orrupt But, being season'd with a gracious voice, Obscures the show of evil? In religion, What damned error bu
s from the English. Thus Joan la Pucelle hath perform'd her word. CHARLES. Divinest creature, Astraea's daughter,
stern gate, all fiery red, Opening on Neptune with fair blessed beams, Turns into yellow gold his salt g
ever ent'red in a drowsy head Have I since your departure had, my lords. Methought their souls whose bodies Richard murder'd 
"I imagine that it must be Sir Henry Baskerville." "No, no," said I. "Only a humble commoner, but his
S OF WINDSOR by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae SIR JOHN FALSTAFF FENTON, a young gentleman SHALLOW, 
 Chinese coin hanging from your watch-chain, the matter becomes even more simple." Mr. Jabez Wilson laughed 
 strength, Are newly grown to love. The condemn'd Pompey, Rich in his father's honour, creeps apace In
undy. WARWICK. Unsavoury news! But how made he escape? POST. He was convey'd by Richard Duke of Glouc
 Why do we wrap the gentleman in our more rawer breath Osr. Sir? Hor [aside to Hamlet] Is't not possible
 dominions for this enterprise, On such regards of safety and allowance As therein are set down. King
 good part To take on me to keep and kill thy heart. So, now I have mine own again, be gone. That I may str
 mention?" "Exactly!" Inspector MacDonald smiled, and his eyelid quivered as he glanced towards me. "I won't conceal from you, Mr. Holmes, that we think in the C.
 more Will I my master's tears to you deplore. OLIVIA. Yet come again; for thou perhaps mayst move That heart 
 thoughts standing there on my threshold. His appearance was quite familiar to me. He is extremely tall and thin, his forehead domes out 
 wish to discuss with you," said he. "You feared, as I understand, that very grave results might follow from the details of this treaty becoming know
He could not stay to pick them in a pile Of noisome musty chaff. He said 'twas folly, For one poor grain or
as soon as it was daylight I slipped down, got a dog-cart at the Crown Inn, which is opposite, and drove to Leatherhead, from whence I have come on this 
d, I should imagine, to refresh his memory upon that last occasion. He had, as I understand, some sort of map or chart which he was comparing with the man
e, some two months since, fled from his house. Her pretence is a pilgrimage to Saint Jaques le Grand; which holy underta
enture it. DUKE. Now, as thou art a gentleman of blood, Advise me where I may have such a ladder. VALENTINE. When w
er Lord. LENNOX. My former speeches have but hit your thoughts, Which can interpret farther; only I say Thing's 
es smote, ourselves resisted? Come! MENENIUS. Consider this: he has been bred i' th' wars Since 'a could draw a sword, and is ill school
he has liquor and good pay, why should he ask questions? They send him messages what to do. No, I thought over every possible 
he opened a flat box as she spoke, and showed me six of the finest pearls that I had ever seen. "Your statement is most interesting," said Sh
he was leaving it. "'See here,' said the operator after he'd gone out, 'I guess we should charge double rates for this.'--
her,' he cried. "'But it was you who broke her innocent heart,' I shrieked, thrusting the box before him. 'Let th
herefore, hear me, Hermia. I have a widow aunt, a dowager Of great revenue, and she hath no child- From Athens is her house 
im unto a small spare mast, Such as sea-faring men provide for storms; To him one of the other twins
ing," said I, handing it back to my friend. "On the contrary, Watson, you can see everything. You fail,
is arms until he drew a long, natural breath. "It's only a question of time now," said I, as I turned away from him. Holmes stood by the table, with his hands 
is oath And all probation, will make up full clear, Whensoever he's convented. First, for this woman- 
ives. Here it was that one evening we received a visit from an acquaintance, Mr. Hilton Soames, tutor and lecturer at the College of S
ld induce me to help the rascals in any way." I had been casting round for some excuse by which I could get away from his gossip, but now I began 
ll prove a widower shortly, I'll wear the willow-garland for his sake. QUEEN MARGARET. Tell him my mourning weeds are laid a
mannerly. There is staying A gentleman, sent from the King, to see you. KATHARINE. Admit him entrance, Griffith; but this fellow Let m
n two hours we must be on the scene of action. Miss Irene, or Madame, rather, returns from her drive at
nd Defiance to the traitor, and so die? AUMERLE. No, good my lord; let's fight with gentle words Till time lend fr
nd wond'red how. Exit SCENE III. A prison Enter, severally, DUKE, disguised as a FRIAR, and PROVOST DU
ntime I wish you both good-morning." It was not until long after we were back in Poldhu Cottage that Holmes broke his complete and absorbed sile
re numerous small fry, but few who would handle so big an affair. The only men worth considering are Adolph Mayer, of 13 Great George Street, Westminster; Louis La
s true: In the divorce his contrary proceedings Are all unfolded; wherein he appears As I would wish mine enemy. SURREY. How came His practices to light? SUFFOLK. Most Strangely.
t, namely, this young prince; And then our arms, like to a muzzled bear, Save in aspect, hath all offence seal'd up; Our ca
the detested wife. PAROLLES. Will this capriccio hold in thee, art sure? BERTRAM. Go with me to my chamber and advise me. I'll send her straight away. To
ther motive that Baskerville Hall, as the paper says, would certainly remain untenanted if anything were done to increase its a
this business. ISABELLA. Let me hear you speak farther; I have spirit to do anything that appears not f
ur soul Should with your body. Leon. Being that I flow in grief, The smallest twine may lead me. Friar. 'Tis well consented
ve peace for the moment." "But her honor?" "Tut, my dear sir, we live in a utilitarian age. Honour is a mediaeval conception. Besides England
. There's millions now alive That nightly lie in those unproper beds Which they dare swear peculiar. Your case i
e a hundred a year, which was certainly splendid pay. So it ended by my accepting, and I went down to
e a permanent weakness. You know, too, what a black reaction comes upon you. Surely the game is hardly
y it. BRUTUS. Why, so I do. Good Portia, go to bed. PORTIA. Is Brutus sick, and is it physical To walk unbraced an
o many which referred to sport among them, you may be tolerably sure that he is either an ardent shot or interested in breeding. Do 
d straight into my arms as I stood waiting for him outside the window. "Well, he has rather more viciousness than I 
n that he had arrived all safe, and directed me to come down at once, giving the Langham Hotel as his address
f this land-service, I did not come. CHIEF JUSTICE. Well, the truth is, Sir John, you live in great i
r thou hast stay'd so long that going will scarce serve the turn. SPEED. Why didst not tell me sooner? Pox of your love letters! Exi
m'd diligence to me. Now, ye familiar spirits that are cull'd Out of the powerful regions under earth
ace is by no means convinced that the police have failed." "But surely, Mr. Wilder--" "You are well aware, Dr. Huxta
ace of grouse, with something a little choice in white wines.--Watson, you have never yet recognized my merits as a h
ned the initials L. L." "Have you got that slip?" "No, sir, it crumbled all to bits after we moved i
ven clearer one on the soft bed?" "Yes, sir, she must have been a cool hand." I saw an intent look pass over Hol
till; I kill'd not thee with half so good a will. Dies. Alarum. Retreat. Enter Octavius, Antony, Messala, Luc
 in a moment? No man. The expedition of my violent love Outrun the pauser reason. Here lay Duncan, His silver skin laced with his golden blood, And hi
his fashion: .M .ERE ..E SL.NE. "Now the first letter can only be A, which is a most useful discovery, since it occurs no fewer than three 
emen can witness; but I would not for the wealth of Athens I had done't now. Commend me bountifully to his good lord
und With keels of every kind. Many hot inroads They make in Italy; the borders maritime Lack blood to think on't, and flush youth revolt. No vessel can peep forth but 'tis a
To cool this heat, a charm to calm these fits, Per Styga, per manes vehor. Exeunt SCENE II. A forest near Rome Enter
No more. To what end? Why should I write this down that's riveted, Screw'd to my memory? She hath been readi
go together. BRUTUS. [Aside.] That every like is not the same, O Caesar, The heart of Brutus yearns to think upon! Exeunt. SCENE III. 
For I have none. Let no man speak again To alter this, for counsel is but vain. AUMERLE. My liege, one word. K
for they were parted With foul and violent tempest. MONTANO. Pray heavens he be, For I have served hi
it with him and his new bride.' KING EDWARD. IS Lewis so brave? Belike he thinks me Henry. But what said Lady Bona to my marriag
ttend on her. Will not your honours bear me company? BEDFORD. No, truly; 'tis more than manners will; And I have heard it said unbidden guests Are often welcomest when they are gone. TALBOT. We
ttle Than fall and bruise to death. Alas! this gentleman, Whom I would save, had a most noble father. Let but y
s. I must be patient till the heavens look With an aspect more favourable. Good my lords, I am not pro
in a novel. He was a master criminal, and he lived last century--1750 or thereabouts." "Then he's no use t
x, and an elementary book on botany, there are instructive days to be spent." He prowled about with thi
he hides him in fresh cups, soft beds, Sweet words; or hath moe ministers than we That draw his knives i' th' war. Well, I will find
my lord, When you went onward on this ended action, I look'd upon her with a soldier's eye, That lik'd, b
Go make thee ready; Our letters are prepar'd. Exeunt MESSENGER CHARMIAN. A proper man. CLEOPATRA. Indeed, he is so. I repent me much That so I harried h
e; so lords call ladies. SLY. Madam wife, they say that I have dream'd And slept above some fifteen year or more. PAGE. Ay, an
my woman feign a sickness; say She'll home to her father; and provide me presently A riding suit, no costlier than would fit A
ry's weal. Enter in Cardinal's habit BEAUFORT, the PAPAL LEGATE, and two AMBASSADORS EXETER. What! Is my Lo
ESS, LAFEU, the two FRENCH LORDS, with ATTENDANTS KING. We lost a jewel of her, and our esteem Was ma
ite shown. Then if she fear, or be to blame, By this you shall not know; For still her cheeks possess the same Which native
been drawn out by Holmes and submitted to the defending counsel. Old Turner lived for seven months after our interview, but he is now d
nvestigation of which has been his dearest hobby, I cannot doubt that he could help me." I gave Holmes's remarks as a consecutive w
 The order of the English letters after E is by no means well marked, and any preponderance which may be shown i
n his eyes, however, steel gray, and glistening coldly with a malignant, inexorable cruelty in their depths. "'We shall know if you speak of this,' said he. 'W
will fetch thee straight Adonis painted by a running brook, And Cytherea all in sedges hid, Which seem to move and wa
 lost. O most kind maid, It was the swift celerity of his death, Which I did think with slower foot 
 now how abhorred in my imagination it is! My gorge rises at it. Here hung those lips that I have kiss
morning. PORTIA. Nor for yours neither. have ungently, Brutus, Stole from my bed; and yesternight at supper Yo
his days are almost done. MALVOLIO. Is't even so? SIR TOBY. [Sings] But I will never die. [Falls down] CLOWN.
hat which we have fled During the life, let us not wrong it dead. Enter SIR WILLIAM Lucy, attended; a FRENCH HERALD precedin
not, damn me. FIRST SOLDIER. Acordo linta. Come on; thou art granted space. Exit, PAROLLES guarded. A short alar
nst. PROSPERO. [Aside] Poor worm, thou art infected! This visitation shows it. MIRANDA. You look wearily. FERDINAND. 
ertainly. That is easily managed. One other point. I should much like to have a few details about this matter from the lips of Jonathan Small himself. You kno
RD. I think my husband hath some special suspicion of Falstaff's being here, for I never saw him so gross in 
 we always had a hatful of pennies after a day's work. I still heard all the news from Pondicherry Lodg
ce, puffing his purple lips in and out with every breath--a dreadful wreck of all that he had been but 
was standing in the street, with her eyes fixed full upon me. I gave a cry of surprise, threw up my arm
for the name of king? To cabin! silence! Trouble us not. GONZALO. Good, yet remember whom thou hast aboa
his wasp outlive, us both to sting. CHIRON. I warrant you, madam, we will make that sure. Come, mistress, n
ter's fire, Authorized by her grandam. Shame itself! Why do you make such faces? When all's done, You look but on a stool. MACBETH. Prithee, see ther
ngman is a more penitent trade than your bawd; he doth oftener ask forgiveness. PROVOST. You, sirrah, pro
al'd, It issues from the rancour of a villain, A recreant and most degenerate traitor; Which in myself I boldly will defend, And interchange
ubjects for this series of sketches. They led, however, in an indirect fashion to a singular and complex pro
 obedience- Our aediles smote, ourselves resisted? Come! MENENIUS. Consider this: he has been bred i' th' wars Since 'a could draw a sword, and is ill school'd In bolted language; meal a
isper you, my lords, and answer not? EXETER. My conscience tells me he is lawful King. KING HENRY. [Aside] All will revolt from m
n the cab was a woman, half-collapsed from nervous exhaustion. She bore upon her aquiline and emaciated 
ection want Such water colours to impaint his cause, Nor moody beggars, starving for a time Of pell-mell havoc and confusion. Prince. In both our armies there is many a soul Shall pay fu
 some sleepy words of surprise or remonstrance at this untimely preparation, when suddenly my half-opened eyes fell upon her face, illuminated by the candle-light, and astonishment held me dumb.
riend asked me. I shall feel more at ease when we have our story-teller here safe under lock and key. T
om over-credulous haste. But God above Deal between thee and me! For even now I put myself to thy dir
 'It is high, but it may be that you can jump it.' "As she spoke a light sprang into view at the further end o
e but strangers to him. But I can tell you one thing, my lord, and which I hear from common rumours: now Lord Timon's happy
vice Thou cam'st here to complain. ISABELLA. And is this all? Then, O you blessed ministers above, Keep me in pa
o be a walking calendar of crime," said Stamford with a laugh. "You might start a paper on those line
halt behind her. FERDINAND. I do believe it Against an oracle. PROSPERO. Then, as my gift, and thine own acquisition Wor
rang down to open the door. "This, Miss Morstan, is Pondicherry Lodge," said Mr. Thaddeus Sholto, as he handed her out. CHAPTER V The Tragedy
tent excuse to cover his failure. What data could he expect from an uncleaned watch? "Though unsatisfactory, my research has not 
of I found by fortune and did give my husband, For often with a solemn earnestness, More than indeed belong'd to suc
t we have surely made some appreciable progress. "The effect of our inquiries at Woolwich has in the main b
ched his head. "Well, he wasn't altogether such an easy gentleman to describe. I'd put him at forty years of
e If now I court not, but omit, my fortunes Will ever after droop. Here cease more questions; Thou art inclin'd to sleep; 'tis a good 
 own regiment, the 34th Bombay Infantry. The major had retired some little time before, and lived at Upper Norwood. We communicated with him, of course, but he did not e
nder the hoofs of vaunting enemies, Whose deaths are yet unreveng'd. I prithee Rend me thy sword. Fal. O Hal, I 
 fog was very thick." "Suppose that Cadogan West wished to make his way into the building after hours; he w
ere." "Had he any friends in town?" "Only one that we know of,--Major Sholto, of his own regiment, the 34th Bombay Infa
ed; as mine eyes open'd, I saw their weapons drawn-there was a noise, That's verily. 'Tis best we stand upon our guard, Or t
e neat little 'Hosmer Angel' at the bottom. There is a date, you see, but no superscription except Leadenhall Street, w
 once more, and to think over my plan of campaign. "This Godfrey Norton was evidently an important factor in the ma
marked our prisoner as the handcuffs clattered upon his wrists. "You may not be aware that I have royal blood in my ve
 a new development quite drew our attention away from the original mystery. "'For two days Rachel Howells had been so ill, sometimes 
l, that you are like to know, THESEUS. This fellow doth not stand upon points. LYSANDER. He hath rid hi
eve her. Things went on much as before, but after a time I began to find that there was a bit of a change i
 It is no more But that your daughter, ere she seems as won, Desires this ring; appoints him an enco
y armor. SEYTON. 'Tis not needed yet. MACBETH. I'll put it on. Send out more horses, skirr the country round, 
ce you now? WARWICK. They mock thee, Clifford; swear as thou wast wont. RICHARD. What, not an oath? Nay, t
ed as I approached. "'Tell me, dad,' said she, looking, I thought, a little disturbed, 'did you give Lucy, the maid, leave
ssion I am a hydraulic engineer, and I have had considerable experience of my work during the seven years that I was apprent
r: so I came away, bitter and savage as a man could be. Before I left I bethought me that if I ever met my Sik
NTES. I will seem friendly, as thou hast advis'd me. Exit CAMILLO. O miserable lady! But, for me, What case stand I in? I must be the poisoner Of good Polixen
tween Lord Perigort and the beauteous heir Of Jaques Falconbridge, solemnized In Normandy, saw I this Longaville. A man of sovereign parts, peerle
evolt and flying off! Fetch me a better answer. Glou. My dear lord, You know the fiery quality of th
ow of himself? Adorn his temples with a coronet And yet, in substance and authority, Retain but privilege o
al as in a castle, cocksure. We have the receipt of fernseed, we walk invisible. Cham. Nay, by my faith, I think you 
wards it and the law doth give it. SHYLOCK. Most rightful judge! PORTIA. And you must cut this flesh from of
 Well then, no more but this: go, gentle Catesby, And, as it were far off, sound thou Lord Hastings How he doth stand affected to 
well, we'll leave you. SICINIUS. Why stay we to be baited With one that wants her wits? Exeunt TRIBUNES VOLUMNIA.
o one." Holmes glanced at his watch. "Still a quarter of an hour," said he. "Very good, I shall wait." The butler had hardly closed the door behind him wh
TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1612 THE TEMPEST by William Shakespeare DRAMATIS PERSONAE ALONSO, King of Naples SEBASTIAN, his brother PROSPERO, the right
e, that I could speak more freely in Mr. Wilder's absence." The man turned a shade paler and cast a malignant glance at Holmes. "If your Grace wishes--" "Yes
o take advantage of the absent time, And fright our native peace with self-borne arms. Enter YORK, attended BOLINGBROKE. I shall not need transport my words by you; H
 haste made me unmannerly. There is staying A gentleman, sent from the King, to see you. KATHARINE. Admit him entrance, Griffith; but this fell
vilized country he found himself condemned to death. The execution had now been duly carried out. Ted Baldwin, who sprawle
 turned to the door. I picked up a chair, but Holmes shook his head and I laid it down again. With bow, a smile, 
unquiet wrangling days, How many of you have mine eyes beheld! My husband lost his life to get the cro
 heavily veiled, who had been sitting in the window, rose as we entered. "Good-morning, madam," said Holmes cheerily. "My name
r? This learned constable is too cunning to be understood. What's your offence? Bora. Sweet Prince, let me
 kneel'd, How he refell'd me, and how I replied, For this was of much length- the vile conclusion I now begin with grief a
d shall he remain uncaught; And found- dispatch. The noble Duke my master, My worthy arch and patron, comes to-night. By his authority I will proclaim i
e, who never Yields us kind answer. MIRANDA. 'Tis a villain, sir, I do not love to look on. PROSPERO. But as 'tis, W
es; come! The gods preserve our noble tribunes! Come. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS
 person against whom the criminal enterprise was directed. So far it seems to me that we are on safe ground. "We can now se
en more peculiar." "I thought you would say so, Mr. Holmes," said White Mason in great delight. "We're well up with the times i
ase is, there have been one or two very instructive details in connection with it. Just pull up at a telegraph office as you pass, cabby." 
slight acquaintance with him. He was not generally popular among the undergraduates, though it always seemed to me that wh
 fight maliciously. For when mine hours Were nice and lucky, men did ransom lives Of me for jests; but now I'll set my teeth, And send to darkness all that stop me. Com
h bitter) disposition of Beatrice that puts the world into her person and so gives me out. Well, I'll be revenged as I may. Enter Don P
. Then he turned down the lamp, and we were left in darkness. How shall I ever forget that dreadful vigil? I could not he
e, But that her flight prevented it, she had Ta'en off by poison. CYMBELINE. O most delicate fiend! Who is't can read a woman? Is there 
SDEMONA. I will, my lord. Exeunt Othello, Lodovico, and Attendants. EMILIA. How goes it now? He looks gentler than he di
LO. And why should we proclaim it in an hour before his ent'ring that, if any crave redress of injustice, they 
t speed, Craves harbourage within your city walls. KING PHILIP. When I have said, make answer to us both. Lo, in this right hand, whose protection Is most divinely vow'd u
s smiled his appreciation. "You must have examined the house very carefully to find a single pellet of paper." "I did,
' garden for's estate. His name's Gonzago. The story is extant, and written in very choice Italian. You shall see anon
d deeper than did ever plummet sound I'll drown my book. [Solem music] Here enters ARIEL before; then ALONSO, with frantic gesture, attended by GONZALO; SE
eer, That smooth'st it so with King and commonweal. GLOUCESTER. What, Cardinal, is your priesthood grown peremptory? Tantaene animis coelestibus irae? Church
with you Musgrave?' I asked, after we had cordially shaken hands. "'You probably heard of my poor father's death,' said he; 'he w
t before we need his help. OXFORD. Women and children of so high a courage, And warriors faint! Why, 'twere perpetual shame. O brave young Prince! thy famous grandfather Doth live again i
 came to him th' other day into the compass'd window-and you know he has not past three or four hairs on his chin- CRESSIDA. Indeed a tapster's arithmetic may so
ust give the room a little time to clear. I take it, Watson, that you have no longer a shadow of a doubt as to
haps it I seek not to advance Or raise myself, but keep my wonted calling? And for dissension, who preferreth peace More than I do
 'Twill be naught; But let it be. Bring me to Antony. EROS. Come, sir. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_6 SCENE VI. Rome. CAESAR'S house Enter CA
d; but, be sure, No less belov'd. The Roman Emperor's letters, Sent by a consul to me, should not sooner Than thine own worth prefer thee. Go with me. IMOGEN. I'll fol
Apt, in good faith, very apt! Well, go thy way; if Sir Toby would leave drinking, thou wert as witty a piece o
 on his heel with a gesture of disgust. "Good-night, Dr. Trevelyan," said he. "And no advice for me?" cried Blessing
Till of this flat a mountain you have made T' o'ertop old Pelion or the skyish head Of blue Olympus. Ham. [comes forward] What is he whose g
he lady. It seems her affections have their full bent. Love me? Why, it must be requited. I hear how I am
> ACT II. SCENE I. A seaport in Cyprus. An open place near the quay. Enter Montano and two Gentlemen. MO
NOBARBUS. Mine, and most of our fortunes, to-night, shall be- drunk to bed. IRAS. There's a palm presages chastity, if
peak again To alter this, for counsel is but vain. AUMERLE. My liege, one word. KING RICHARD. He does me 
ould pray our monsieurs To think an English courtier may be wise, And never see the Louvre. LOVELL. They must either, For so 
hey spake not a word; But, like dumb statues or breathing stones, Star'd each on other, and look'd deadly pale. Which when I saw, I reprehended them, And ask
the fiend So horrid as in woman. Gon. O vain fool! Alb. Thou changed and self-cover'd thing, for shame! B
our, honesty, expertness in wars; or whether he thinks it were not possible, with well-weighing sums 
times more joy Than thou went'st forth in lamentation. Go before, nurse. Commend me to thy lady, And bid her hasten al
ue o' my body; for they say bames are blessings. COUNTESS. Tell me thy reason why thou wilt marry. CLOWN. M
ng; only I here importune death awhile, until Of many thousand kisses the poor last I lay upon thy lips. CLEOPATR
 both in a hansom, driving furiously for the Brixton Road. It was a foggy, cloudy morning, and a dun-coloured veil hun
h credit be asleep and not an ear open: he was torn to pieces with a bear. This avouches the shepherd's
ack felt hat, which he had not troubled to remove, a handsome face with fierce, domineering eyes and a curved hawk-bill of a nose looked savagely at the pa
inion! A man may wear it on both sides, like leather jerkin. ACHILLES. Thou must be my ambassador to him, Thersi
How came the posterns So easily open? FIRST LORD. By his great authority; Which often hath no less prevail'd than so On your command. LEONTES. I know't too well. G
ing from the end of it. "Willoughby Smith had excellent sight," he added. "There can be no question that this was snatched 
e of you will be troubled in the matter. And I have also communicated with my faithful Cartwright, who woul
 England's King in lawful marriage. QUEEN MARGARET. [Aside] If that go forward, Henry's hope is done. WARWICK. [To BONA] And, gracious madam, 
s braves, and Charles his gleeks? What, all amort? Rouen hangs her head for grief That such a valiant company are fled. Now
 DUCHESS. Why should calamity be fun of words? QUEEN ELIZABETH. Windy attorneys to their client woes, Airy su
rumpet call Mid-way between your tents and walls of Troy To rouse a Grecian that is true in love. If any come, Hect
oung Orlando, that tripp'd up the wrestler's heels and your heart both in an instant. ROSALIND. Nay, but t
d of vile ill-favour'd faults Looks handsome in three hundred pounds a year! QUICKLY. And how does good Master Fenton? 
all be render'd to your public laws At heaviest answer. BOTH. 'Tis most nobly spoken. ALCIBIADES. Descend, an
 it. Enter another GENTLEMAN Here comes the Lady Paulina's steward; he can deliver you more. How goes 
bout--" he jerked his thumb upward to signify the coining plant. "All right," whispered McMurdo, who ha
 dance, men witb women, a lofty strain or two to the hautboys, and cease TIMON. You have done our ple
 must find it out tonight. Exit. SCENE II. The palace. Enter Lady Macbeth and a Servant. LADY MACBETH. Is Banquo gone from court? SERVANT. Ay, madam, but returns again to
stols rang out together. He whirled round, threw up his arms, and with a kind of choking cough fell sideways into the stream. I caught one glimpse
ime. There are plenty of little yachts and yawls at Calcutta or Madras which would serve our turn well. Do you bring one over. We shall engage to get aboard he
ght. First of all about the test telegram, which you sent from London in order to make sure that Barrymore was really here. I ha
that of their employee, James Windibank. Voilà tout!" "And Miss Sutherland?" "If I tell her she will not believe me. You ma
was so overwhelmed with grief and agitation that my suspicions, which had never been entirely absent, rose instan
aordinary energy. The whole garden has already been minutely examined." "Now, my dear sir," said Holmes. "is it not obvious to you now that this matter really str
, So thou refuse to drink my dear sons' blood. Enter Lucius with his weapon drawn O reverend Tribunes! O gentle a
ting with the Colonel in a friendly fashion. Now, it was equally certain that, immediately on her return, sh
re toss'd with. In faith, I'll know your business, Harry; that I will! I fear my brother Mortimer doth stir About his t
ion clear'd Hereditary ours. HERMIONE. By this we gather You have tripp'd since. POLIXENES. O my most sacred 
ur pardon. IMOGEN. All's well, sir; take my pow'r i' th' court for yours. IACHIMO. My humble thanks. 
n he could. 'Tis pity bounty had not eyes behind, That man might ne'er be wretched for his mind. Exit FIRS
hear of me again; Till when, go seek thy fortune. Exit HECTOR. Fare thee well. I would have been much more a fresh
ntly at me, and his gray whiskers bristled like those of an angry cat. "Indeed, sir!" said he, pointing out over the wide-stretch
STA. Content you, gentlemen; I will compound this strife. 'Tis deeds must win the prize, and he of both That can assure my daughter great
fitable chat. Glend. Three times hath Henry Bolingbroke made head Against my power; thrice from the banks of Wy
un over the course of events, and you will contradict me if I go wrong." The man sat huddled up in his chair, 
boisterous, insincere fashion. "You're a queer card, for sure," said he. "Well, if you want reasons, I'll give th
 "Good! My friend and I are also ready for emergencies." "You're mighty close about this affair, Mr. Holmes. What's the game now?" "A wa
t not, for she looks very sad. KING EDWARD. You'd think it strange if I should marry her. CLARENCE. To who, my lord
, Purchase the sight again of dear Sicilia And that unhappy king, my master, whom I so much thirst to see. FLO
d was turn'd into a cold fish for she would not exchange flesh with one that lov'd her. The ballad is very pitiful, 
n his back. BAPTISTA. Why, that's all one. BIONDELLO. Nay, by Saint Jamy, I hold you a penny, A horse 
eight of pain, As much, or more, we should ourselves complain. So thou, that hast no unkind mate to grieve thee, With urgin
t and prepared to go out. As a matter of course I did the same. "What, are you coming, Watson?" he asked, looking at m
 his shoulders. "I am a practical man," he said, "and I really cannot undertake to go about the country 
n out to be correct. This woman's first husband is in that cottage." "Why do you think so?" "How else can we explain her frenzied anxiety th
 so much we tender him. ADRIANA. Justice, most sacred Duke, against the Abbess! DUKE. She is a virtuous and a reverend lady; It cannot be that she hath d
wer, I come to tender it, and my appliance, With all bound humbleness. KING. We thank you, maiden; But may not be so
time before, and lived at Upper Norwood. We communicated with him, of course, but he did not even know that his brother officer was in England." 
us exaltation. I have never known him so brilliant. He spoke on a quick succession of subjects,--on mirac
ALO. Upon mine honour, sir, I heard a humming, And that a strange one too, which did awake me; I shak'd y
LEN. Commend me to your niece. PANDARUS. I will, sweet queen. Exit. Sound a retreat PARIS. They're come from the fiel
 And so, God keep your worship! Exit OLIVER. Farewell, good Charles. Now will I stir this gamester. I hop
Sir, you are very welcome to our house. It must appear in other ways than words, Therefore I scant this breathing cour
ergrown with hair, Put forth disorder'd twigs; her fallow leas The darnel, hemlock, and rank fumitory, Doth 
 Graces both to pardon me: His Majesty hath straitly given in charge That no man shall have private confe
 him, together with a half-sovereign, at the old naturalist's in Pinchin Lane. At Camberwell I found Miss Mors
 expression grew very grave as he spoke, and a look of something akin to fear sprang up in his eyes. "D
sts! For he is, sure, i' th' island. ALONSO. Lead away. ARIEL. Prospero my lord shall know what I have done; So, King, go safely on to seek thy son. Exeunt SC
O, ay, make up that! He is now at a cold scent. FABIAN. Sowter will cry upon't for all this, though i
arl. Exit PORTER NORTHUMBERLAND. What news, Lord Bardolph? Every minute now Should be the father of some stratagem. The times are wild; contention, like a horse Full 
ent's notice, but would need some little time, if it were only a day, to arrange his affairs. That was the
pkins pointed to a half-opened drawer. In it lay some table linen and a large cork-screw. "Did Lady Brackenst
 He's safe for these three hours. FERDINAND. O most dear mistress, The sun will set before I shall discharge What I must strive to do. MIRAN
t To say 'She is a goodly lady' and The justice of your hearts will thereto ad 'Tis pity she's not honest- h
," said Holmes. "And now, Mr. Soames, I wish you good-night." Our guide cried aloud in his astonishment and dismay
ave by common voice In election for the Roman empery Chosen Andronicus, surnamed Pius For many good an
ntually recovered. It proved to be that of a young gentleman whose name, as it appears from an envelope which was 
ean attempts, Such barren pleasures, rude society, As thou art match'd withal and grafted to, Accompany the greatness of thy blood An
 now. I have heard it said the fittest time to corrupt a man's wife is when she's fall'n out with her husba
ssed me upon his black mare, and there ran mute behind him such a hound of hell as God forbid should ever be at my heels.' So 
easant thing indeed to a lonely man. In old days Stamford had never been a particular crony of mine, but now I hailed him with enthusiasm, and he, in his turn, a
a little domestic complication. She was much impressed by your kindness and skill." "Mrs. Cecil Forrester
dy. Have comfort, for I know your plight is pitied Of him that caus'd it. GALLUS. You see how easily she may be
g man. When he is found the whole business will assuredly be put to his account.' I could see no other way out of it, so we did
der one of the numerous disguises and names with which he concealed his own formidable identity. He had at least five 
f lighting his pipe at lamps and gas-jets. You can see that it is quite charred all down one side. Of co
terrogatories Can task the free breath of a sacred king? Thou canst not, Cardinal, devise a name So slight, unwo
IA. Run after that same peevish messenger, The County's man. He left this ring behind him, Would I o
 have failed." "But surely, Mr. Wilder--" "You are well aware, Dr. Huxtable, that his Grace is particularly anxiou
 feeble Henry's head: Ring bells aloud, burn bonfires clear and bright, To entertain great England's lawful king. Ah, sancta m
l to the maid? SHALLOW. Cousin Abraham Slender, can you love her? SLENDER. I hope, sir, I will do as it shall 
it was me!" He thrust out his face and grinned at the patrolmen like a snarling dog. The two policemen, heavy, g
il, They hither march amain, under conduct Of Lucius, son to old Andronicus; Who threats in course of this reven
us far, Griffith, give me leave to speak him, And yet with charity. He was a man Of an unbounded stomach, ever ranking H
h a snarl of rage, but the constables dragged him back. The fury upon his face was terrible to look at
im that did but yesterday suspire, There was not such a gracious creature born. But now will canker 
haunt about my doors. In honest plainness thou hast heard me say My daughter is not for thee; and now, in m
ng of darkness I Acknowledge mine. CALIBAN. I shall be pinch'd to death. ALONSO. Is not this Stephano, 
ite so. I have a kind of intuition that way. Now and again a case turns up which is a little more complex. Then 
ss of cruelty, starvation, or disease could this wornout wreck be the still beautiful Lady Frances. Holmes's face 
one, consider; think Upon the wounds his body bears, which show Like graves i' th' holy churchyard. CORIOLANUS. S
 can set. JULIA. As little by such toys as may be possible. Best sing it to the tune of 'Light o' Love.' LUCETTA. It is too heavy
o forth, And give us truth who 'tis that is arrived. SECOND GENTLEMAN. I shall. Exit. MONTANO. But, good lieutenant, 
of fashion, like a rusty mail In monumental mock'ry. Take the instant way; For honour travels in a strait so narrow - Wh
in or send by me some token. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Fie, now you run this humour out of breath! Come, where's the cha
? Is Beaufort term'd a kite? Where are his talons? SUFFOLK. I wear no knife to slaughter sleeping men; But her
d, running neither way. Fain would I go to meet the Archbishop, But many thousand reasons hold me bac
' season Are our carnations and streak'd gillyvors, Which some call nature's bastards. Of that kind Our rust
er's guest. Give him this letter; do it secretly. And so farewell. I would not have my father See me in talk with thee. LAUNCELOT. Adieu! tears exhi
 such eel-skins stuff'd, my face so thin That in mine ear I durst not stick a rose Lest men should say 'Look whe
 gone out for a walk,' she answered. "My mind was instantly filled with suspicion. I rushed upstairs t
 you wisdom? So. [Pushes him out.] Lear. Now, my friendly knave, I thank thee. There's earnest of thy service. [G
 [Alarum] AENEAS. Hark what good sport is out of town to-day! TROILUS. Better at home, if 'would I might' wer
ront!" He glanced hurriedly at the note which had been handed in. "Halloa! Lestrade seems to have observed something of interest. Put on your hat, Watson, and we will stro
y his letters were addressed here." "Madam Derbyshire had somewhat expensive tastes," remarked Holmes, glancing down the account. "Twenty-two
; let A Roman and a British ensign wave Friendly together. So through Lud's Town march; And in the temple of great Jupiter Our peace we'll ratify; seal it with
 revolver bullet, as you perceive, Watson. There's genius in that, for who would expect to find such a thing fired from an air-gun. All
 done, consider; think Upon the wounds his body bears, which show Like graves i' th' holy churchyard. CORIOLA
e whereof is now. Good night, great Hector. HECTOR. Give me your hand. ULYSSES. [Aside to TROILUS] Follo
 In place of greater state. I'll meet you in the valleys. Exeunt GUIDERIUS and ARVIRAGUS How hard it is to hid
. BAPTISTA. Content you, gentlemen; I will compound this strife. 'Tis deeds must win the prize, and he of both That can assure my dau
oors. ALENCON. Of all exploits since first I follow'd arms Ne'er heard I of a warlike enterprise More venturo
 hair, you see, is sticking; His well-proportion'd beard made rough and rugged, Like to the summer's corn by tempest lodged. It cannot be but 
. Doug. Faith, and so we should; Where now remains a sweet reversion. We may boldly spend upon the hope of what Is t
 he, and for a moment I saw something in his eyes which was nearer to tenderness than I had ever see
f strong tobacco, I hope?" "I always smoke 'ship's' myself," I answered. "That's good enough. I gener
. They were tall, fierce-looking chaps, Mahomet Singh and Abdullah Khan by name, both old fighting-men who had borne a
s. King. My blood hath been too cold and temperate, Unapt to stir at these indignities, And you have found me, fo
lack! 'Tis wonder that thy life and wits at once Had not concluded all.- He wakes. Speak to him. Doct. Madam, do you; 'tis
e Case Miss Morstan entered the room with a firm step and an outward composure of manner. She was a blonde young lady, small, dainty, well 
ast Monday night at Godolphin Street, Westminster. Our readers will remember that the deceased gentleman was found stabbed in 
ood He'll breed revengement and a scourge for me; But thou dost in thy passages of life Make me believe 
 me. SANDYS. I told your Grace they would talk anon. [Drum and trumpet. Chambers discharg'd] WOLSEY. What's that? CHAMBERLAIN. Look
or moulding. The manager, a big blond German, received us civilly, and gave a clear answer to all Holmes's questi
may. ELINOR. Out on thee, rude man! Thou dost shame thy mother, And wound her honour with this diffidence. BASTARD. I, madam? No, I have no reason for it- That is my
 When I shall turn the business of my soul To such exsufflicate and blown surmises, Matching thy inference. 'Ti
 Signior Lucentio, this is the 'pointed day That Katherine and Petruchio should be married, And yet we hear not of our 
GUNDY. What say'st thou, Charles? for I am marching hence. CHARLES. Speak, Pucelle, and enchant him with thy words. PUC
 happy dream; From which awak'd, the truth of what we are Shows us but this: I am sworn brother, sweet, T
 his explanation may be the right one, but I should like to have some further proof of it. To-day we mean to
eof free; Yet if men moved him, was he such a storm As oft 'twixt May and April is to see, When winds breathe 
drew? AGUECHEEK. The Count's gentleman, one Cesario. We took him for a coward, but he's the very devil incardinate. D
n. Laur. Unhappy fortune! By my brotherhood, The letter was not nice, but full of charge, Of dear import; and the neglecting it May do much 
om me. BERTRAM. May I be bold to acquaint his Grace you are gone about it? PAROLLES. I know not what the succ
at factious pate of his. QUEEN. He is arrested, but will not obey; His sons, he says, shall give their words for him. YORK. Will
question! Mr. Douglas must have shot himself." "That was our first idea. But see!" Barker drew aside 
following remarkable statement. He spoke in a calm and methodical manner, as though the events which he narrated were commonpl
at I need no help of any kind." "Excellent!" said Stapleton. "You are perfectly right to be wary and discreet
n, "we've had just a little too much secrecy over this business already. For my part, I should like all Europe and America t
wards my friend, and the Inspector bowed. "We thought that perhaps you would care to step across, Mr. Holm
 better." "I'd start this next minute if I knew where we could find him," said McMurdo. "He's in Hobson's Patch; but I don't know the house. I've got a plan, th
 suppose you want us to come out to-morrow?" "If it is not asking too much, Mr. Holmes. There's a trai
t heavens To wash it white as snow? Whereto serves mercy But to confront the visage of offence? And what's in prayer but
es decrees. CELIA. Well said; that was laid on with a trowel. TOUCHSTONE. Nay, if I keep not my rank- ROSALIND. Thou losest thy old smell. LE BEAU. You amaze me, ladies
living Could say 'This is my wife' there, all were woven So strangely in one piece. SECOND GENTLEMAN. But what follow'
 glimmer left, My dull deaf ears a little use to hear; All these old witnesses-I cannot err- Tell me thou art my son A
 wonder, When rich ones scarce tell true. To lapse in fulness Is sorer than to lie for need; and falsehood 
body be interr'd; For so he will'd it. BASTARD. Thither shall it, then; And happily may your sweet self put on The lineal state and glor
, brave Hector; we are much delighted. ARMADO. I do adore thy sweet Grace's slipper. BOYET. [Aside to DUMAIN] Loves he
ssumed his most impassive and judicial expression. "In doing so," said Dr. Mortimer, who had begun to show
is pipe to study." An instant later our door opened, and a tall young man entered the room. He was well but quietly dressed in a dark-gra
lain. Pedro. Runs not this speech like iron through your blood? Claud. I have drunk poison whiles he utter'
POLIXENES and CAMILLO, disguised; CLOWN, MOPSA, DORCAS, with OTHERS SHEPHERD. Fie, daughter! When my old wi
n action. No, sir, I'll not believe it." "Thank you; that will do," said Holmes. "Oh, one more word. 
ce: He was a gentleman on whom I built An absolute trust. Enter Macbeth, Banquo, Ross, and Angus. O worthiest cousin! The sin of my ingratitude even now W
re-lock. 'I'm just off a two-yearer in an eight-knot tramp, short-handed at that, and I wants a rest. I thought I'd g
sum'd In hot digestion of this cormorant war- Shall be struck off.' Hector, what say you to't? HECTOR. Though no man
ore I beseech your Majesty, do not cast away an honest man for a villain's accusation. KING HENRY. Uncle, what sha
ff Your wonder; but yet speak. First, you, my liege. Comes it not something near? LEONTES. Her natural posture! Chide me, dear 
r SIR WILLIAM Lucy, attended; a FRENCH HERALD preceding LUCY. Herald, conduct me to the Dauphin's tent, 
ontibell. DIANA. No, my good lord, Diana. BERTRAM. Titled goddess; And worth it, with addition! But, fair soul, In your fine frame hath love no quality? If th
id Holmes; "by John Underwood and Sons, 129, Camberwell Road." Gregson looked quite crest-fallen. "I had 
, even I alone. Leon. No, not so, villain! thou beliest thyself. Here stand a pair of honourable men-- A third is fled--that had a
a man, Thou wouldst have mercy on me. CAESAR. Forbear, Seleucus. Exit SELEUCUS CLEOPATRA. Be it known that we
s. CLEOPATRA. Let him come in. Exit GUARDSMAN What poor an instrument May do a noble deed! He brings me liberty. My resolution's plac'd, 
mes quietly. "What we desire now is to hear your story of the present." "You'll have it, sir," said Douglas
't please your Grace, Sir Thomas Bullen's daughter- The Viscount Rochford-one of her Highness' women. KING. By heaven, she is
eaven, So lust, though to a radiant angel link'd, Will sate itself in a celestial bed And prey on garbage. But soft! methinks I s
if you would enlighten me on one point." "What is it, madam?" "Is my husband's political career likely t
nfirms; Then, noble York, take thou this task in hand. YORK. I am content; provide me soldiers, lords, Whiles I ta
hen suddenly my half-opened eyes fell upon her face, illuminated by the candle-light, and astonishment hel
red. She was a placid-faced woman, with large, gentle eyes, and grizzled hair curving down over her temples on ea
I am afraid I cannot claim her acquaintance. We have established a most important fact by these questions, Watson," he continued in a low voice as we went upst
it you with gud leve, as I may pick occasion; that sall I, marry. MACMORRIS. It is no time to discou
A lovely boy, stolen from an Indian king. She never had so sweet a changeling; And jealous Oberon would have the child Knight of his t
ia, though you left me like a churl, I found a friend; and sure as death I swore I would not part a bachelor from 
 later which will bear upon it. What steps do you propose to take now, Lestrade?" "The most practical way of getting at it, in my opinion, is to
pidus are at Caesar's house. ANTONY. And thither will I straight to visit him. He comes upon a wish. Fortune 
 Who was the first of Britain which did put His brows within a golden crown, and call'd Himself a king. LUCIUS. I am sorr
lthy Orientals who may visit the Northumberland Avenue hotels. I think I will leave him to tell his very remarka
And shalt by fortune once more re-survey These poor rude lines of thy deceased lover: Compare them with t
 greatness he has got. I hourly learn A doctrine of obedience, and would gladly Look him i' th' face
tion--" "I imagine nothing, Mr. Barker. I am bound to make every inquiry which can bear upon the case. But I
yan will make it convenient to be at home.' "This letter interested me deeply, because the chief difficult
in an impudent nation. Fare ye well, sir; I am for France too; we shall speak of you there. Exit with SOLDIERS PAROLLES. Yet 
that a cunning man might change the tyre of his bicycle in order to leave unfamiliar tracks. A crimina
i." "Exactly, my dear Watson; he might have proved an alibi. We will suppose, for argument's sake, that the household of Wi
LENDER. Mistress Anne Page? She has brown hair, and speaks small like a woman. EVANS. It is that fery person fo
e yet? ANTONY. Alack, our terrene moon Is now eclips'd, and it portends alone The fall of Antony. CLEOPATRA. I must stay
it? Is this a man to traduce? Foul-mouthed doctor and slandered professor--such would be your respective roles! 
Well, I must do't. Away, my disposition, and possess me Some harlot's spirit! My throat of war be turn'd, Whi
here. GLOUCESTER. Well, Suffolk, thou shalt not see me blush Nor change my countenance for this arrest: A heart unspot
stion?' "Reginald Musgrave looked at me in astonishment. 'Now that you call it to my mind,' he answered, 'Brunton did ask 
nswer so? PAROLLES. Do; I'll take the sacrament on 't, how and which way you will. BERTRAM. All's one to him. What a past-saving slave is 
 piece of pains; My Lord Protector will, I doubt it not, See you well guerdon'd for these good deserts. DUCHESS. Not half so bad as thine to
ar my suit? FIRST LORD. And grant it. HELENA. Thanks, sir; all the rest is mute. LAFEU. I had rather be in this cho
Should reign among professors of one faith. GLOUCESTER. Beside, my lord, the sooner to effect And surer bind this 
arge room in which fifty workers were carving or moulding. The manager, a big blond German, received us civilly, and gave a clear answer to all Holme
ano and Gentlemen; Servants following with wine. CASSIO. 'Fore God, they have given me a rouse already. MONTANO. Goo
h' impression, plac'd it safely, The changeling never known. Now, the next day Was our sea-fight; and wha
red to without success--I can hardly explain it in any other fashion." "Well, certainly that is also a co
 keep Helen still; For 'tis a cause that hath no mean dependence Upon our joint and several dignities. TROILUS. Why, there you touc
ead. Sometimes it seemed impossible that he should fail to hear our approach. However, the man is fortunately ra
live but true unto his liege! Enter the QUEEN and SOMERSET KING HENRY. See, Buckingham! Somerset comes with th' Queen: Go, bid 
pis'd nobility, our issues, Whom, if he live, will scarce be gentlemen- Produce the grand sum of his sin
lands? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. O, Sir, I did not look so low. To conclude: this drudge or diviner laid claim to me; call'd me Dromio; sw
itors should, Plead your deserts in peace and humbleness. SATURNINUS. How fair the Tribune speaks to calm my tho
n my cousin? TROILUS. No, Pandarus. I stalk about her door Like a strange soul upon the Stygian banks Staying for waftage. O, be thou m
 soldiers CLIFFORD. Chaplain, away! Thy priesthood saves thy life. As for the brat of this accursed duke, Whose fa
 strokes and mortal-staring war. I, as I may-that which I would I cannot- With best advantage will deceive th
ny. MORTIMER. With silence, nephew, be thou politic; Strong fixed is the house of Lancaster And like a 
ength again, tarry; but away! Go to! Have you wisdom? So. [Pushes him out.] Lear. Now, my friendly knave, I thank thee. There's earnest of thy 
 Let me question more in particular. What have you, my good friends, deserved at the hands of Fortune that
tune live? GROOM. I was a poor groom of thy stable, King, When thou wert king; who, travelling towards York, With much 
rsuade you to take a lenient view of the matter, Lord St. Simon, I have brought an advocate here who may be more 
?" Holmes shook his head good-humouredly. "Great Scot!" cried the athlete. "Why, I was first reserve for England against Wales, a
 argosies Are richly come to harbour suddenly. You shall not know by what strange accident I chanced on this letter. ANTONIO. I a
g you hold dear to answer a few questions. We have always been friends. For God's sake, don't refuse t
han for dancing measures. DUKE SENIOR. Stay, Jaques, stay. JAQUES. To see no pastime I. What you woul
es by bloody drops? Enter ROSALIND, CELIA, and CORIN, at a distance PHEBE. I would not be thy executioner; I fly thee, for 
"Why, dear me, it sounds quite hollow!" he remarked, looking up in surprise. "I must really ask you to
arms Upon his party. KING RICHARD. Thou hast said enough. [To AUMERLE] Beshrew thee, cousin, which didst le
 cannot now accept. To grace him only, That thought he could do more, a very little I have yielded to; fresh embassies and suits, Nor from the state n
numbers, To-day might I, hanging on Hotspur's neck, Have talk'd of Monmouth's grave. NORTHUMBERLAND.
INTER. Certain. Alcibiades reports it; Phrynia and Timandra had gold of him. He likewise enrich'd poor straggling soldiers with great quantity. '
Wait close; I will not see him. CHIEF JUSTICE. What's he that goes there? SERVANT. Falstaff, an't please
ainst one Douglas, whoever he may be, residing as stated, a rich country gentleman. He is sure--'confidence' wa
o look'd after? CLAUDIO. Thus stands it with me: upon a true contract I got possession of Julietta's bed. You know the lady; she is 
 In most accepted pain. AGAMEMNON. Let Diomedes bear him, And bring us Cressid hither. Calchas shall have What he requests
nstrous habits put the graces That once were his, and is become as black As if besmear'd in hell. Sit by us; you 
st five miles, with something to show for it. Look at that!" He held out his hand. On the palm were three littl
 wrong'd Othello's service! Let him command, And to obey shall be in me remorse, What bloody business ever. They rise. OTHELLO. I greet
 the plain masonry, Till honour be bought up, and no sword worn But one to dance with. By heaven, I'
at a fly as Cassio. Ay, smile upon her, do; I will gyve thee in thine own courtship. You say true; 'tis so, indee
I should make four dozen of such bearded hermits' staves as Master Shallow. It is a wonderful thing to see the semblable cohe
mother's life, Or be ye not henceforth call'd my children. DEMETRIUS. This is a witness that I am thy son. [Stabs BASSIANUS] CHIRON. And t
 heart A root of ancient envy. If Jupiter Should from yond cloud speak divine things, And say ''Tis true,' I'
A huge translation of hypocrisy, Vilely compil'd, profound simplicity. MARIA. This, and these pearl, to me sent 
 of one or two trivial feats which I had performed. "'Come, now, Mr. Holmes,' said he, laughing good-humoredly. 'I'm an excellent subject, if you can de
 May soon return to this our suffering country Under a hand accursed! LORD. I'll send my prayers with him.
ing indescribably guilty about them. My wife had always been a woman of a frank, open nature, and it gave me a chill 
delicate, inflexible blade marked Weiss & Co., London. "This is a very singular knife," said Holmes, 
 [Knocking continues] By and by. I hope it is some pardon or reprieve For the most gentle Claudio. Enter
here is princely Richmond now? CHRISTOPHER. At Pembroke, or at Ha'rford west in Wales. STANLEY. What men of name resort to him? 
ruly, not; although, until last night, I have this twelvemonth been her bedfellow Leon. Confirm'd, con
; Beside, so qualified as may beseem The spouse of any noble gentleman. Let me embrace with old Vincentio; And wander we to
is chest. On it was printed, in bold straggling letters:-- "Twenty-nine days are given you for amendment, and t
. GLOUCESTER. And look to have it yielded with all kindness. Come, let us sup betimes, that afterwards We may digest our complots in some form. Exeu
 Well, as he says, we must each try our own way and see what comes of it. But there's something in Inspector Baynes 
 accept of ransom-yea or no? SUFFOLK. [Aside] Fond man, remember that thou hast a wife; Then how can Margaret be thy paramour?
ody burned.' "So you see our savage friend was very orthodox in his ritual. It is grotesque, Watson," Hol
 all even. Exeunt ROSALIND and CELIA DUKE SENIOR. I do remember in this shepherd boy Some lively touches of my daughter's favour. ORLANDO. My lord, the first time 
 let's have the first choice. Follow me, girls. Exit with DORCAS and MOPSA AUTOLYCUS. And you shall pay well for 
 is a timekeeper at Morton and Waylight's, in Tottenham Court Road. He has to be out of the house before seven. Wel
 counsel. QUEEN KATHARINE. How, sir? CAMPEIUS. Put your main cause into the King's protection; He's loving and most gracious. 'Twi
er seem receiv'd, my lord? CANTERBURY. With good acceptance of his Majesty; Save that there was not time enough to hear, As I
tors--they would undoubtedly have crippled our case." "There you are," said Holmes, smiling. "It was a dangerous, reckless attempt, in which I seem t
urself awhile; I'll go with you. Exeunt GLOUCESTER and BUCKINGHAM DERBY. We have not yet set down this day of triumph. To-morrow, in my ju
investigation which he had begun so brilliantly was quite incomprehensible to me. Not a word more could I draw from him until we were ba
ing establishment of Mapleton, which belongs to Lord Backwater, and is managed by Silas Brown. In every other direction the mo
 And, after many length'ned hours of grief, Die neither mother, wife, nor England's Queen! Rivers and Dorset, you were standers by, And
 as light as chaff, And good from bad find no partition. ARCHBISHOP. No, no, my lord. Note this: the King is weary Of
 daylight see; Now, go thy way. Faintness constraineth me To measure out my length on this cold bed. By day's approach lo
 on to the Welbeck Street crossing a two-horse van furiously driven whizzed round and was on me like a flash. I sprang fo
 or Dane, Low Dutch, Italian, or French, let him speak to me; I'll discover that which shall undo the Florentine. FIRST SOLDIER.
 the people Must have their voices; neither will they bate One jot of ceremony. MENENIUS. Put them not t
 the world, Else none at all in aught proves excellent. Then fools you were these women to forswear; Or, keeping what is swor
 their wealth on curtsies. TIMON. Now, Apemantus, if thou wert not sullen I would be good to thee. APEMANTUS
 they were, drench'd in the sea, hold, notwithstanding, their freshness and glosses, being rather new-dy'd, than stain'd with salt water. ANTONIO. If but one of his pockets could s
 to an entirely erroneous conclusion which shows, my dear Watson, how dangerous it always is to reason from insufficient data. The presence of the gipsies
 to join with you; For in the marches here we heard you were Making another head to fight again. EDWAR
 to leak or to have been broken, for a stream of dark-colored liquid had trickled out from it, and the air was heavy with a peculiarly pungent, tar-like odor. A set of steps stood at on
 to our royal person As is the sucking lamb or harmless dove: The Duke is virtuous, mild, and too well given To dream on evil or to work my downfall. QUEEN. Ah, what'
 to you." "We'll call a cab and go together. We shall just be in time to have a little breakfast with him.
 we have a few solid stepping-stones on which we may hope to get across to our solution." We had ascertained from the lady that she went down up
 winks; The bawdy wind, that kisses all it meets, Is hush'd within the hollow mine of earth, And will not hear it. What committed? Impudent strumpet! DESDEMONA. By heave
 worthy work perform'd By Caius Marcius Coriolanus; whom We met here both to thank and to remember With honours like himself. 
 you find ready and willing With one consent to have her so bestow'd; For curious I cannot be with you, Signior Baptista, of whom
 you shall answer me with your sword. IACHIMO. Your hand- a covenant! We will have these things set down by lawful counsel, and straight 
 you, Mr. Altamont of Chicago had no existence in fact. I used him and he is gone." "Then who are you?" "It is really immaterial 
"There is no object in our following them," said Holmes. "The shadow has departed and will not return. We must s
' "'It is very possible. We took no pains to hide it.' "'He simply wished, I should imagine, to refresh his 
I left Pondicherry Lodge, taking the old khitmutgar and Williams with me. Yesterday, however, I learn that an event of extreme importance has occurred. The treasure h
Mortimer. You are as slow As hot Lord Percy is on fire to go. By this our book is drawn; we'll but seal, And then to horse immediately. Mort. With all my hear
US. Shall no man else be touch'd but only Caesar? CASSIUS. Decius, well urged. I think it is not meet 
ain of thee, or no? ANGELO. He had, my lord, and when he ran in here, These people saw the chain about his neck. SECOND MERCHANT. Besides, I wil
and he burst into my consulting-room like a man who is mad with panic. "'Who has been in my room?' he cried. "'No one,' said I. "'It's a lie!' He yelled. 'Come up and look!' "I passed over
and that is there which looks With us to break his neck. Enter CORIOLANUS, MENENIUS and COMINIUS, with others SICIN
ave pluck'd my nipple from his boneless gums And dash'd the brains out had I so sworn as you Have done to this. MACBETH. If we should fail? LADY 
avens Fall on their heads like dew! for they are worthy To inlay heaven with stars. CYMBELINE. Thou weep'st
but possession of her with a touch- I dare thee but to breathe upon my love. THURIO. Sir Valentine, I care not for
door if our job is done, or hide behind these window curtains if it is not. Do you understand?" I nodded and stood by the door. My fi
e not me. HORTENSIO. God-a-mercy, Grumio! Then he shall have no odds. PETRUCHIO. Well, sir, in brief, the go
e, In recompense whereof he hath married her. How with a sportful malice it was follow'd May rather pluck on laughter than revenge, If that the injuries
ead masters, Killing them twice. O, give us leave, great King, To view the field in safety, and dispose Of their dead bodie
ep. Light boats sail swift, though greater hulks draw deep. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS 
ere unbruised youth with unstuff'd brain Doth couch his limbs, there golden sleep doth reign. Therefore
ery clerkly done. VALENTINE. Now trust me, madam, it came hardly off; For, being ignorant to whom it goes, I writ at random, very doubtfully. SILVIA. Perchance you think too much of s
etched animal heav'd forth such groans That their discharge did stretch his leathern coat Almost to bursting; and the big round tears Cours'd one another 
had formed of my companion's ability, but I saw by the Inspector's face that his attention had been keenly arous
had so much blood in him? DOCTOR. Do you mark that? LADY MACBETH. The Thane of Fife had a wife; where is she now? 
hat could not be bought? He will get at our secrets--maybe has got them already. There's only one sure cure." "That he never le
hat still would manage those authorities That he hath given away! Now, by my life, Old fools are babes again, and must be us'd With ch
hat too. A heavy summons lies like lead upon me, And yet I would not sleep. Merciful powers, Restrain in me the cursed thoughts that nature Gives way to in repose! Enter Macbe
he hands of a faker, and took the liberty of running him just as he was sent over." "My dear sir, you have done wonders. The horse looks 
her can be enjoy'd, If both remain alive. To take the widow Exasperates, makes mad her sister Goneril; And hardly shall
her that gave aim to all thy oaths, And entertain'd 'em deeply in her heart. How oft hast thou with perjury cleft the root! O Proteus, 
here." "Here! Where?" "In my company at the present moment." The Colonel flushed angrily. "I quite recognize that I am under obligation
hey be. I say, my lord, they have deserved death. GLOUCESTER. Then be your eyes the witness of their evil. Look how I am bewitch'd; behold, mine arm Is like
his hands. I had smoked two cigarettes before he moved. "Well, well," said he, at last. "It is, of course, possible that a cunning man might change the tyre of his bicycle in order to l
his life which must have sorely tried her patience. His incredible untidiness, his addiction to musi
ill start upon Tuesday, and I beg that you will have your jockey in readiness. Might I ask for a photograph of Mr. John Straker?" The Inspect
ing it to one side. A black hole yawned beneath into which we all peered, while Musgrave, kneeling at th
ing stalk of a moss-rose, looking down at the dainty blend of crimson and green. It was a new phase of his character to me, for I had never before seen h
ith you; next month with us. Gon. You see how full of changes his age is. The observation we have made of it hath not been little. He always lov'd our sister most, an
ldered, elderly man who had just stepped into the room. The window is a long French one, which really forms a door leading to t
ll sound as you do prompt mine ear; And I will stoop and humble my intents To your well-practis'd wise directions. And, Princes all, believe
me the whole business was still confused and grotesque. As I drove home to my house in Kensington I thought over it
o him straight. THERSITES. Let me carry another to his horse; for that's the more capable creature. ACHILLES. My mind is troubled, like a fountain stirr'd; And I myself see n
our noble son. ROSS. Your son, my lord, has paid a soldier's debt. He only lived but till he was a man, The which no so
our unthought of Harry chance to meet. For every honour sitting on his helm, Would they were multitudes, a
re was a lady in the case, and one who had expensive tastes. Liberal as you are with your servants, one
s I am a gentleman, I will. Leon. Brother-- Ant. Content yourself. God knows I lov'd my niece, And she is dead, slander'd to death by villains, That d
she should so dote on Signior Benedick, whom she hath in all outward behaviours seem'd ever to abhor. Be
t a medical board determined that not a day should be lost in sending me back to England. I was dispatched, accordingly, in 
ter judgments Of all opinion that grows rank in them That I am wise. I must have liberty Withal, as large a charter as the win
the battle, boy, and fly, Now thou art seal'd the son of chivalry? Fly, to revenge my death when I am dead: The help of one stands me in little stea
the general dependants as in the Duke himself also and your daughter. Lear. Ha! say'st thou so? Knight.
the last stroke that will bring them all to their knees." McMurdo thought long and deeply over the commission which ha
thee free, swor'st thou not then To do this when I bade thee? Do it at once, Or thy precedent services are all But accide
think of pure reason and its fruit? If the greengrocer had such a thing as a laurel wreath, I should send Billy round for it." I was
this hart, And this, indeed, O world, the heart of thee. How like a deer strucken by many princes Dost thou here lie! CASSIUS. Mark Antony- ANTONY.
tter; but let thine inherit first, for, I protest, mine never shall. I warrant he hath a thousand of these letters, writ with blank sp
usic in three Parts. LUCENTIO. Are you so formal, sir? Well, I must wait, [Aside] And watch withal; for, but I be deceiv'd, Our fine musician grow
was exceedingly pale and gave me the impression of a man who was suffering from some strong agitation, which it took all his strength of mind to control. "I am sorry to k
you hope to arrive at through this?" "At some evidence implicating Flora Millar in the disappearance." "I am afraid that you will find it difficult." "Are you, indeed, now?" cried L
. I was once before him for getting a wench with child. DUKE. Did you such a thing? LUCIO. Yes, marry, did I; but I w
N OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINO
S OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELEC
r allowed Godfrey a shilling in his life, for he is an absolute miser, but it will all come to him right
r as I can see it is just as tangled a business as ever I handled, and yet at first it seemed so simple that one could
e as black as I. SILVIA. How tall was she? JULIA. About my stature; for at Pentecost, When all our pageants
t as bravely as Titinius, And mayst be honor'd, being Cato's son. FIRST SOLDIER. Yield, or thou diest. LUCILIUS. Only
f at Philippi we do face him there, These people at our back. CASSIUS. Hear me, good brother. BRUTUS. Under your pardon. You must not
- in spite of nature, Of years, of country, credit, everything- To fall in love with what she fear'd to l
e is advis'd by aught To change the course. He's full of alteration And self-reproving. Bring his constant pleasure. [Exit an Officer.] Reg. Our sister's man is certainly miscarried. Edm. Tis to be d
s it not? Sher. Indeed, my lord, I think it be two o'clock. Exit [with Carrier]. Prince. This oily rascal is known as well as Paul's. Go call hi
s me life, Lend me a heart replete with thankfulness! For thou hast given me in this beauteous face A world of earthly blessings to my soul, If sympathy of love
, my good intent May carry through itself to that full issue For which I raz'd my likeness. Now, banish'd Kent, If thou canst serve
h stale tobacco-smoke. As he held out his hand to Holmes I perceived that it also was stained yellow with nicotine. "A s
s steps so narrowly, 'Twere good, methinks, to steal our marriage; Which once perform'd, let all the world say no, I'll keep mine own desp
r thee, O Imogen, even for whom my life Is every breath a death. And thus unknown, Pitied nor hated, to the face of peril Myself 
t there is no such man; for, brother, men Can counsel and speak comfort to that grief Which they themselves not feel; b
s to call a couple of river police, who were round the corner, but he seemed to have no heart in him, and he held out his h
u to do so now, for never in your life could you have a case which is more worthy of them." Sherlock Holmes had listened with the utmost intentness to th
d to lay my reverence by And, with grey hairs and bruise of many days, Do challenge thee to trial of a man. I say thou hast belied mine innocent child; Thy slander hath gone through
f you were a prince's son, Being pent from liberty as I am now, If two such murderers as yourselves came to you, Would not entreat for l
lace been reduced to such absolute ruin that, save some twisted cylinders and iron piping, not a trace remaine
pair that knows to court it With words, fair looks, and liberality? What, hast not thou full often struck a doe, And borne her cleanly by the keeper's nose? AARON. Why, then, it seems some certain sn
have rated my expense As I had leave of means. FLAVIUS. You would not hear me At many leisures I propos'd. TIMON. Go to; Perchance some single vantages you took When my indisposition pu
ad a large red face, with pendulous cheeks, and a general air of superficial benevolence which was marred by a cruel, v
me that ever I heard breaking of ribs was sport for ladies. CELIA. Or I, I promise thee. ROSALIND. But is there any else longs to see this b
me's Emperor. Andronicus, would thou were shipp'd to hell Rather than rob me of the people's hearts! LUCIUS. Proud Saturnine, int
what is he of basest function That says his bravery is not on my cost, Thinking that I mean him, but therein suit
There shall I rest secure from force and fraud. Come, therefore, let us fly while we may fly: If Warwick take us, we are 
 his conquest got First to my God and next unto your Grace. [Kneels] KING HENRY. Is this the Lord Talbot, uncle Gloucester
This news was brought to Richard but even now. The French fight coldly, and retire themselves. KING JOHN. Ay me, this tyrant fever burns me up And will not let me w
 his pow'rs. I must change arms at home and give the distaff Into my husband's hands. This trusty servant Shall pass between us. Ere
ting down by her] QUEEN MARGARET. [Coming forward] If ancient sorrow be most reverend, Give mine the benefit of seniory, And let my griefs frown on th
und to Rome; He bears too great a mind. But this same day Must end that work the ides of March begun. And whether we shall meet again I know not. Therefore our everlasting farewe
and, putting off his hat, said 'I will now take my leave of these six dry, round, old, withered knights.' It ang'red him to the heart; but he ha
ton substitution scandal it was of use to me, and also in the Arnsworth Castle business. A married woman grabs at her baby;
nough for a man to get through. "Hunter waited until his fellow-grooms had returned, when he sent a mes
Fournaye only returned from a journey to London on Tuesday last, and there is evidence to connect her with the crime at Westminster. A comparison of photograph
ore brain than I have in mine elbows; an assinico may tutor thee. You scurvy valiant ass! Thou art here but to thrash T
ase. Now merrily to horse. The thieves are scattered, and possess'd with fear So strongly that they dare not meet each other. Each takes his fellow for an officer. Away, good Ned. Falstaff swe
ester we mean Shall be transported presently to France. GLOUCESTER. And for the proffer of my lord your master, I have inform'd his 
0. New course (one mile and five furlongs). 1. Mr. Heath Newton's The Negro. Red cap. Cinnamon jacket. 2. Colonel Wardlaw's Pugil
ON OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJEC
TE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC
y. Your means abroad- You have me, rich; and I will never fail Beginning nor supplyment. IMOGEN. Thou art all the comfort The gods wil
nd expires- I do expect return Of thrice three times the value of this bond. SHYLOCK. O father Abram, what these Christians are, Whos
nd her humble love! SECOND LORD. No better, if you please. HELENA. My wish receive, Which great Love grant; and so I take my leave. LAFEU. Do all they deny her? An t
it is very sultry, as 'twere- I cannot tell how. But, my lord, his Majesty bade me signify to you that he has laid a great wager on your head. Sir, this is the matter- H
is no whipstock. My lady has a white hand, and the Myrmidons are no bottle-ale houses. AGUECHEEK. Excellent! 
ow of France; full of ambition, an envious emulator of every man's good parts, a secret and villainous contriver against me his natural brother. Therefore use thy discretio
ng them lightest that wear most of it; So are those crisped snaky golden locks Which make such wanton gambols with the wind 
me to time led a double existence. He intended to change his name altogether, draw this money, and vanish, starting life again elsewhere." "Well, t
n, your most renowned uncle. ADRIANA. Which of you two did dine with me to-day? ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. I, gentle
ES. I am so full of business I cannot answer thee acutely. I will return perfect courtier; in the which my instruction shall serve to natura
shall succour him; And as for Clarence, as my letters tell me, He's very likely now to fall from him For matching
France.' O monstrous treachery! Can this be so That in alliance, amity, and oaths, There should be found such false dissembling guile? KING HENRY. Wh
ened the door, who proved to be Mrs. Tangey's eldest daughter. Her mother had not come back yet, and we were shown 
ther, for a need. A woman's general; what should we fear? [A march afar off] EDWARD. I hear their drums. Let's set our men in order, And issue fort
Before, and greet his Grace. My lord, we come. Exeunt SCENE II. Another part of the forest Enter, from one side, MOWBRAY, attende
 what it doth bode God knows. DUCHESS. Tut, this was nothing but an argument That he that breaks a stick of Gloucester's grove S
n his pockets." "No ticket! Dear me, Watson, this is really very singular. According to my experience it is not pos
elightful measures. Grim-visag'd war hath smooth'd his wrinkled front, And now, instead of mounting barbed steeds To fright th
 time do you mean to come to London? 2. Car. Time enough to go to bed with a candle, I warrant thee. Come, neighbour Mugs, we'll call up the gentlemen. They will along wit
lding up the paper and returning it to our visitor. "And now you must on no account lose another instant. We cannot spare time even 
pillows from below their heads- This yellow slave Will knit and break religions, bless th' accurs'd, Make the hoar leprosy ador'd, place thieves And g
 How got they in, and be hang'd? MAN. Alas, I know not: how gets the tide in? As much as one sound cudgel of four foot-
'st thy life according. Thou'rt condemn'd; But, for those earthly faults, I quit them all, And pray thee
nswered. "I should not be surprised if that were he. I thought I heard a ring." It was, indeed, our friend the financier. I w
ION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. EL
sk, and hand them over to me personally to-morrow morning.' "I took the papers and--" "Excuse me an instant," said Holmes. "Were you alone during this conversation?" "Absolutely." "In a
 to him, for I have learned that he gave him Hatherley Farm rent free." "Indeed! That is interesting," said Holmes. "Oh, yes! In a hundred other ways he has helped him. Everybody abou
use if I had known it--not if you vere to pay me a hundred dollar a week." "What's wrong with the order? It's for charity and good 
ell in such a will most rank, Foul disproportion, thoughts unnatural. But pardon me. I do not in position Distinctly speak of h
ave in their own land beaten, bobb'd, and thump'd, And, in record, left them the heirs of shame. Shal
 it is feared, to a serious crime. Mr. Jonas Oldacre is a well-known resident of that suburb, where he has carried on his busin
nto it the plainer it becomes. Still, of course, one can't refuse a lady, and such a very positive o
ves me as dear as e'er my mother did, And would not, but in fury, fright my youth; Which made me down to throw my books, and fly- Causeless, perhaps. But pardon me, sweet aunt; And, madam,
ess of this man looks out of him; We'll hear him what he says. Whence are you? EGYPTIAN. A poor Egyptian, yet the Queen
ide of the upper lip, so that three teeth were exposed in a perpetual snarl. A shock of very bright red hair grew low over his eyes and forehead. "He's a beauty
nce of the hour, if it so hap.-Cheerly, good hearts!-Out of our way, I say. Exit GONZALO. I have great comfort from this fellow. Methinks he hath 
ing the window after them. It was quite a quarter of an hour before I got my mouth free. When I did 
 to them it most concerns; Nor would your noble mother for much more Be so dishonoured in the court of Rome. For shame, put up. DEM
are to hint as much to our specialist. It is a very easy complaint to imitate. I have done it myself." 
hem to relent That were unworthy to behold the same? KING HENRY. Lord Say, Jack Cade hath sworn to ha
ake you from home? How is it with you, my most fair Bianca? I'faith, sweet love, I was coming to your house. BIANCA. And I w
sit you down And let me wring your heart; for so I shall If it be made of penetrable stuff; If damned custom have not bra
the young lady held up her gloved hand to detain me. "If your friend," she said, "would be good enough to stop, he might be of inestimable service t
ou art forsworn: With mine own weakness being best acquainted, Upon thy part I can set down a story Of
n be thou jocund. Ere the bat hath flown His cloister'd flight, ere to black Hecate's summons The shard-bo
ince?" "There was this dreadful man, Woodley, if you can call him an admirer." "No one else?" Our fair 
edient stop! What counsel give you in this weighty cause? YORK. That Somerset be sent as Regent thither; 'Tis meet that lucky ruler be employ'd, Witness the for
, That it doth hate what gets it. Edg. Poor Tom 's acold. Glou. Go in with me. My duty cannot suffer T' obey in all your daughters' hard commands. Though their injunction be to bar my doors
. The rogues slighted me into the river with as little remorse as they would have drown'd a blind bi
Shall we to th' court? for, by my fay, I cannot reason. Both. We'll wait upon you. Ham. No such matter! I will not sort you with the rest
. And, were these inward wars once out of hand, We would, dear lords, unto the Holy Land. Exeunt SCENE II. Gloucest
l women. LEONTES. Go, Cleomenes; Yourself, assisted with your honour'd friends, Bring them to our embracement. Exeunt Still, 'tis strange He thus shou
l bred and of good name, That freely rend'red me these news for true. Enter TRAVERS NORTHUMBERLAND. Here comes my servant Travers, whom I se
l bring Their fiery torcher his diurnal ring, Ere twice in murk and occidental damp Moist Hesperus hath quench'd
ssistant be; For this alliance may so happy prove To turn your households' rancour to pure love. Rom. O, let us hence! I stand on sudden haste. Friar. W
of the lithe figure was quivering with strong emotion. "Well," said Milverton, "you've made me lose a good night's 
ld think of nothing save that he was running a tunnel to some other building. "So far I had got when we went to visit the scene of action. I surprised 
1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE W
 may as well push against Paul's as stir 'em. PORTER. How got they in, and be hang'd? MAN. Alas, I know not: how gets the tid
rain at half-past nine," said I, glancing over my Bradshaw. "It is due at Winchester at 11.30." "That will do very nicely. Then perhaps I had better postpone my analysis of the acetones
mn'd by Angelo. I, in probation of a sisterhood, Was sent to by my brother; one Lucio As then the messenger- LUCIO
 His card, which seemed too small to carry the weight of his academic distinctions, preceded him by 
 the court. YORK. [Aside] Scarce can I speak, my choler is so great. O, I could hew up rocks and fight with flint, I am so angry at t
ens, he says he is content. The warlike service he has done, consider; think Upon the wounds his body bears, which show Like graves i' th' holy churchyard. CORIOLANUS. Scratches with bri
 she is kindled. ORLANDO. Your accent is something finer than you could purchase in so removed a dwelling. ROSALIND. I have been told so of many; 
purn me with his foot, To call me goddess, nymph, divine, and rare, Precious, celestial? Wherefore speaks he this To her he hate
ells of mothers, maids, nor babes, Nor sight of priests in holy vestments bleeding, Shall pierce a jot. There's g
ance of pure water. The proportion of blood cannot be more than one in a million. I have no doubt, however, that we shall be able to obtain
'tis ours. Whom best I love I cross; to make my gift, The more delay'd, delighted. Be content; Your low-laid son our godhead will uplift; His comforts thrive, his tria
 one the other poisoned for my sake, And after slew herself. Alb. Even so. Cover their faces. Edm. I pant
 why the sepulchre Wherein we saw thee quietly inurn'd, Hath op'd his ponderous and marble jaws To cast t
Into the madness wherein now he raves, And all we mourn for. King. Do you think 'tis this? Queen. it may be, very like. Pol. Hath there been such a time- I would fain know that- That I
see, they bark at me. Edg. Tom will throw his head at them. Avaunt, you curs! Be thy mouth or black or white, Tooth that poisons if it bite; Masti
dost thou now fall over to my foes? Thou wear a lion's hide! Doff it for shame, And hang a calf's-skin on those recreant 
shed to be able to deny his signature if an action for breach of promise were instituted." "No, that was not the point. However, I shall write two lett
were to be forwarded to 226 Gordon Square; so thither I travelled, and being fortunate enough to find the loving couple at 
cted to wait. A short walk brought us to a secluded road fringed with pleasant houses, each standing in its own grounds. In the light of a street lamp we read "Laburnum Villa" 
K. I took him sleeping- that is finish'd too- And the Athenian woman by his side; That, when he wak'd, 
sper you, sweet sir! Exit CLOWN Your purse is not hot enough to purchase your spice. I'll be with you
, by your leaves, you shall not stay alone Till Holy Church incorporate two in one. [Exeunt.] <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKE
 nay, I bear it on my shoulders as beggar wont her brat; and I think, when he hath lam'd me, I shall beg 
utes." "How do you know that?" "Because the ash had twice dropped from his cigar." "Excellent! This is a colleague, 
DICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SU
I pray. TRANIO. I love no chiders, sir. Biondello, let's away. LUCENTIO. [Aside] Well begun, Tranio. HORTENSIO. Sir, a word ere you go. Ar
f the conventionalities of life could not teach me to know her sweet, brave nature as had this one day of s
 give some soil perhaps to my behaviors; But let not therefore my good friends be grieved- Among which number, Cassius, be you one- Nor construe any further my neglect Than t
rushed against our faces. Holmes had remarkable powers, carefully cultivated, of seeing in the dark. Still holding my hand in one of his he opened a d
nd renders back His figure and his heat. I was much rapt in this; And apprehended here immediately Th' unknown Ajax. Heavens, what a man is there! A very horse that has h
we were all silent for a while. There was something so methodical and so incomprehensible about the deeds of this unknown assassin, that it i
is mere request- Being come to knowledge that there was complaint Intended 'gainst Lord Angelo- came I hither To speak, as fr
s eyes, rouge over the cheek-bones, and crusts of beeswax round one's lips, a very satisfying effect can be produced. Malingering is a subject upon which I have sometimes thou
 flies. With Mars fall out, with Juno chide, That thy adulteries Rates and revenges. Hath my poor boy done aught but well, Whose face I 
ht That you have many enemies that know not Why they are so, but, like to village curs, Bark when their fellows do. By some of these Th
ach her the way. [Exit SERVANT] O heavens! Why does my blood thus muster to my heart, Making both it unable for itself And dispossessing all my other p
E. This discipline shows thou hast been in love. THURIO. And thy advice this night I'll put in practice; Therefore, sw
If this should ever happen, thou wouldst be horn-mad. Pedro. Nay, if Cupid have not spent all his quiver in Venice, 
d, thou liest. Within these forty hours Surrey durst better Have burnt that tongue than said so. SURREY. Thy ambition, Thou scarlet sin, robb'd this bewailing land Of noble Buckingham, my father-in-l
nothing of him by breakfast-time. On opening the Standard, however, I found that there was a fresh allu
st in those glimpses which I have occasionally given them of the thoughts and actions of a very remarkable man that they ar
about her To kiss and talk to. I'll have the work ta'en out, And give't Iago. What he will do with it Heaven knows, not I; I
t not thou horrible afeard? Thou being heir apparent, could the world pick thee out three such enemies again as that fiend Douglas, 
ave us, Publius, lest that the people Rushing on us should do your age some mischief. BRUTUS. Do so, and let no man a
or my courage must be deficient if I could not throw some further light upon these dark places. I had no 
s old ears deaf, Yet should both ear and heart obey my tongue. [To AEMILIUS] Go thou before to be our ambassador;
ittle he do feel it, set down sharply. Dispatch the most convenient messenger. When haply he shall hear that she is gone He will return; and hope
ts in him. He would be drunk too; that let me inform you. DUKE. You do him wrong, surely. LUCIO. Sir, I was an inwa
which my friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes was distinguished. In an incoherent and, as I deeply feel, an entirely inadequate fashion, I have endeavored to give some account of my strange 
hing, my lord, That my ability may undergo, And nobleness impose. At least, thus much: I'll pawn the little b
risis of a play. A flush of colour sprang to Holmes's pale cheeks, and he bowed to us like the master dramatist who receives t
nment shall shame us we will be justified in our loves; for indeed- CAMILLO. Beseech you- ARCHIDAMUS. Verily, I speak it in the freedom of my knowledge: we cannot with s
 been started. But it did not lead very far. Your eyes flashed across to the unframed portrait of Henry Ward Beecher which stands
ng of the kind." "You have nothing to add then, which could assist me?" Mortimer Tregennis considered earnestly for a moment. "There is one t
twixt the constant red and mingled damask. There be some women, Silvius, had they mark'd him In parcels as I did, would have gone near To fall in love with him; b
 will think that every one is off on the wrong scent." "What are we to do, then?" I asked, as we landed near Millbank Penitentiary. "Take this hansom, dr
happy to look into it. Have you been able to trace any connection between the missing boy and this German 
woman to your lord; You and you are sure together, As the winter to foul weather. Whiles a wedlock-hymn we sing, F
e him unless he voluntarily resigned his membership of the club and promised not to play cards again. It is unlikely that a youngster like Adair would at once make a hideous sc
k how we can, or sad or merrily, Interpretation will misquote our looks, And we shall feed like oxen at a
 I am well acquitted of. PORTIA. Sir, you are very welcome to our house. It must appear in other ways than words, 
 face you would not take me so easily." "Where's your warrant?" asked McGinty. "By Gar! a man might as well live in Russia a
tened." "In a vague way, yes." "What was your idea, then?" "It seemed to me to be obvious that this Greek girl had been carried off by the young Englishman named Harold La
lse hand cut the wedding-ring, And break it with a deep-divorcing vow? I know thou canst, and therefore see 
rthy and cold hand of death Lies on my tongue. No, Percy, thou art dust, And food for- [Dies.] Prince. For worms,
ost dear actors, eat no onions nor garlic, for we are to utter sweet breath; and I do not doubt but to hear them say it i
 player, boxer, and swordsman. 12. Has a good practical knowledge of British law. When I had got so far in my list I threw it into the fire in despair. "If I can only
ir eyes, Before I speak, too threat'ningly replies. Love make your fortunes twenty times above Her that so wishes, and her h
nd, Lest rest and lying still might make them look Too near unto my state. Therefore, my Harry, Be it thy course to busy giddy minds With foreign quarrels, that action, hence borne out, May was
 was his emotion, that I felt sincerely sorry for him, while the two detectives smiled derisively, by no means displeased at this check which he had met. "It can't be a coincidence,"
 be gone from hence immediately. ARRAGON. I am enjoin'd by oath to observe three things: First, never to unfold to any one Which casket 'twas I chose; next
at his fen Makes fear'd and talk'd of more than seen- your son Will or exceed the common or be caught Wi
leness the parts that thou shouldst bear: Mark how one string sweet husband to another, Strikes each in eac
, that I have not lived wholly in vain," he remarked. "If my record were closed to-night I could still survey it with equanimity. The air of London is the sweeter for my presence. In over a th
l better publish his commendation.' Enter PORTIA for BALTHAZAR, dressed like a Doctor of Laws DUKE OF VE
SPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PER
o more Than an unstringed viol or a harp; Or like a cunning instrument cas'd up Or, being open, put into his hands That knows no touch to tune the har
MPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF IL
l seem as light as chaff, And good from bad find no partition. ARCHBISHOP. No, no, my lord. Note this: the King is weary Of dainty a
r play at push-pin with the boys, And critic Timon laugh at idle toys! Where lies thy grief, O, tell me, good D
e been at your club all day, I perceive." "My dear Holmes!" "Am I right?" "Certainly, but how?" He laughed at my bewildered expression. "There is a delightful
oo far in his virtue, which he hath not, he might at some great and trusty business in a main danger fail you. BERTRAM. I would I knew in what particular
o, for my peculiar end. For when my outward action doth demonstrate The native act and figure of my hea
or two of ginger, but that I may beg; four pound of prunes, and as many of raisins o' th' sun. AUTOLYCUS.
he arm of peace. WESTMORELAND. This will I show the general. Please you, lords, In sight of both our battles we may meet; And
 money there with which to pay off the brokers." "She has at least an answer for everything. Did you ask
I dare thereupon pawn the moiety of my estate to your ring, which, in my opinion, o'ervalues it something. But I make my wager rather 
e, but there is no hurry. Let us walk," said he. "Don't drop the instruments, I beg. Your arrest as a suspicious character woul
s, but there was in him a certain wanton and cruel humour which made his name a byword through the West.
- With this thin helm? Mine enemy's dog, Though he had bit me, should have stood that night Against my fire; and wa
he was young you woo'd her; now in age Is she become the suitor? LEONTES. O, she's warm! If this be magic, let it be an art Lawful as eating. POLIXENES. She embraces hi
, what youth is that, Of whom you seem to have so tender care? SOMERSET. My liege, it is young Henry, Earl of Richmond. KING HENRY. Come hither, England's hope. 
th. Stand no more off, But give thyself unto my sick desires, Who then recovers. Say thou art mine, and ever My love as it begins shall so persever. DIA
 him, and ran thus: "Please await me. Terrible misfortune. Right wing three-quarter missing; indispensable to-morrow. Overton." "Strand post-mark
ng voice. So tell him, with th' occurrents, more and less, Which have solicited- the rest is silence. Dies. Hor. Now cracks a noble heart. Good 
es, and had hardly concluded it by the time that we reached our destination. "Poor devil!" he said, commiseratingly, 
quisite Than lady, ladies, woman. From every one The best she hath, and she, of all compounded, Outsells them all. I love her therefore
. If he had seen it, it would have gone hard with me. But I read suspicion in his eyes. Please burn the cipher message, which can now be of no use to you. "Fred Porlock." Holmes sat fo
e present of it. The older man is showing documents which are of evident value. A passing tramp sees them through the window,
ures were gravely set, but there was a light in his eye which made me think that he had not been disappoin
insincere laughter. "All very fine, Mr. Holmes," said he. "But there is one little flaw in your splendid theory. I was myself in my room, and I
miseries. On such a full sea are we now afloat, And we must take the current when it serves, Or lose our ventures. CASSIUS. Then, with your will, go on; We'll along ourselve
NIA. Then I must be thy lady; but I know When thou hast stolen away from fairy land, And in the shape of Cori
 I having ta'en the forfeit. Whereupon- Methinks I see him now- POSTHUMUS. [Coming forward] Ay, so thou dost, Italian fiend! Ay me, most credulous fool, Egreg
, walking up to me, 'which will, I hope, be a sufficient fee. But remember,' he added, tapping me lightl
el. "None as yet. But the affair is a pretty one, one of our little country crimes, which must seem too small for yo
I am more better Than Prospero, master of a full poor cell, And thy no greater father. MIRANDA. More to know Did never meddle with my thoughts. PROSPERO. 'Tis
. The other clothes would have followed, but at that moment there was a rush of constables up the stair, and a few
ng on our driving boat, I saw your brother, Most provident in peril, bind himself- Courage and hope both teaching him the practice- To
handkerchief and glanced at Mrs. Rucastle to find her eyes fixed upon me with a most searching gaze. She said
uld not have Charlington Hall for the summer. I was just too late. It had been let about a month ago. Mr. Williamson was
am. Get thee to a nunnery! Why wouldst thou be a breeder of sinners? I am myself indifferent honest,
ock but as an intellectual problem. And, first, as to how it came here. It arrived upon Christmas morning, in company with a good fat goose
to look at the cabinet behind me. When I turned again Sherlock Holmes was standing smiling at me across my study table. I rose to my feet, stared at him for some seconds in utter amazement, and the
e to be congratulated," I remarked, considerably surprised at his enthusiasm. "There was the case of Von Bischoff at Frankfort last year. He would certainly have been hung had t
ment as he gazed from Sir Henry to me. "What are you doing here, Barrymore?" "Nothing, sir." His agitation was so great that he could hardly speak, and the shadows sprang 
So long in his unlucky Irish wars That all in England did repute him dead- And from this swarm of fair advantages You took occasion to be quickly w
uor. If it should thunder as it did before, I know not where to hide my head. Yond same cloud cannot choose but fall by pail
im into my room. I remember nothing until I found myself lying on my bed trembling all over. Then I thought of you, Mr. Holmes. I could not live there longer without
dispose of him. King. With all my heart. Prince. Then brother John of Lancaster, to you This honourable bounty shall belong. Go to the Douglas and delive
comfort shall we find The sharded beetle in a safer hold Than is the full-wing'd eagle. O, this life 
h more, than he unfolds. IAGO. [Returning.] My lord, I would I might entreat your honor To scan this thing no further; leave it to time. Though it be fit that Cassio have his
egained the lower room once more. "My dear Watson, try a little analysis yourself," said he, with a touch of impatience. "You know my methods. Apply them, and 
me into the earth. It seem'd in me But as an honour snatch'd with boist'rous hand; And I had many living to upbraid My gain of it by their assistances; Which
 fog in them That I cannot look through. Away, I prithee; Do as I bid thee. There's no more to say; 
 think, they have already order This night to play before him. Pol. 'Tis most true; And he beseech'd me to entreat your Majesties To hear and see the matter. King
risoner to the Bishop here, at whose hands He hath good usage and great liberty; And often but attended with weak guard Comes hunting this way to disport himself. I have ad
against you months ago. I had been told that if the King employed an agent it would certainly be you. And your addr
ula]. [Beatrice advances from the arbour.] Beat. What fire is in mine ears? Can this be true? Stand I condemn'd f
," he said cordially. "I was afraid that you were engaged." "So I am. Very much so." "Then I can wait in the next room." "
And great affections wrestling in thy bosom Doth make an earthquake of nobility. O, what a noble combat hast thou fough
hand! Have you a cab?" "Yes, I have one waiting." "Then I shall go in it. But I must owe something. Find what I owe, Watson. I am all off c
 You are a 'good old sport,' 'quite a decent fellow for a German,' a hard-drinking, night-club, knock-about-
 incense him to, being apt To have his ear abus'd, wisdom bids fear. Corn. Shut up your doors, my lord: 'tis a wild night. My Regan counsels well. Come out o' th' storm. [Exeunt.] <<THIS ELE
you were stopped on the stair by Mr. Barker?" "It may have been a couple of minutes. It is so hard to reckon time a
tful where a noble heart Hath pawn'd an open hand in sign of love; Else might I think that Clarence, Edward's brother, Were 
by staring at it. What did you find in his pockets?" "We have it all here," said Gregson, pointing to a litter of objects upon one of the bottom steps
EEN. Whither goes Vaux so fast? What news, I prithee? VAUX. To signify unto his Majesty That Cardinal Beaufort 
heir master. "You can imagine from what I say that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives. No servant would st
 Now let the general trumpet blow his blast, Particularities and petty sounds To cease! Wast thou ordain'd, dear father, To lose thy 
ory: But thou contracted to thine own bright eyes, Feed'st thy light's flame with self-substantial fuel, Making a famine whe
dangerous to me. To Aufidius thus I will appear, and fight. LARTIUS. Now the fair goddess, Fortune, Fall deep in lov
t, Brutus, are you stirr'd so early too? Good morrow, Casca. Caius Ligarius, Caesar was ne'er so much your enemy As that same ague
om creep Of that same noble prelate well-belov'd, The Archbishop. Hot. Of York, is it not? Wor. True; who 
blood in him. HERMIONE. What is this? Sport? LEONTES. Bear the boy hence; he shall not come about her; Away with him; and 
sists As if his life lay on 't. HELENA. Why then to-night Let us assay our plot; which, if it speed, Is wicked meaning 
. "There is much that is still obscure, though I have quite made up my mind on the main facts. As to poor Lestrade's discovery it was simply a blind
cimen of manhood as ever passed through it. He was a very tall young man, golden-moustached, blue-eyed, with a ski
. I know not, Menas, How lesser enmities may give way to greater. Were't not that we stand up against them all,
 line to the station. The bridge, no doubt, was too crowded, even on such a night, for their purpose. Well, Watson, we shall see who will wi
gly that they dare not meet each other. Each takes his fellow for an officer. Away, good Ned. Falstaff sweats to death And lards the lean earth as he walks along. Were't no
uestions to an inconvenient extent I asked him casually to what type Frankland's skull belonged, and so heard nothing but cran
e desire to see what was going on behind my back. At first it seemed to be impossible, but I soon devised a means. My h
fe place you have bestow'd my money, Or I shall break that merry sconce of yours, That stands on tricks when I am undispos'd. Whe
here? Do you put tricks upon 's with savages and men of Ind? Ha! I have not scap'd drowning to be afeard now of your four legs; for it hath be
father's." "Both of your lamps were lit, of course?" "Undoubtedly." "There are some very singular points here," said Holmes, smiling. "Is it not extraordi
eed so pace To speak of Perdita, now grown in grace Equal with wond'ring. What of her ensues I list not prophesy; but let Time's news
or pity and a hand Open as day for melting charity; Yet notwithstanding, being incens'd, he is flint
nantry, and no practice had In the brave squares of war. Yet now- no matter. CLEOPATRA. Ah, stand by! EROS. The Queen, my lor
y, who gave it thee? LUCETTA. Sir Valentine's page; and sent, I think, from Proteus. He would have given it you; but I, being in the way, Did i
 surveyed the moor out of our window." "It certainly did cross my mind that it might be a little dull--less for you, perhaps
let us hear it for there are several points on which I must confess that I am still in the dark." "I will soon make it clear to you," said she; "and I'd have done so before no
th Between their births. LEONTES. Prithee no more; cease. Thou know'st He dies to me again when talk'd of. Sure, When I shall see this gentlem
rd you were Making another head to fight again. EDWARD. Where is the Duke of Norfolk, gentle Warwick? And when came George from Burgundy to England? WA
emed nothing. Cleopatra, catching but the least noise of this, dies instantly; I have seen her die twenty times upon fa
y what thou art; Why I should yield to thee. CLOTEN. Thou villain base, Know'st me not by my clothes? 
r else thou diest to-morrow. CLAUDIO. Thou shalt not do't. ISABELLA. O, were it but my life! I'd throw it down for your deliverance As frankly a
 of smoking a cigar. He never returned. At twelve o'clock Barrymore, finding the hall door still open, be
ricks, some quillets, how to cheat the devil! DUMAIN. Some salve for perjury. BEROWNE. 'Tis more than need. Have at you, then, affectio
. "'I thought you were the brokers,' said she, 'we have had some trouble with a tradesman.' "'That's not quite good enough,' answere
veying your prisoner to a place of safety. This room is not well adapted for a cell, and Mr. Patrick Cairns occupies too large a proportion of our carpet." "Mr. Holmes," said Hopkin
vage beast, hunger, thirst, fatigue, and disease--every impediment which Nature could place in the way--had all been overc
stonecutter or a painter could not have made him so ill, though he had been but two hours at the trade. Corn. Speak yet, how grew your quarrel? Osw. This ancien
1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. 
C VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE 
Pinkerton affair is settled up. We can't afford to set the police buzzing, to-day of all days." "True for you," said McGinty. "And we'll learn from Birdy Edwards himself wher
e morning he spent in town, and I learned from a casual reference that he had visited the British Museum. Save fo
 to court it With words, fair looks, and liberality? What, hast not thou full often struck a doe, And borne her cleanly by the keeper's nose? AARON. Why, then, it se
l genius, no doubt; but he was by no means such a phenomenon as Poe appeared to imagine." "Have you read Gaboriau's works?" I asked. "Does Lecoq come up to your idea of a 
en To men of middle age. Y'are very welcome. CAMILLO. I should leave grazing, were I of your flock, And only live by gaz
He is but outside; these pencill'd figures are Even such as they give out. I like your work, And you s
g be; And the blots of Nature's hand Shall not in their issue stand; Never mole, hare-lip, nor scar, Nor mark
shment at the sight of her; but my emotions were nothing to those which showed themselves upon her face when our eyes met. She seemed for an instant to wish to shrink back insi
ver, from the inquest that there were some objects which you failed to overlook?" The young inspector winced at my companion's iro
d each of them had twenty times their power, All these could not procure me any scathe So long as I am loyal, true, and cri
, Dromio, there's the money; bear it straight, And bring thy master home immediately. Come, sister; I am
approvers they are people such That mend upon the world. Enter IACHIMO PHILARIO. See! Iachimo! POSTHUMUS. T
at do you think of this, Watson?" he asked, tossing it across. It was from Norwood, and ran as follows: "Important fresh evidence to 
he turned up an entry in his note-book. "I spent a morning in the British Museum reading up on that and other points. Here is a quotation from Eckermann's Voodooism a
BERON. Do you amend it, then; it lies in you. Why should Titania cross her Oberon? I do but beg a little changeling boy To be my henchman. TITANIA.
ance] For you, great King, I would not from your love make such a stray To match you where I hate; therefore beseech 
my assistance." He tossed over, as he spoke, a crumpled sheet of foreign notepaper. I glanced my eyes down it, catching a
nd. His hand was on my throat and my senses were nearly gone before an unshaven French ouvrier in a blue blouse darted o
ave for this one excursion, he spent his days in long and often solitary walks, or in chatting with a number of village gossips whos
 to glancing a little more closely into details." My friend insisted upon my accompanying them in their e
nt weakening of all authority. The deceased was an American gentleman who had been residing for some weeks in the Me
enue leading up to it. There was excellent wild-duck shooting in the fens, remarkably good fishing, a small but select library, taken over, as I understood, from a former occupant, and a tolerable co
h' sun. Conception is a blessing, but not as your daughter may conceive. Friend, look to't. Pol. [aside] How say you by 
; Pernicious Protector, dangerous peer, That smooth'st it so with King and commonweal. GLOUCESTER. What, Cardinal, is your priesthood grown peremptory? T
h culminated in unexpected tragedy. It is true that the circumstances did not admit of any striking illustration of those powers for which my friend was famous, 
ou had rather be at a breakfast of enemies than dinner of friends. ALCIBIADES. So they were bleeding new, my lord, there's no meat like 'em; I could w
zzling, just as a commonplace face is the most difficult to identify. But I must be prompt over this matter." "What are you going to do, then?" I asked. "To
I knew thy grandsire, And once fought with him. He was a soldier good, But, by great Mars, the captain of us all, Never like thee. O, let an old m
 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION
lown down, and, as they say, Lamentings heard i' the air, strange screams of death, And prophesying with accents terrible Of dire combustion and confused e
ll entreat for thee. Kent. Pray do not, sir. I have watch'd and travell'd hard. Some time I shall sleep out, the rest I'll whistle. A good man's fortune may grow out at heels. Gi
sion there himself next day, but could find no trace of Achmet. This seemed to him so strange that he spoke
im Were he in favor as in humor alter'd. So help me every spirit sanctified, As I have spoken for you all my best And stood within the blank of his displeasure For my free
God knows, in torment and in agony. KING RICHARD. And came I not at last to comfort you? DUCHESS. No, by the holy rood, 
e anchor'd in thine eyes; And I, in such a desp'rate bay of death, Like a poor bark, of sails and tackling reft, Rush all to pieces on thy rocky bosom. KIN
ow, but it is sure that this is the only possible exit. "His absence was discovered at seven o'clock on Tues
ens defend me from that Welsh fairy, lest he transform me to a piece of cheese! PUCK. Vile worm, thou wast o'erlook'd even in thy birth. FAIRY QUEEN. With tria
e unmov'd! no marvel though she pause: They can be meek that have no other cause. A wretched soul, bruis'd with adversity, We bid be quiet when we hear
ng, Prince of Wales, Lord John of Lancaster, Sir Walter Blunt, Falstaff. King. How bloodily the sun begins to
 that part of nature Which my lord paid for be of any power To expel sickness, but prolong his hour! Exit SCENE II. A public place Enter Lucius, with three STRANGER
 out on to the moor. There were indications that Sir Charles had stood for some little time here. He then proceeded dow
giv'n unto the house of York such head As thou shalt reign but by their sufferance. To entail him and his h
ly 'gainst the French; Use mercy to them all. For us, dear uncle, The winter coming on, and sickness growing Upon our sold
ul!" cried the Colonel. "Wonderful! You might have been there!" "My final shot was, I confess a very long one. It
song; upon their sight We two in great amazedness will fly. Then let them all encircle him about, And fairy-like, to pinch the unclean kni
ake strong themselves by ill. So, prithee, go with me. Exeunt. SCENE III. A park near the palace. Enter three Murtherers. FIRST M
nt; But in these nice sharp quillets of the law, Good faith, I am no wiser than a daw. PLANTAGENET. Tut, tut, here is a mannerly forbearance: The
idus!' And threats the throat of that his officer That murd'red Pompey. ENOBARBUS. Our great navy's rigg'd. EROS. For Italy and Caesar. More, Domitius: My lord
be brought to bear upon a business man. Besides, remember that she had resolved to use it within a few days. It mus
onors in a wary distance, The very elements of this warlike isle, Have I tonight fluster'd with flowing cups
e! So, get you gone. If this penetrate, I will consider your music the better; if it do not, it is a vice in her ears which horsehairs and calves' guts, no
e, Willing you to demand your hostages, And they shall be immediately deliver'd. FIRST GOTH. What says our general? LUCIUS. Aemilius, let the Emperor give his pledges Unto my 
 and teach yourselves that duty! DORSET. Dispute not with her; she is lunatic. QUEEN MARGARET. Peace, Master Marquis, you are malapert; Your fire-new stamp of honour is scarce curren
t SCENE II. A room of state in TIMON'S house Hautboys playing loud music. A great banquet serv'd in; FLAVIUS and others a
wise woman. MARIA. Marry, and it shall be done to-morrow morning, if I live. My lady would not lose him for more than I'll say. MALVOLIO. How now, mistress! M
? GRIFFITH. None, madam. KATHARINE. No? Saw you not, even now, a blessed troop Invite me to a banquet; whose bright faces Cast thousand beams upon me, like 
N. First, all you peers of Greece, go to my tent; There in the full convive we; afterwards, As Hector's leisure and your bounties shall Concur toge
LARTIUS stand bare May these same instruments which you profane Never sound more! When drums and trumpets shall 
te the meads, Confounds thy fame as whirlwinds shake fair buds, And in no sense is meet or amiable. A woman mov'd is like a fountain troubled- Muddy, i
nows if one her women, being corrupted Hath stol'n it from her? POSTHUMUS. Very true; And so I hope he came by't. Back my ring. Render to me some corporal sig
uld, Therefore accept such kindness as I can. Dorset your son, that with a fearful soul Leads discontented steps in foreign soil
u peruse this letter. Pardon me, madam; I have unadvis'd Deliver'd you a paper that I should not. This is
ur bags. This way, gentlemen, if you please." He was a very bustling and genial person, this Sussex detective. In ten minutes we had all found our quarters
curred through my disregard for your instructions. I assure you my cheeks flushed at the very thought. It might not even now be too late to overtake him
 fellow here, Lord Timon, this thy creature, By night frequents my house. I am a man That from my first have been inclin'd to thrift, And my estate dese
 stairs, "she seems to be a young lady who is very well able to take care of herself." "And she would need to
rt not what th'art sure of! Get thee hence. The merchandise which thou hast brought from Rome Are all too dear for me. Lie
member, with advantages, What feats he did that day. Then shall our names, Familiar in his mouth as household words- Harry the King
 Yes, I gather there has been violence, and that the body is left for our inspection. A mere suicide w
 sense assumes- Ajax employ'd plucks down Achilles' plumes. NESTOR. Now, Ulysses, I begin to relish thy advice; And I will 
erstand; but why print? Printing is a clumsy process. Why not write? What would it suggest, Watson?" "That he desired to conceal his handwriting." "But w
SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BE
NIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH P
 yourselves To unpath'd waters, undream'd shores, most certain To miseries enough; no hope to help y
got in. How could it be that if it had gone twelve miles over heavy roads?" "Indeed, it is a likely ruse enough," observed Bradstreet thoughtfully. "Of course there can be no doubt
e. I traced her! I am a dangerous man to fall foul of! See here." He stepped swiftly forward, seized the poker, and bent it into a curve with his hug
aid, caused him to study it himself, with some rather far-reaching consequences. He is a very methodical person, and I d
s there are in London? Some people think that a fly in it is a sign. Well, he must have been disturbed in his mind to leave a pipe behind him which he evidently values highly." "How
arther off, my gracious lord, Than this weak arm. Discomfort guides my tongue, And bids me speak of nothing but despair. One day too late, I fear me, noble lor
ny. I think of as many matters as he; but I give heaven thanks, and make no boast of them. Come, warble, come
s from bias of nature; there's father against child. We have seen the best of our time. Machinations, hollowness, treachery, and all ruinous disor
n. In March of that year Dr. Moore Agar, of Harley Street, whose dramatic introduction to Holmes I may some day recount, gave positive inju
a while All the best men are ours; for 'tis ill hap If they hold when their ladies bid 'em clap. THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC V
ccurring at the time of an uncancelled appointment which was only known to him. However, both of them were under his influence, and he h
e moon Upon the water as he'll stand and read, As 'twere my daughter's eyes; and, to be plain, I think there is not half a kiss to choose Who 
nt, Without the which we are Pictures or mere beasts; Last, and as such containing as all these, Her brother is in secret come from France; And wants n
ve, And try the argument of hearts by borrowing, Men and men's fortunes could I frankly use As I can bid thee speak. FLAVIUS. Assurance ble
d just now, there has been no crime committed, and no harm done save the loss of a goose, all this seems to b
his I know- they have demean'd themselves Like men born to renown by life or death. Three times did Richard
isper close to my ear, and found that he had managed to cut an opening in the board which separated us. "'"Hullo, chummy!" said he, "what's your n
ness, ready to throw in all my weight at a critical moment." "But why keep me in the dark?" "For you to know could not have he
 I can give you a whole-souled answer. I am sure they do. But your more deadly proposition is not so clear. Let us for a moment 
k'd; I pray you tell me your remedy. ROSALIND. There is none of my uncle's marks upon you; he taught me how to know a man in love; i
s lodger of yours, Mrs. Warren." "I don't see how that is to be managed, unless you break in the door. I
th! my lord, Their clothes are after such a pagan cut to't, That sure th' have worn out Christendom. Enter SIR THOMAS LOVELL How now? What ne
. O Villain, thou hast stol'n both mine office and my name! The one ne'er got me credit, the other mi
in the board which separated us. "'"Hullo, chummy!" said he, "what's your name, and what are you here for?" "'I a
hile For the supply and profit of our hope, Your visitation shall receive such thanks As fits a king's remembrance. Ros. 
indow, so that I became consumed with the desire to see what was going on behind my back. At first it seemed to be impossible, but I 
SOMERSET. What are they that fly there? WARWICK. Richard and Hastings. Let them go; here is the Duke. KING EDWARD. T
ody finger he doth wear A precious ring that lightens all this hole, Which, like a taper in some monument, Doth shine upon the dead man's earthy cheeks, And shows the
trongly marked German accent. "I told you that I would call." He looked from one to the other of us, as if uncertain which to address. "Pray take
eir vehement instigation, In this just cause come I to move your Grace. GLOUCESTER. I cannot tell if to depart in silence Or bitterly to s
nt I thought that it was an accident; but a moment later, looking up, I saw a man's head against the darkening sky, and another s
orders about them from the master." "No, McMurdo? You surprise me! I told my brother last night that I should b
fur, completed the impression of barbaric opulence which was suggested by his whole appearance. He carried a broad-brimmed h
lmes inspected them all minutely. Finally, on the top corridor, which ran outside three untenanted bedrooms, he again was seized with a spasm of merriment. "There are really some very unique feat
THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY
an to answer in a catechism. ROSALIND. But doth he know that I am in this forest, and in man's apparel
is a cripple in the sense that he walks with a limp; but in other respects he appears to be a powerf
NAL. My Lord of Buckingham, if my weak oratory Can from his mother win the Duke of York, Anon expect him 
now--nothing of Whitehall Terrace. Only we know of both events, and can trace the relation between them. There is one obvious point wh
." "No signs of any mental excitement? Come, Miss Westbury, be absolutely frank with us." The quick eye of my companion had not
ad a glimpse of a number of paper packets, each tied, sealed, and inscribed. Holmes picked one out, but it was hard to read by the flickering fire, an
acquaintance of this isle? Honey, you shall be well desired in Cyprus; I have found great love amongst them. O my sweet, I prattle out of f
s waved away the compliment, though his smile showed that it had pleased him. "Was there any feature of interest?" "I fanc
 thing seems to me to be deeper and more inexplicable. How, for example, could you describe with such confidence the wooden-legged man?" "Pshaw, my dear boy! it was simpl
 HELENA. Nor you, mistress, Ever a friend whose thoughts more truly labour To recompense your love. Dou
w, Licio, to you. Good master, take it not unkindly, pray, That I have been thus pleasant with you both. HORTENSIO. [To LUCENTIO] You may go walk and give me leave awhile; My lessons make no m
ring, so. We'll try with tongue too. If none will do, let her remain; but I'll never give o'er. First, a very excellent good-conceited thing; after, a wonder
th this place I lead espous'd my bride along with me. TAMORA. And here in sight of heaven to Rome I swear, If Saturn
ey wall; I fear I am attended by some spies. EGLAMOUR. Fear not. The forest is not three leagues off; If we recover that, we are sure enough. Exeunt
re gave audience, As 'tis reported, so. MAECENAS. Let Rome be thus Inform'd. AGRIPPA. Who, queasy with his insolence Already, will their g
 in your silent judgment tried it, Without more overture. LEONTES. How could that be? Either thou art 
take the basest and most poorest shape That ever penury, in contempt of man, Brought near to beast. My face I'll grime with fil
minal, and that we must construct our case for ourselves without any help from them. That is the mission which now lies b
rdered certain in itself. She that herself will sliver and disbranch From her material sap, perforce must wither And 
-rash, provok'd with raging ire, Albeit my wrongs might make one wiser mad. This woman lock'd me out this day 
worked out in this fashion: .M .ERE ..E SL.NE. "Now the first letter can only be A, which is a most useful discovery, since it occurs no fewer than three tim
Count Claudio did mean, upon his words, to disgrace Hero before the whole assembly, and not marry her. Dog. O villain! thou wilt be condemn'd into everlasting redemption 
 bring him round myself; then he couldn't slip away. There he is, all safe and sound. I must go now, Doctor; I have my dooties, just the same as you." A
work. All was in keeping with a solemn butler who appeared framed in the pink radiance of a tinted electrical light behind him. "Yes, Mr. Culverton Smith is in. Dr. Watson! Very good, sir, I will t
past. Here in a clearing upon the green slope of a hill stood a long, low stone house, approached by a curving drive running t
id Jones with a stare and a snigger. "Well, would you please, sir, march upstairs, where we can get a cab to carry your Hig
soms I commit him; But yet, alas, stood I within his grace, I would prefer him to a better place! So farewell to you both. Gon. Prescribe not us our duties. 
gment! Osr. A hit, a very palpable hit. Laer. Well, again! King. Stay, give me drink. Hamlet, this pearl is thine; Here's to thy health. [Drum; trumpets sou
USE. No, he's in Tartar limbo, worse than hell. A devil in an everlasting garment hath him; One whose hard heart is button'd up with steel; A fi
f mine- Being now awake, I'll queen it no inch farther, But milk my ewes and weep. CAMILLO. Why, how now, father!
e reputed son of Coeur-de-lion, Lord of thy presence and no land beside? BASTARD. Madam, an if my brother had my shape A
kiah Hopkins, of Lebanon, Pennsylvania, U. S. A., there is now another vacancy open which entitles a member of the League to a salary of £4 a week for purely nominal services. All r
ce set a dish of apple-johns before him, and told him there were five more Sir Johns; and, putting off his hat, said 'I will now take my leave of these
 able to give of his ancestors were not encouraging. The idea of some ghastly presence constantly haunted him, and on more than one 
tle shivering of his eyelids, which showed a thin white slit of ball beneath. "It has been touch and go with him," said I, "but he'll liv
y see: Return of love, more blest may be the view. Or call it winter, which being full of care, Makes 
 in. The idea of murder was not in her mind, or she would have provided herself with some sort of weapon, instead of having to pick this
 good will is show'd, though't come too short, The actor may plead pardon. I'll none now. Give me mine angle- we'll to th' river. There, My music playing far 
ou know. I am sorry that Miss Sutherland has troubled you about this little matter, for I think it is far better not to wash linen of the sort in 
The people at the inn were alert all night, awaiting his coming, and one or other of them seems to have continually had a
l and justly; therefore, madam, It's fit this royal session do proceed And that, without delay, their arguments Be now produc'd
d. But though they jump not on a just account- As in these cases, where the aim reports, 'Tis oft with 
religion; but they made me a criminal among them. I was chosen for a job. If I backed down I knew well what would come 
ves, wherever they are gone, That youth is surely in their company. FREDERICK. Send to his brother; fetch that gallant hither. If he be absent, bring hi
o give advice to poor folk who were in need of it, I came right away to you." "And you did very wisely," said Holmes. "Your case is an exceedingly remarkable one, and I 
ws better how to tame a shrew, Now let him speak; 'tis charity to show. Exit SCENE II. Padua. Before BAPTISTA'S h
hts from east to west And cull their flower, Ajax shall cope the best. AGAMEMNON. Go we to council. Let Achilles sleep. Light boats sa
 frutify unto you- GOBBO. I have here a dish of doves that I would bestow upon your worship; and my suit is- LAUNCELOT. In very
orn to tis in your younger enterprise. King. These things, indeed, you have articulate, Proclaim'd at market crosse
rsed in death, Have burst their cerements; why the sepulchre Wherein we saw thee quietly inurn'd, Hath op'd his ponderous and marble jaws To
 work." "I had a conscience and a religion; but they made me a criminal among them. I was chosen for a job. If I backed down I knew we
ant To scourge th' ingratitude that despiteful Rome Cast on my noble father. CAESAR. Take your time. ANTONY. Thou canst not fear
my love excuse the slow offence, Of my dull bearer, when from thee I speed, From where thou art, why s
sness to prevent it, he wished that he, too, was lying with the old farmer in his last silent resting-
EXT. Truly, she must be given, or the marriage is not lawful. JAQUES. [Discovering himself] Proceed, pr
D ATHENIAN. This fellow here, Lord Timon, this thy creature, By night frequents my house. I am a man That from my first have been inclin'd to thrift, And my estate deserves an heir more ra
e some wandering eagle, had perched himself four years before. They stood with their heads close together, talking in low, confidential
e gods To look that way thou wert. LEONTES. Go on, go on. Thou canst not speak too much; I have deserv'd All tongues to talk their bitt'rest. FIRST LORD. Say no more; Howe'er the busine
e air of a man who is lost in thought, while I sat beside him, curious to learn what this new quest might be which seemed to tax his powers so sorely, and yet afraid 
the matter? Does he rave? MARIA. No, madam, he does nothing but smile. Your ladyship were best to have so
 "What! Old Frankland the crank?" "Exactly. She married an artist named Lyons, who came sketching on t
 chid, and rated at, And the offender granted scope of speech, 'Twill make them cool in zeal unto your Grace. SUFFOLK. Hath he not
nt, Omitting the sweet benefit of time To clothe mine age with angel-like perfection, Yet hath Sir Proteus, for
 some of those abstruse chemical investigations which absorbed him utterly as long as he was engaged upon them. Towards evening, however, the break
y, millstones; as he lesson'd us to weep. CLARENCE. O, do not slander him, for he is kind. FIRST MURDERER. Right, as snow in harvest. Come, you deceive 
AESAR. Bravest at the last, She levell'd at our purposes, and being royal, Took her own way. The manner of their deaths? I do not see
ouen, And will be partner of your weal or woe. BURGUNDY. Courageous Bedford, let us now persuade you. BEDFORD. Not to be gone from hence; for once I read That stout Pendragon in his litter sick
ave made of it hath not been little. He always lov'd our sister most, and with what poor judgment he hat
ry walks which he undertook alone, returning after many hours without remark as to where he had been. One experiment served to show m
have no vigour in them. FERDINAND. So they are; My spirits, as in a dream, are all bound up. My father's loss, the 
the noble Duke my father. Yet touch this sparingly, as 'twere far off; Because, my lord, you know my mother lives. B
t I so; See me no more whether he be dead or no. Exit DEMETRIUS. There is no following her in this fierce v
ch hath flaw'd the heart Of all their loyalties; wherein, although, My good Lord Cardinal, they vent reproaches Most bitterly on you as putte
ful days! Why, then, let grievous, ghastly, gaping wounds Untwine the Sisters Three! Come, Atropos, I say! HOSTESS. Here's goodly stuff toward! FALSTAFF. Give me my rapier, boy. DOLL. I pray
tranger. "Well then," said he, "my real name is James Ryder." "Precisely so. Head attendant at the Hotel Cosmopolitan
"You've hit it there, pard," the young hunter answered. "I have a respect for you, but if you were alone in this business I
t baby you see there is not yet out of his swaddling clouts. Ros. Happily he's the second time come to them; for they say an old man is 
eves, wherever they are gone, That youth is surely in their company. FREDERICK. Send to his brother; fetch t
 not dishonour to approach The imperial seat, to virtue consecrate, To justice, continence, and nobility; B
so very a fool to be married to hell? HORTENSIO. Tush, Gremio! Though it pass your patience and mine to endure her loud alarums, why, man, there be good
nnot but yield you forth to public thanks, Forerunning more requital. ANGELO. You make my bonds still greater. DUKE. O, your desert speaks loud; and I should wrong it To lock it in the
alse! Exit QUEEN. Son, I say, follow the King. CLOTEN. That man of hers, Pisanio, her old servant, I have not seen these two da
ss sad? ROSALINE. Help, hold his brows! he'll swoon! Why look you pale? Sea-sick, I think, coming from Muscovy. BEROWNE. Thus pour the stars down plagues for 
s he should stand in fear of fire, being burnt i' th' hand for stealing of sheep. CADE. Be brave, then, 
r. You understand me- over and beside Signior Baptista's liberality, I'll mend it with a largess. Take your paper too, And let me have them very well perfum'd; For she is sweete
are these? Some heavy business hath my lord in hand, And I must know it, else he loves me not. Hot. What, ho! [Enter a Servant.] Is Gilliams with t
ing; "but since, as you said just now, there has been no crime committed, and no harm done save the loss of a goose, all this seems t
his mind, or what freak had caused him to desire that I should recount it; but I hasten, before another cancelling telegram m
of breeding, The certainty of this hard life; aye hopeless To have the courtesy your cradle promis'd, But to be still ho
ger and mortification. "Wait a little," he said. "You go too fast. We would certainly make every effort to avoid scandal in so delicate a matter." Milverton relapsed into his chair. "I
heart. YORK. Will not this malice, Somerset, be left? SOMERSET. Your private grudge, my Lord of York, will out, Though ne'er so cunningly you smother it. K
d some alteration in good-will? What's here? [Reads] 'I have, upon especial cause, Mov'd with compassion of my country's wreck
es grow, And with what danger, near the heart of it. WARWICK. It is but as a body yet distempered; Which to his former strength may be restored With good advice and little medicine. My Lor
Ere I could make thee open thy white hand And clap thyself my love; then didst thou utter 'I am yours for ever.' HERMIONE. 'Tis Grace indeed. Why, lo you now, I have spoke to th' 
 their passbooks are compressed diaries. She banks at Silvester's. I have glanced over her account. The last check but 
is it not? Well, you have to be blooded some time. It will be a great start for you. As to the pistol, y
ot be more than thirty feet down. I clambered out upon the sill, but I hesitated to jump until I should have heard what passed between my
s forth, and speaks to COSTARD] PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Speak, brave Hector; we are much delighted. ARMADO. I do adore thy sweet Grace's slipper. BOYET. [Aside
ympathy in years, manners, and beauties- all which the Moor is defective in. Now, for want of these required conveniences
dge stand together there is no power in the United States that can touch them. Sure, have we not tried it of
IAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELE
nd of the wood; There is our captain; we'll follow him that's fled. The thicket is beset; he cannot 'scape. FIRST OUTLAW. Come, 
OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY P
l this?" "It is as clear as daylight," I answered. "I regret the injustice which I did you. I should have had 
 predict that I in heaven find. But from thine eyes my knowledge I derive, And constant stars in them I read such art As truth and beauty shall together t
reason; If not, my senses, better pleas'd with madness, Do bid it welcome. CAMILLO. This is desperate, sir. FLORIZEL. So call it; but it does fulfil my vow: I needs
 If this be so, the gods do mean to strike me To death with mortal joy. PISANIO. How fares my mistress? IMOGEN. O, get thee from my sight; Thou gav'st me poison. Dangerous fellow, hence! Breat
 Mycroft one of the queerest men. He's always there from quarter to five to twenty to eight. It's six now, so if you care for a stroll this 
er by Berkeley, to discover What power the Duke of York had levied there; Then with directions to repair to Ravenspurgh. NORTHUMBERL
 I am very glad to see you, signior; Welcome to Cyprus. LODOVICO. I thank you. How does Lieutenant Cassio? IAGO. Lives, sir. DESDEMON
, "if I thought you were playing any game on us, it would be short work for you." "This is a strange welcome," McMurdo answe
t to have ta'en you at the Porpentine; The chain unfinish'd made me stay thus long. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. What is your will that I shall do
t a trifle more, I fancy, Watson. And in practice again, I observe. You did not tell me that you intended to go i
y friends. DUKE. Thou shalt not be the worse for me. There's gold. CLOWN. But that it would be double-dealing,
t I could accuse me of such things that it were better my mother had not borne me. I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious; with more offences at my beck than I have though
is ready. How near is our master? GRUMIO. E'en at hand, alighted by this; and therefore be not- Cock's passion, silence! I hear my m
f we put something over his face he will be safe until morning." And so it was arranged. Resisting Stapleton's offer of hospitality, Holmes and I set off to 
realize my meaning when I said that this man may be taken as being quite on the same intellectual plane as myse
bjects slain, His statutes cancell'd, and his treasure spent; And yonder is the wolf that makes this spoil. You fight 
ANT AUFIDIUS. Do they still fly to th' Roman? LIEUTENANT. I do not know what witchcraft's in him, but Your soldiers use him as the grace fore meat, Their
warp my mind, would I not then have found something more definite to go upon? Of course I should. Sit down on th
 captivates! But that thy face is visard-like, unchanging, Made impudent with use of evil deeds, I would assay, proud queen, to make thee blush. 
e, what, ho! Enter one with water Where's my spaniel Troilus? Sirrah, get you hence, And bid my cousin Ferdinand come hither: Exit SERVINGMAN
ECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENB
rom Troy. PARIS. There is no help; The bitter disposition of the time Will have it so. On, lord; we'll follow you. AENEAS. Good morrow, all. Exit w
their lives That by indictment and by dint of sword Have since miscarried under Bolingbroke. WESTMORELAND. You speak, Lord Mowbray, now you know n
 not, lest ye be forsworn again. LONGAVILLE. What says Maria? MARIA. At the twelvemonth's end I'll change my black gown for a fait
ng. Occasionally in our rambles we came across Inspector Baynes. His fat, red face wreathed itself in smiles and his small eyes glittered as he greeted my companion. He said little about the case, 
nd, I found that it came from the silver cigarette-case which he used to carry. As I took it up a sm
n Capulet!- Hold me not, let me go. M. Wife. Thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe. Enter Prince Escalus, with his Train. Pri
l I also wear in my cap; if ever thou come to me and say, after to-morrow, 'This is my glove,' by this hand I will take thee a box on the ear. KING HENRY. If 
an find occasion of revenge. Exit KATHERINA BAPTISTA. Was ever gentleman thus griev'd as I? But who comes here? Enter GREMIO, with LUCENTIO in the habit of a mean man; PE
 brother, and by that our foe. RIVERS. These news, I must confess, are full of grief; Yet, gracious madam, bear it as you may: Warwick may lose tha
s pipe down upon the mantelpiece. "Yes," said he, "there is no better way of approaching it. The situation is desperate, but not hopeless. Even now, if we could be sure which of them
 a villager Than to repute himself a son of Rome Under these hard conditions as this time Is like to lay upo
 Once more, fare you well. ANGELO. The heavens give safety to your purposes! ESCALUS. Lead forth and bri
. "Whatever have you been doing with yourself, Watson?" he asked in undisguised wonder, as we rattled through the crowded London streets. "You ar
ld be pleased if you would come and stay with me at Holdernesse Hall." "I thank your Grace. For the purposes of my invest
my daughter tell you how. Claud. She did indeed. Pedro. How, how, I pray you? You amaze me. I would have though
 His present and your pains we thank you for. When we have match'd our rackets to these balls, We will in France, by God's grace, play a set Shall strike his fa
ay) whirlwind of your passion, you must acquire and beget a temperance that may give it smoothness. O, it offends me to the soul to hear a 
unes' leave, and yours, good people, I may be heard, I would crave a word or two; The which shall turn you to no further harm Than so much loss of time. SICINIUS. Speak bri
a sudden leaving, a breaking of old ties, a flight into a strange world, ending in this dreary valley, and Ettie listened, her dark eyes gl
GERS LUCIUS. Who, the Lord Timon? He is my very good friend, and an honourable gentleman. FIRST STRANGER. We know him for no less, though we are but strangers to him. But I 
INGMEN with TRANIO, BIONDELLO, and GRUMIO, bringing in a banquet LUCENTIO. At last, though long, our jarrin
 system which enabled me to find John Warner, late gardener of High Gable, sacked in a moment of temper by his imperious employer. He 
ch. It was unlike anything in the vicarage garden. Only when my attention had been drawn to Dr. Sterndale and h
xit DEMETRIUS. There is no following her in this fierce vein; Here, therefore, for a while I will remain. So sorrow's heaviness
I mean. O, how this villainy Doth fat me with the very thoughts of it! Let fools do good, and fair men call for grace: Aaron will have his soul black lik
 and heart-subduing silence. It has been said there is nothing appertaining to life upon the broad plain. Tha
I dare call nothing trivial when I reflect that some of my most classic cases have had the least promising commencement. You will remember, Watson, 
I say. GRUMIO. Knock, sir! Whom should I knock? Is there any man has rebus'd your worship? PETRUCHIO
st corner, and cocked the pistol in my pocket, determined not to discover myself until I had an opportunity of seei
e subject. Turn over those papers and arrange the extracts in their order of time, while I take a glance as to who our client is." He picked a red-covered volume from a line of books of r
here, seen everything, a brilliant talker, and a man of great personal beauty. Yet when I think of him in c
PYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC
 to Rome, or else To foreign princes, 'Ego et Rex meus' Was still inscrib'd; in which you brought the King To be your servant. SUFF
BOT. Dare ye come forth and meet us in the field? PUCELLE. Belike your lordship takes us then for fools, To try if that our o
oclaim One honest man- mistake me not, but one; No more, I pray- and he's a steward. How fain would I have hated all mankind! And thou redeem'st thyself. Bu
s guest. "Some of my papers have gone," said he. "When my wife and the household left yesterday for Flushing they t
eg As, in reproof of many tales devis'd, Which oft the ear of greatness needs must bear By, smiling pickthanks and base newsmongers, I m
have unclasp'd To thee the book even of my secret soul. Therefore, good youth, address thy gait unto her; Be not denied access, stand at her do
 years ago. Since then I have of course had the Hurlstone estates to manage, and as I am member for my district as well, my life has been a busy one. But I understand, Holmes, that you are t
n, I am sure that they are very heartily at your service." THE MUSGRAVE RITUAL An anomaly which often struck me in the cha
have come at last to be a law to myself. So it was even now. I determined that the fate which he had given to 
ned. I braved him to do his worst. We were to meet at the pool midway between our houses to talk it over.
e of a peck, hilt to point, heel to head; and then, to be stopp'd in, like a strong distillation, with stinking c
 LUCIO] Now, sir, to you. MARIANA. O my good lord! Sweet Isabel, take my part; Lend me your knees, and all my life to come I'll 
plough'd for, sow'd, and scatter'd, By mingling them with us, the honour'd number, Who lack not virtue, no, nor power, but that Which they have give
t honour which shall bate his scythe's keen edge, And make us heirs of all eternity. Therefore, brave conquerors- for so you are That war against yo
in cunning, I have no judgement in an honest face. I prithee, call him back. OTHELLO. Went he hence now? DE
 to read philosophy, And while I pause serve in your harmony. HORTENSIO. Sirrah, I will not bear these braves of thine. BIANCA. Why, gentlemen, you do me double wrong To strive for that 
ry cheer indeed Till all the Andronici be made away. Now will I hence to seek my lovely Moor, And let my spleenful sons this trull deflower. Exit Re-enter AARON, with two of TITU
s, sir. Such a thing has never happened during the many years that I have been here. I nearly fainted,
th merry march bring home To the tent-royal of their emperor; Who, busied in his majesty, surveys The singing mason
re upon record, Would it not shame thee in so fair a troop To read a lecture of them? If thou wouldst, T
am Place I told your Majesty. KING HENRY. And those occasions, uncle, were of force; Therefore, my loving lords, our pleasure is That Richard be restored to his blood. WARWIC
 a cheetah is just a big cat, and yet a saucer of milk does not go very far in satisfying its wants, I daresay. There 
OPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC A
ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AN
en he shall endure The like himself. Therefore give me no counsel. My griefs cry louder than advertisement.
 murder was not in her mind, or she would have provided herself with some sort of weapon, instead of having to pick this knife off the writing-table. She advanced alo
oung And fitter is my study and my books Than wanton dalliance with a paramour. Yet call th' ambassadors, and, as you please, So let them have their answers every one. I shall be well co
r. I have a gammon of bacon and two razes of ginger, to be delivered as far as Charing Cross. 1. Car. God's body! the turkeys in my pannier are quite starv
y. There's a brace of pistols for every mother's son of us, and if we can't carry this ship, with the crew at ou
 As seek to soften that- than which what's harder?- His jewish heart. Therefore, I do beseech you, Make no moe offer
ed me to undermine the Duchess, And buzz these conjurations in her brain. They say 'A crafty knave does need no broker'; Ye
tegrity ne'er knew the crafts That you do charge men with. Stand no more off, But give thyself unto my sick desires, Who then recovers. Say thou art mine, and ever My love as it begins shall so per
KATHERINA. Go, get thee gone, thou false deluding slave, [Beats him] That feed'st me with the very name o
 forgot my prayers to content him, And am I thus rewarded? 'Tis not well, lords. Bring me a constant woman to her husband, One th
ht, and he appears to me to be a perfectly reliable person. That blocks this end. We have now to deal with the other. There 
en do from fifteen to twenty sheets in a day." "You have made your position very clear to me," said Holmes. "This is my friend, Dr. Watson, be
allible; to-morrow you must die; go to your knees and make ready. CLAUDIO. Let me ask my sister pardon. I am so out of love with life that I will sue to be rid of it. DUKE. Hold yo
 KING. 'Twere good yours did; for, sir, to tell you plain, I'll find a fairer face not wash'd to-day. BEROWNE. 
n it ere he had it. When are you married, madam? Hero. Why, every day to-morrow! Come, go in. I'll show thee some attires, and have thy counsel Which is the best to furnish me t
 advertisement in all the evening papers. If this fail, I shall have recourse to other methods." "What will you say?" "Give me 
ody hence, and more thy grace; Leave gormandizing; know the grave doth gape For thee thrice wider than for other men- Reply not to me with a fool-
ave not made it clear what was Colonel Moran's motive in murdering the Honourable Ronald Adair." "Ah! my dear Watson, there we come into those realms of conjecture
ighter as we go. What do you think, Miss Holder?" "I confess that I still share my uncle's perplexity
ing together, If that the former dare but what it can, No chance may shake it. Give me grace to lay My duty on your hand. CLEOPATR
he sea-side, browsing of ivy. Good luck, an't be thy will! What have we here? [Taking up the child] Mercy on's, a barne! A
ered. In half an hour we won't be able to see our hands in front of us." "Shall we move farther back upon higher ground?" "Yes, I thin
I do not think there are any insuperable difficulties. Still, it is an error to argue in front of your data.
em be receiv'd, Not without fair reward. Exit SERVANT FLAVIUS. [Aside] What will this come to? He com
 honour's at the stake; which to defeat, I must produce my power. Here, take her hand, Proud scornful boy, unworthy this good gift, That dost in vile misprision 
? Give her the bastard. [To ANTIGONUS] Thou dotard, thou art woman-tir'd, unroosted By thy Dame Partle
nd blood, You, brother mine, that entertain'd ambition, Expell'd remorse and nature, who, with Sebastian- Whose inward pinches therefore are 
uch a rein, in full as proud a place As broad Achilles; keeps his tent like him; Makes factious feasts; rails on our state of war Bold as an oracle, and sets Thersites, 
n fewer offices, or at least desist To build at all? Much more, in this great work- Which is almost to pluck a kingdom down And set another up- should we survey The plot of situati
. Your breath first kindled the dead coal of wars Between this chastis'd kingdom and myself And brought in
, Mrs. Warren! what news do you bring us this morning?" Our client had suddenly burst into the room with an explosive energy which told of some new and momentous development. "It's a po
as she speaks, why, their hearts were yours; For they have pardons, being ask'd, as free As words to little purpose. VOLUMNIA. Prithee now, Go, and be rul'd; although I
fence. DUCHESS. Why then, I will. Farewell, old Gaunt. Thou goest to Coventry, there to behold Our cousin Hereford and fell Mow
rief. Ah, Humphrey, this dishonour in thine age Will bring thy head with sorrow to the ground! I beseech yo
nce of a peck, hilt to point, heel to head; and then, to be stopp'd in, like a strong distillation, with stinking clothes that fre
he. "You don't mean to say that you came after me in spite of all?" I explained everything to him: how I h
leasant old person." "It certainly did that. But what are your alternatives?" "I could mention several. You must
TIO. Here, madam: 'Hic ibat Simois, hic est Sigeia tellus, Hic steterat Priami regia celsa senis.' BIANCA. Construe them.
GENTLEMAN. Let's stand close, and behold him. BUCKINGHAM. All good people, You that thus far have come to pity me, Hear w
 had never before seen him show any keen interest in natural objects. "There is nothing in which deduction is so necessary as in religion," said he, leaning with his back against th
ughter, I confess that I am old. [Kneels.] Age is unnecessary. On my knees I beg That you'll vouchsafe me raiment
r daughter, But rather lose her to an African; Where she, at least, is banish'd from your eye, Who hath cause to wet the
my friend, "by sitting upon five pillows and consuming an ounce of shag. I think, Watson, that if we drive to Baker Street we shall just be in 
, and their passbooks are compressed diaries. She banks at Silvester's. I have glanced over her account. The
g-in for one man. And then to scape drowning thrice, and to be in peril of my life with the edge of a feather-bed-here ar
ou not set mine honour at the stake, And baited it with all th' unmuzzled thoughts That tyrannous heart can think? To one of your recei
S ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE
ee not. SIR TOBY. To him in thine own voice, and bring me word how thou find'st him. I would we were well rid of this knavery. If he may be conveniently deliver'd, I 
s on the Rialto? Who is he comes here? Enter ANTONIO BASSANIO. This is Signior Antonio. SHYLOCK. [Aside] How like a fawning publican he looks! I hate him for he is a Ch
anctity as the touch of holy bread. CELIA. He hath bought a pair of cast lips of Diana. A nun of winter's sisterhood ki
age, that cry raised the sleepers from their beds. It struck cold to our hearts, and I stood gazing at Holmes
peating. "We'll have the pressmen down like flies when they understand it. I'm hoping we will get our work done 
e indrench'd. I tell thee I am mad In Cressid's love. Thou answer'st 'She is fair'- Pourest in the open ulcer of my heart- Her 
SCARUS. Let us score their backs And snatch 'em up, as we take hares, behind. 'Tis sport to maul a runner. ANTONY. I will reward thee Once for thy sprightly comfort, and t
n act of violence on their part. If they give us time we must have them." "But how can we find where this house lies?" "Well, if our conj
ountain pines To wag their high tops and to make no noise When they are fretten with the gusts of heaven; You m
 time. Why on earth, then, should any criminal send her the proofs of his guilt, especially as, unless she is a m
lly very good of you to come, Watson," said he. "It makes a considerable difference to me, having someone with me o
 shall return before your lordship thence. HASTINGS. Nay, like enough, for I stay dinner there. BUCKINGHAM. [Aside] And supper too, although thou knowest it not.- Come, will you go? HAS
. I do but stay till your marriage be consummate, and then go I toward Arragon. Claud. I'll bring you thither, my lord, if you'll vouchsafe me. Pedro. 
mistress? By'r Lady, your ladyship is nearer to heaven than when I saw you last by the altitude of a chopine. Pray God
s. The local surgeon, an old, white-haired man, had just come down from Mrs. Hilton Cubitt's room, and he reported t
mes other reckonings. Which is the lady I must seize upon? Ant. This same is she, and I do give you her. Claud. Why then, she's 
to aggravate the note, With a foul traitor's name stuff I thy throat; And wish-so please my sovereign-ere I move, What my tongue speaks, my right drawn swo
ping uncle, To keep his daughter company; whose loves Are dearer than the natural bond of sisters. But I can tell you that of late this Du
e could not; And so his peers, upon this evidence, Have found him guilty of high treason. Much He spoke, and le
onquest come from Poland, To the ambassadors of England gives This warlike volley. Ham. O, I die, Ho
ther Warwick; And will, no doubt, shortly be rid of me. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Poor heart, adieu! I pity thy complaining. ANNE. No more than with my soul I mourn for yours. DORSET. Farewell, tho
welcome one. I pondered over our short conversation, however, and endeavoured to draw my deductions from it. He sai
esh. BASTARD. And doth beget new courage in our breasts. ALENCON. Pucelle hath bravely play'd her part in t
Why her 'unhappy brother'? Let me ask The rather, for I now must make you know I am that Isabella, and his sister. LUC
r for this time, sir, and my name is Dromio. DROMIO OF EPHESUS. O Villain, thou hast stol'n both mine office and
nger, to be delivered as far as Charing Cross. 1. Car. God's body! the turkeys in my pannier are quite starved. What, ostler! A plague on thee! hast thou never an ey
d been granted to him by the Red King. This was destroyed by fire in 1543, and some of its smoke-blackened corner stones were used when, in Jacobean ti
ody. KING HENRY. That is to see how deep my grave is made; For with his soul fled all my worldly sola
st's opinion. I claim no credit in such cases. My name figures in no newspaper. The work itself, the pleasure of finding a field for
 purpose, Which being so horrible, so bloody, must Lead on to some foul issue. We all kneel. LEONTES. 
land's King! YORK. We thank you, lords. But I am not your king Till I be crown'd, and that my sword be stain'd With 
 part of life Must be the mistress to this theoric; Which is a wonder how his Grace should glean it, Since h
aling! When I desir'd their leave that I might pity him, they took from me the use of mine own house, charg'd me on pain of perpetual 
ector Lestrade." "And you don't want your name to appear?" "Not at all. The work is its own reward. Perhaps I shall get the credit also at some distant day when I pe
r Laid any scruple in your way which might Induce you to the question on't, or ever Have to you, but with thanks to God for such A roya
y are foul ones. WOLSEY. So much fairer And spotless shall mine innocence arise, When the King knows my truth. SURREY. This cannot s
mmer beauty kiss'd each other. A book of prayers on their pillow lay; Which once,' quoth Forrest 'almost chan
r loving care; And had I not been cited so by them, Yet did I purpose as they do entreat; For sure my thoughts do hourly prophesy Mischance unto my state b
le. I am much indebted to you for directing my attention to this case, Mr. Soames. Where does that door lead to?" "To
way so high a hope, that even Ambition cannot pierce a wink beyond, But doubt discovery there. Will you grant with me That Ferdinand is drown'd? SEBASTIAN. He's gone. 
ould hear a dull humming and buzzing noise which proceeded from the same source. "Why," I cried, "you have an aortic aneurism!" "That's what they call it,"
little flower; Lamenting some enforced chastity. Tie up my love's tongue, bring him silently. Exeunt SCENE II. Another part of the wood Enter
ace, time, fortune, do cohere and jump That I am Viola; which to confirm, I'll bring you to a captain in thi
e of her eye has motion in't, As we are mock'd with art. PAULINA. I'll draw the curtain. My lord's almost so far transported that He'll think anon it l
ll acquit him well. Your brother is but young and tender; and, for your love, I would be loath to foil hi
 cause. ACHILLES. Dost thou entreat me, Hector? To-morrow do I meet thee, fell as death; To-night all friends. HECTOR. Thy h
IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE C
 Your Honours' pardon. I had rather have my wounds to heal again Than hear say how I got them. BRUTUS. Sir, I hope
HIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETE
Why, thou knowest I am as valiant as Hercules; but beware instinct. The lion will not touch the true pri
LAFEU. I would it were not notorious. Was this gentlewoman the daughter of Gerard de Narbon? COUNTESS. His sole child, my lord, and bequea
eath knife, the handle of which bore copious traces of recent blood. "That's all right," said Lestrade, as we parted. "Hil
he deserves it; for if there be a kind woman in Windsor, she is one. You must send her your page; no remedy. FALSTAFF. Why, I will. QUICKLY. Nay, but do so then; and, look you, he may
s sepulchre? What mean these masterless and gory swords To lie discolour'd by this place of peace? [Enters the tomb.] Romeo! O, pale! Who 
to-night. I have wired to Overton to let us know any fresh London developments at this address, and in the 
y, dusty little rooms, uncarpeted and uncurtained, into which he led me. I had thought of a great office wi
 Nothing so certain as your anchors, who Do their best office if they can but stay you Where you'll be loath to be. Besides, you
 be understood. What's your offence? Bora. Sweet Prince, let me go no farther to mine answer. Do you he
tten carcass of a butt, not rigg'd, Nor tackle, sail, nor mast; the very rats Instinctively have quit it. There they hoist us, To cry to th' sea, that roar'd to us; to si
nearer bloody. MALCOLM. This murtherous shaft that's shot Hath not yet lighted, and our safest way Is to avoid the aim. Therefore to horse; And let us no
ne of my friends. DUKE. Thou shalt not be the worse for me. There's gold. CLOWN. But that it would be double-
ry of surprise as we sat together at the breakfast-table. There he was, sitting with a newly opened envelope in one hand and five dried orange
y relish is so sweet That it enchants my sense; what will it be When that the wat'ry palate tastes indeed Love's thric
a, at Milford Haven. What your own love will out of this advise you, follow. So he wishes you all happiness that re
rful. YOUNG SIWARD O Thou liest, abhorred tyrant; with my sword I'll prove the lie thou speak'st. They fight, and young Seward is slain. 
 was cleaned before being sent to me." In my heart I accused my companion of putting forward a most lame and impotent 
Nay; I'll have a starling shall be taught to speak Nothing but 'Mortimer,' and give it him To keep his anger still in motion. Wor. Hear you, cousin, a word. Hot. All studies here I s
h away. [The drum begins to march] KING EDWARD. Nay, stay, Sir John, a while, and we'll debate By what safe means the crown may be recover'd. MON
 other times we drown our gain in tears! The great dignity that his valour hath here acquir'd for him shall at home be encount'red with a shame as ample. SECOND LO
 in scarlet straight at any news. Hie you to church; I must another way, To fetch a ladder, by the which you
TOR. It would discredit the blest gods, proud man, To answer such a question. Stand again. Think'st thou to catch my life so pleasantly As to prenomin
which, as they say, attend The steps of wrong-should move you to mew up Your tender kinsman, and to choke his days With barbarous ignorance,
is a physic That's bitter to sweet end. MARIANA. I would Friar Peter- Enter FRIAR PETER ISABELLA. O, peace
Shrewsbury. Enter Harry Hotspur, Worcester, and Douglas. Hot. Well said, my noble Scot. If speaking truth In this fine age were not thought flattery, Such attributio
e shall not want, If he be put upon't, and that's as easy As to set dogs on sheep- will be his fire To kindle their dry s
od sir; I come to bring him sleep. 'Tis such as you, That creep like shadows by him, and do sigh At each his needless heavings- s
t news? Why com'st thou in such haste? MESSENGER. The rebels are in Southwark; fly, my lord! Jack Cade proclaims himself Lord Mortimer, Descended from the Duke
 slow As hot Lord Percy is on fire to go. By this our book is drawn; we'll but seal, And then to horse immediately. Mort. With all my heart. Exeunt. Scene II. London. The Palace. Enter the Kin
 her frail son, amongst my brethren mortal, Must give my tendance to. KING. You have said well. WOLSEY. And ever may your Highness yoke together, As I will lend yo
? Mer. More than Prince of Cats, I can tell you. O, he's the courageous captain of compliments. He fights as you sing pricksong-keeps time, 
rove Not well dispos'd, the mind growing once corrupt, They turn to vicious forms, ten times more ugly Than ever they were fair. This man so complete
sleep till I wak'd him, you should enjoy half his revenue for ever, and live the beloved of your brothe
th here hard by To know your answer, whether you'll admit him. DUKE OF VENICE. With all my heart. Some three or four of you Go give him courteous conduct to this place. M
LAND. My lord, in the base court he doth attend To speak with you; may it please you to come down? KING RI
aiment, sauf votre grace, ainsi dit-il. KING HENRY. I said so, dear Katherine, and I must not blush to affirm it. KATHERINE. O bon Dieu! les langues des
 here A royal battle might be won and lost. Some one take order Buckingham be brought To Salisbury; the rest march on with me. Flourish. Exeunt SCEN
, how he knew it, and what had been passed on to his employers. It was possible that they were alrea
 me from my countrv's light, To dwell in solemn shades of endless night. KING RICHARD. Return again, and take an oath with thee. Lay on our ro
 shall we sojourn till our coronation? GLOUCESTER. Where it seems best unto your royal self. If I may counsel yo
h sunburning, that never looks in his glass for love of anything he sees there, let thine eye be thy cook. I speak to thee plain sol
QUEEN ELIZABETH. Send to her, by the man that slew her brothers, A pair of bleeding hearts; thereon engrave 'Edward' and 'York.' Then haply will she 
hee To bind our loves up in a holy band; For others say thou dost deserve, and I Believe it better than reportingly. Exit. Scene II. A room in Leo
 My noble mistress, Here is a box; I had it from the Queen. What's in't is precious. If you are sick at sea Or 
s to Lord Backwater, and is managed by Silas Brown. In every other direction the moor is a complete wild
n to your age. Thus, for my duty's sake, I rather chose To cross my friend in his intended drift Than, by concealing it, heap
Madam, I had rather seal my lips than to my peril Speak that which is not. CLEOPATRA. What have I kept back? SELEUCUS
r? Edg. By nursing them, my lord. List a brief tale; And when 'tis told, O that my heart would burst! The bloody proclamation to escape That follow'd me so
erance, nor the power of speech, To stir men's blood. I only speak right on; I tell you that which you
ng had been fixed up for theatrical effect if there wasn't a dead man in the middle of it. My word! it is a snorter." "Your friend
usion fall- CHIRON. Nay, then I'll stop your mouth. Bring thou her husband. This is the hole where Aaro
urtain? LEONTES. No, not these twenty years. PERDITA. So long could I Stand by, a looker-on. PAULINA. Either forbear, Quit presently the chapel, or resol
t do you say to a ramble through London?" I was weary of our little sitting-room and gladly acquiesced. For three hours we strolled about together, watching the e
aw. [To CATESBY] Go thou to Friar Penker. Bid them both Meet me within this hour at Baynard's Castle. Exeunt all but GLOUCESTER Now will I go to take some priv
It hath pleas'd the gods to remember my father's age, And call him to long peace. He is gone happy, and has le
t dignified enough, Even to the point of envy, if 'twere made Comparative for your virtues to be styl'd The under-hangman of his kingdom, and hated F
ee. DUMAIN. O, shall I say I thank you, gentle wife? KATHARINE. No so, my lord; a twelvemonth and a day I'll mark no words that smooth-fac'd w
he with a pleasing little touch of a German accent. "Did you come to see him? He is downtown. I expect him back every minute." McMurdo continued to gaze at her in open admiration until 
 the opportunity of playing his own game upon himself and seeing where he made for. As it is, by an indiscreet eagerness,
 eyes, She married. O, most wicked speed, to post With such dexterity to incestuous sheets! It is not, nor it cannot come to good. But break my heart, for I must h
 Inside, a gravel path wound through desolate grounds to a huge clump of a house, square and prosaic, all 
an Lords, Priests, Sailors, Officers, Musicians, and Attendants <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COP
ried By underhand corrupted foul injustice, If that your moody discontented souls Do through the clouds behold this present hour, Even fo
ions. Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face? BRUTUS. No, Cassius, for the eye sees not itself But by reflection, by some other things. CASSIUS. 'Tis just, And it is very much lame
nd colours LUCIUS. Approved warriors and my faithful friends, I have received letters from great Rome Which signifies what hate they bear their Emperor And how desirous of our sight 
<<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROV
 senators. FIRST SENATOR. Therefore so please thee to return with us, And of our Athens, thine and ours, to take The captainship, thou
 tropics could an English army doctor have seen much hardship and got his arm wounded? Clearly in Afghanistan.' The whole train of thought did not occupy a second. 
 There's reason he should be displeas'd at it. Look to it, lords; let not his smoothing words Bewitch your hearts; be wise and circumspe
 of nature, break! Let it be virtuous to be obstinate. What is that curtsy worth? or those doves' eyes, Which can make gods forsworn? I melt, and am not 
y such body. Then I asked him who Mr. Duncan Ross was. He answered that the name was new to him. "'Well,' said I, 'the gentleman at No.
 the good man weeps! He's honest, on mine honour. God's blest Mother! I swear he is true-hearted, and a soul No
great and trusty business in a main danger fail you. BERTRAM. I would I knew in what particular action to t
board with "Jabez Wilson" in white letters, upon a corner house, announced the place where our red-headed client carried on his business. Sherlock Holmes stopped in front of it w
eliver you more. How goes it now, sir? This news, which is call'd true, is so like an old tale that the verity of it is in strong susp
of all. Rom. Spakest thou of Juliet? How is it with her? Doth not she think me an old murtherer, Now I have stain'd the childhood of our joy With blo
Princes, and, with spirit of honour edged More sharper than your swords, hie to the field: Charles Delabreth, High Constable of France; You Dukes of
 and made The water which they beat to follow faster, As amorous of their strokes. For her own person, It beggar'd all description. She did 
ome frontier? Capt. Truly to speak, and with no addition, We go to gain a little patch of ground That hath in it no profit but the name. To pay fiv
their numbers are sufficient to overpower one man; it is unusual for them to be content with a limited plunder w
rn our stern upon a dreadful rock? Yet Aeolus would not be a murderer, But left that hateful office unto thee. The 
my way; And wheresoe'er this foot of mine doth tread, He lies before me. Dost thou understand me? Thou art his keeper
, For he hath witness of his servant's malice. This is the law, and this Duke Humphrey's doom. SOMERSET. I humbly tha
y Miss Stoner was obviously caused by her stepfather hastily closing the door of his safe upon its terrible occupant. Having once made up my min
y picture, and my heart on thy every part. Thine in the dearest design of industry, DON ADRIANO DE AR
ards the vacant chair upon which a newcomer must sit. "Come in!" said he. The man who entered was young, some two-and-twenty
my fashion. TOUCHSTONE. And mine; but it grows something stale with me. CELIA. I pray you, one of you question yond man If he for gold will give us any food; I faint almost to death
ldishness will move him more Than can our reasons. There's no man in the world More bound to's mother, yet here he lets me prate Like one i' 
 trade; an old cloak makes a new jerkin; a wither'd serving-man a fresh tapster. Go; adieu. BARDOLPH. It is a life that
 caused him to desire that I should recount it; but I hasten, before another cancelling telegram may arri
are imagination of a feast? Or wallow naked in December snow By thinking on fantastic summer's heat? O, 
ed Holmes. "What became of him?" "We'd enough to do without lookin' after him," the policeman said, in an aggrieved voice. "I'll wager he found his way home all right." "How was he dre
orld, which in thy absence is No better than a sty? O, see, my women, [Antony dies] The crown o' th' earth doth melt. My lord! O, wither'd is the 
se horrid image doth unfix my hair And make my seated heart knock at my ribs, Against the use of nature? Present fears Are 
ays shall see her, And yet no day without a deed to crown it. Would I had known no more! But she must die- Sh
e fresh regard Weak sights their sickly radiance do amend; The heaven-hued sapphire and the opal blend With objects manifold; each several stone, Wit
e and seldom came out save to indulge in ferocious quarrels with whoever might cross his path. Violence of temper approaching to mania
 manner rather than in his words. "Work is the best antidote to sorrow, my dear Watson," said he, "and I have a piece of work for us both t
 live still; Be Alcibiades your plague, you his, And last so long enough! FIRST SENATOR. We speak in vain. TIMON. But yet I love my country, and am 
erate appliance are reliev'd, Or not at all. Enter Rosencrantz. How now O What hath befall'n? Ros. Where the dead body is bestow'd, my lord, We cannot get from h
y, Marcus, so she is. LUCIUS. Ay me! this object kills me. TITUS. Faint-hearted boy, arise, and look upo
 word, for it was just seven when we reached the Copper Beeches, having put up our trap at a wayside public-house. The group of trees,
s Chronicle," said she. "Here is the slip and here are four letters from him." "Thank you. And your address?" "No. 31 Lyon Place, Camberwell." "Mr. Angel's a
 friends: ''Tis right'; quoth he 'thus misery doth part The flux of company.' Anon, a careless herd, Full of the pasture, jumps along by him And never stays to greet him. 'Ay
or several hours on end. Now, my dear fellow, in the matter of these explanations we have, if I may ask for your co
nish'd friends? Poor honest lord, brought low by his own heart, Undone by goodness! Strange, unusual blood, When
econd daughter, Our dearest Regan, wife to Cornwall? Speak. Reg. Sir, I am made Of the selfsame metal that my sister is, And prize me at her worth. In my true heart I find she names m
k it well, let fall a tear: The subject will deserve it. Such as give Their money out of hope they may believe May here find truth too. Those 
icy to counterfeit, Because he would avoid such bitter taunts Which in the time of death he gave our father. GEORGE. If
said. "I will just go after him and see what he does with himself." With those words he took his hat an
I will try the last. Before my body I throw my warlike shield! Lay on, Macduff, And damn'd be him that first cries, "Hold, enough!" Exeunt fighting. Alarums. SCENE IX. Retreat. Flou
ful, with the breezy manner of one who is out for a holiday and means to enjoy every minute of it. Both men were t
Beat. Not till God make men of some other metal than earth. Would it not grieve a woman to be overmaster'd with a piece of valiant dust? 
'st. I lost my children. If these be they, I know not how to wish A pair of worthier sons. BELARIUS. B
 county police are at their wits' end, and I have come up to you as a last resource.' "You can imagine, Watson, with what eagerness I listened to this extraordinary sequence of event
ys, is muddied withal. Pray you, sir, use the carp as you may; for he looks like a poor, decayed, ingenious, foolish, rascally knave. I do pity his distress in my s
 ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH CO
r instruments Tune a deploring dump- the night's dead silence Will well become such sweet-complaining grievance. This, or else noth
 I met a lion, Who glaz'd upon me and went surly by Without annoying me. And there were drawn Upon a heap a hundred ghastly women Transformed with their fear, w
tice cannot well deny, Because in quarrel of the house of York The worthy gentleman did lose his life. GLOUCESTER. Your H
f, do it a more delicate way than drowning. Make all the money thou canst. If sanctimony and a frail vow 
pressible," he answered with a laugh. "Holmes is a little too scientific for my tastes--it approaches to col
s which absorbed him utterly as long as he was engaged upon them. Towards evening, however, the breaking of a test-tube 
hat bestow of him? For youth is bought more oft than begg'd or borrow'd. I speak too loud. Where's Malvolio? He is sad and civil, And suits well for a servant wi
 still comes where an estate is least. That which I show, heaven knows, is merely love, Duty, and zeal, to your unmatched mi
 face when our eyes met. She seemed for an instant to wish to shrink back inside the house again; and then, seeing how useless all concealment must be, she
ands," said McMurdo. He read the passage aloud. "It is a matter of honour with me that I can give no further particulars about the
 cause, yet much less spirit to curse Abides in me; I say amen to her. KING RICHARD. Stay, madam, I must 
eet like men that had forgot to speak. WARWICK. We do remember; but our argument Is all too heavy to admit much talk. PRINCE JOHN. Well, pea
no answer That will be given to th' loud of noise we make. QUEEN. My lord, when last I went to visit her, She pray'd me to excuse her keeping close; Whereto constrain'
nduct; come, unsavoury guide! Thou desperate pilot, now at once run on The dashing rocks thy seasick weary bark! Here's to my love! [Drinks.] O true apothecary! Thy drugs ar
. So did I, I'll be sworn. He is simply the rarest man i' th' world. FIRST SERVANT. I think he is; but a greater soldier than he you wot on. SECON
ke your precious eye; To lose't or give't away were such perdition As nothing else could match. DESDEMONA. Is't possible? OTHELLO. 'T
 after him. "Excuse me, my dear fellow," said he, as we watched the rear carriages of our train disappearing round a curve; "I am sorry t
you. MALVOLIO. M. O. A. I. This simulation is not as the former; and yet, to crush this a little, it would bow to me, for every one of these letters are in my name. Soft! here follows prose.
 do not feel justified in doing it. I think that if we put something over his face he will be safe until morning." And so 
 an answer!" said I. The fellow gave a below of anger and sprang upon me like a tiger. I have held my own in many a struggle
 and passionate at your Highness' tent. KING PHILIP. And, by my faith, this league that we have made Will give her sadness very little cure. Brother of England, how may w
ly to be kind; Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind. One word more, good lady. Queen. What shall I do? Ham. Not this, by no means, that I bid you do: Let the bloat King
ame, fair lady? DESDEMONA. Such as she says my lord did say I was. EMILIA. He call'd her whore; a beggar in his drink Could not have laid such terms upon
[with some Attendants]. Enter Polonius. Pol. Th' ambassadors from Norway, my good lord, Are joyfully return'd. King. Thou s
y to th' Queen. Exit GARDINER The most convenient place that I can think of For such receipt of learning is Blackfriars; There ye shall meet about this weighty b
nt, how shall I live and work To match thy goodness? My life will be too short And every measure fail me. Kent. To be acknowledg'd, madam, is o'erpaid. All my reports go with the modest truth; Nor 
ry friends Do glue themselves in sociable grief, Like true, inseparable, faithful loves, Sticking together in calamity. CONSTA
med-faith, tell me true, Even in the soul of sound good-fellowship- Who in your thoughts deserves fair Helen best, M
 any dull conceit; And, which is more, she is not so divine, So full-replete with choice of all delights,
e kingdom that for many years it will be impossible to make it public. No case, however, in which Holmes was engaged has ever illustrated the value of his analytical methods so clearly
 By means whereof this breast of mine hath buried Thoughts of great value, worthy cogitations. Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face? BRUTUS
e arrested?" "Upon the charge of murdering Mr. Jonas Oldacre, of Lower Norwood." My companion's expressive face showed a sympathy which was n
ced, nervous, black-eyed man, seemed glad to see him once more. After a glass or two of whisky he broached the object of his visit. "Say,
 did approach. I drew to part them. In the instant came The fiery Tybalt, with his sword prepar'd; Which, as he br
 valour's excrement To render them redoubted. Look on beauty And you shall see 'tis purchas'd by the weight, Which therein works a miracle in na
pose, and not for us To waste these times. Good hour of night, Sir Thomas! Whither so late? LOVELL. Came you from the King, my lord? GARDINER. I 
should be an exception. Don't you see, my young friend, that they were very anxious to obtain a specimen of your handwriting, and had no other way of doing it?" "And why
ed A rotten carcass of a butt, not rigg'd, Nor tackle, sail, nor mast; the very rats Instinctively have quit it. There they hoist us, To cry to th
ny resemblance between this hand and that of your father?" "Nothing could be more unlike." "I expected to hear you say so. We shall look ou
rginius was, And have a thousand times more cause than he To do this outrage; and it now is done. SATU
 Sad, lady? I could be sad. This does make some obstruction in the blood, this cross-gartering; but what of that? If it ple
e to drink. It may do good. Pride hath no other glass To show itself but pride; for supple knees Feed arrogance and are the proud man's fees. AGAMEMNON. We'll execute your purpose, a
at part. Gennaro was in my father's employment, and I came to love him, as any woman must. He had neither money 
y head. Take it back--you! Say that she is not hurt!" "She was found badly wounded by the side of her dead husband." He sank with a deep groan
 give us information as we can be to get it. You understand, madam, that your husband will be arrested and tried
f his pockets might help me to form a conclusion. "And they did so. You cannot have forgotten the singular knif
 carried his victim off." "But how?" "Through the skylight. We shall soon see how he managed it." He swung him
ere still. Even when I wake it is Without me, as within me; not imagin'd, felt. A headless man? The garments of Posthumus? I know the shape of's leg; this is his hand, His foot Mercurial,
n the face: He was a gentleman on whom I built An absolute trust. Enter Macbeth, Banquo, Ross, and Angus. O worthiest cousin! The sin of my ingratitude even now Was heavy on me. Thou art so far b
ess 'gainst thine oracle. I'll reconcile me to Polixenes, New woo my queen, recall the good Camillo- Whom I proclaim a man of truth, of
ks four hours together Here in the lobby. Queen. So he does indeed. Pol. At such a time I'll loose my daughter to him. Be you and I behind an arras then. 
s enemies. King. Will you know them then? Laer. To his good friends thus wide I'll ope my arms And, like the kind li
bly low. I hardly spoke at all." "Thank you," said Holmes, shutting his eyes; "pray go on." "I did exactly what he indicated, and w
tern. King. Sweet Gertrude, leave us too; For we have closely sent for Hamlet hither, That he, as 'twere by accident, may here Affront Ophelia. Her father and myself (lawfu
may I never- AJAX. Do not chafe thee, cousin; And you, Achilles, let these threats alone Till accident or pu
 token of which duty, if he please, My hand is ready, may it do him ease. PETRUCHIO. Why, there's a wench!
undisguised astonishment--indeed, it was difficult to recognize in this tattered, unkempt wanderer, with ghastly white f
r; And this ditty, after me, Sing and dance it trippingly. TITANIA. First, rehearse your song by rote, To each word a warbling note; Hand in hand, with fa
horses' labour? The time inviting thee? the perturb'd court, For my being absent?- whereunto I never Purpose return. Why 
 she reserves it evermore about her To kiss and talk to. I'll have the work ta'en out, And give't Iago. What he will do wi
sty to th' Queen. Exit GARDINER The most convenient place that I can think of For such receipt of learning is Blackfriars; There ye shall meet about this weighty business- My Wolsey,
 in his dark, deepset, brooding eyes that he was perfectly aware of my true business. He is a man of fifty, strong, active, with iron-gray hair, great bunched black eyebrows, the step of 
, somewhat to embellish so many of my own little adventures." "Your cases have indeed been of the greatest interes
o beg Enfranchisement immediate on his knees; Which on thy royal party granted once, His glittering 
's blood, Whom I encount'red as the battles join'd. RICHARD. Speak thou for me, and tell them what I d
is a man whom I should be proud to do business with. We will leave this question undecided and hark back to our morass again, for we ha
 Ham. No, faith, not a jot; but to follow him thither with modesty enough, and likelihood to lead it; as t
n a polished floor with nothing to keep it in place. I straightened it out afterwards." "It's a lesson to 
m a fair departure. NERISSA. Do you not remember, lady, in your father's time, a Venetian, a scholar and a soldier, that came hither in company of the Marquis of Montferrat? POR
t. Marry, 'tis not monstrous in you; neither wish I You take much pains to mend. BOTH. Beseech your honour To make it known to us. TIMON. You'll t
, but on the table I found a small ball of black dough, or clay, with specks of something which looks like sawdust in it. I 
, the great globe itself, Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve, And, like this insubstantial pageant faded, Leave not a rack behind. 
use. OTHELLO. I do believe it, and I ask your pardon. Will you, I pray, demand that demi-devil Why he hath
house of Lancaster leave to breathe, It will outrun you, father, in the end. YORK. I took an oath that he should q
 I have receiv'd New-dated letters from Northumberland; Their cold intent, tenour, and substance, thus: Here doth he wish his person, with such powers As might h
T. Ay, that's well known. But what particular rarity? What strange, Which manifold record not matches? See, Magic of bounty, all these spirits thy power Hath conjur'd to atte
mputation and mine host's report I could not speak with Dromio since at first I sent him from the mart. See, here he comes. Enter DROMIO OF SYRACUSE How now, sir, is your 
 strumpet, but of life as honest As you that thus abuse me. EMILIA. As I! foh! fie upon thee! IAGO. Kind gentlemen, let's go see 
HE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND
[Advancing] Welcome, good Robin. Seest thou this sweet sight? Her dotage now I do begin to pity; For, meeting her of late behind the wood, Seeking
 of some assistance. I will call at four o'clock in the afternoon, and, should you have any other engagement at that ti
red idle pebble chafes Cannot be heard so high. I'll look no more, Lest my brain turn, and the deficient sight Topple down headlo
e, for I feared to be alone with the man. I remember that there was a woman outside as I entered. Our business 
strangeness he puts on, Disguise the holy strength of their command, And underwrite in an observing kind His humorous predominance; yea, wa
aces that extinguish art; Repeat their semblance often on the seas, That, when thou com'st to kneel at Henry's feet,
-born American, and it's all new to me. Guess I'm too old to learn. If he comes browsing about this farm, he might chance to run up against
my lord? How look you? Corn. I have receiv'd a hurt. Follow me, lady. Turn out that eyeless villain. Throw this slave Upon the dunghill. Regan, I bl
ith silent laughter. "Well?" said he. "Good heavens!" I cried. "It is marvellous." "I trust that age doth not wither nor custom stale 
conscience- ANTONIO. Ay, sir; where lies that? If 'twere a kibe, 'Twould put me to my slipper; but I feel not This
mes had arrived yet. "He'll be here when he promised," said I, "and not an instant sooner or later." And my words were true, for shortly after eight a hansom dashed up to the door and our friend got
g, "Black spirits." Hecate retires. SECOND WITCH. By the pricking of my thumbs, Something wicked this way comes. Open, locks, Whoever knoc
die. LODOVICO. O thou Othello, that wert once so good, Fall'n in the practice of a damned slave, What shall be said to thee? OTHEL
virtues Which our divines lose by 'em. MENENIUS. You'll mar all. I'll leave you. Pray you speak to 'em
ore but this: go, gentle Catesby, And, as it were far off, sound thou Lord Hastings How he doth stand affected to our purpose; And summon him to-morrow to the Tower,
desty to th' Queen. Exit GARDINER The most convenient place that I can think of For such receipt of learning is Blackfriars; There ye shall meet about this weighty business
penshaw, but my own affairs have, as far as I can understand, little to do with this awful business. It is a hereditary matter; so in order to give you an idea of th
is fairly well-to-do. But he goes into the City two or three times a week. He is deeply interested in South African gold shares." "You will let me know any fresh developmen
eak thy mind- What thou dost know of noble Gloucester's death; Who wrought it with the King, and who perform'd The bloody office of his timeless end. B
ot yet, Sir Thomas Lovell. What's the matter? It seems you are in haste. An if there be No great offence belongs to't, give 
t been that he usually terminated them by playing in quick succession a whole series of my favourite airs as a slight compensation for the trial upon my patience. 
vercome with joy, Gives him three thousand crowns in annual fee And his commission to employ those so
ome alive, I give a sparing limit to my tongue. Then, good my lord, take to your royal self This proffer'd benefit of 
h 'knocking at the gate'? PETRUCHIO. Sirrah, be gone, or talk not, I advise you. HORTENSIO. Petruchio, patience; I am Grumio's pled
l paid. My mind was never yet more mercenary. I pray you, know me when we meet again; I wish you well, and so I take my leave. BASSANIO. Dear sir, of fo
ces, our kindred, are going to see the Queen's picture. Come, follow us; we'll be thy good masters. Exeunt SCENE III. Sic
nace to these golden shores. Rogues, hence, avaunt! vanish like hailstones, go; Trudge, plod away i' th' hoof; seek shelter, 
 prosper our sport! No man means evil but the devil, and we shall know him by his horns. Let's away; follow me. Exeunt SCENE 3. A stre
 induction am I witness to, And will to France, hoping the consequence Will prove as bitter, black, and tragical. Withdraw thee, wretched Margaret. Who comes here? [R
e found in any part of Illyria. Will you walk towards him? I will make your peace with him if I can. VIOLA. I shall be 
 sovereignty, Knowledge, and reason, I should be false persuaded I had daughters. Fool. Which they will make an obedient father. Lear. Your name, fair gentlewoman? Gon. This admiration, 
summer-birds are men- Gentlemen, our dinner will not recompense this long stay; feast your ears with 
rs which do not ventilate. With your permission, Miss Stoner, we shall now carry our researches into the inner apartment." Dr. Grimesby Roylott's chamber was larger than that of his ste
TER. Our late noble master! TIMON. Have I once liv'd to see two honest men? POET. Sir, Having often of you
I would have wish'd for. CAMPEIUS. Your Grace must needs deserve an strangers' loves, You are so nobl
one. Do try to bring him down, and as soon as possible. Every minute seems an hour while I live in this state of horrible suspense. Assure 
pplause and universal shout, Giddy in spirit, still gazing in a doubt Whether those peals of praise be his or no; So, t
.' How shall I know if I do choose the right? PORTIA. The one of them contains my picture, Prince; If yo
 to those most imperial looks Know them from eyes of other mortals? AGAMEMNON. How? AENEAS. Ay; I ask, that I might waken reverence, And bid the che
elf he would devote his last penny to removing the obstacles which divided us." "He appears to be a very consistent character. And then y
ll me what place this is?' I asked. "'Wandsworth Common,' said he. "'Can I get a train into town?' "
 few moments later a clanging sound, as if a mass of metal had fallen. As I ran down the passage, my sister's door was unlocked, and revolved slowly upon its hinges. I stared at
 money? Is it possible A cur can lend three thousand ducats?' Or Shall I bend low and, in a bondman's key, With b
if you lay it over this way. But what I want to know is, who shifted the carpet, and why?" I could see from Holmes's rigid face that he was vibrating with 
ss of his heart. My woeful self, that did in freedom stand, And was my own fee-simple, not in part, What with h
oor Should hazard such a place as his own second With one of an ingraft infirmity. It were an honest action to say So to the Moor. IAGO. Not I, for this fair isla
. "Look here, Watson," he said when the cloth was cleared "just sit down in this chair and let me preach to you for a little. I don't kno
 silence be commanded. KING. What's the need? It hath already publicly been read, And on all sides th'
urn when my movements were hastened by the news of this very remarkable Park Lane Mystery, which not only appealed to me by its own 
eaper way: Better it were a brother died at once Than that a sister, by redeeming him, Should die for ever. ANGELO. W
ld not let me go until I had kissed him. Mr. Carruthers came in and tore him off from me, on which h
nes. "He's quicker at climbing down holes than I am. Just hold out while I fix the derbies." "I beg that you will not touch me with your f
returned. He was bright, eager, and in excellent spirits,--a mood which in his case alternated with fits of the blackest depression. "The
evil wrath: one unperfectness shows me another, to make me frankly despise myself. IAGO. Come, you are too severe a moral
sses-I cannot err- Tell me thou art my son Antipholus. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. I never saw my father in my life. AEGEON. But seven
 from our observations. What did we see first? A very placid and respectable lady, who seemed quite innocent of any secret
t, strikes him into melancholy; and then there's a partridge wing saved, for the fool will eat no supper 
iant reasoning, every man's body is to be found in the neighbourhood of his wardrobe. And pray what did you hope to arrive at through th
-a most singular problem--submitted to my judgment. I really had not the energy to follow it up save in
pless night. His first question was whether Holmes had arrived yet. "He'll be here when he promised,
. 'Father,' she says, 'though in me you behold The injury of many a blasting hour, Let it not tell your judgement I am old: Not age, but sorrow, over m
 bears a bounteous mind indeed, A hand as fruitful as the land that feeds us; His dews fall everywhere
at buttoned awry, in search of advice and assistance." Our client looked down with a rueful face at his
pon you! Tell me, good my friend, What torch is yond that vainly lends his light To grubs and eyeless skulls? As 
 lit, of course?" "Undoubtedly." "There are some very singular points here," said Holmes, smiling. "Is it not extraordinary that a
clergyman's scanty resources by taking rooms in his large, straggling house. The vicar, being a bachelor, was 
s, would not be more disturbing than a strong emotion in a nature such as his. And yet there was but one woman to him, and 
Towers and give us the benefit of your advice. It is no ordinary crime. We have had our eyes upon this Mr. 
ou to Mr. Holmes himself if you wanted fuller information." So saying I raised my hat and went upon my way, leaving them still seated behind that concealing hedge. I looked back as I rounded th
 return. With thy approach I know My comfort comes along. -Break up the court; I say, set on. Exuent in manner as they entered <<THIS ELECTRONI
th, that lives upon my grave To dark dishonour's use thou shalt not have. I am disgrac'd, impeach'd, and baffl'd here; Pierc'd to the soul with slander's venom'd 
 And top extremity. Whilst I was big in clamour, came there a man, Who, having seen me in my worst estate, Shunn'd my abhorr'd society; but t
 appearance gave an undue impression of age, for he had a slight forward stoop and a little bend of the knees as he walked. H
fair may be very much more important than appeared at first sight. It is clear now that some danger is threatening 
im be apprehended. SICINIUS. Go call the people, [Exit AEDILE] in whose name myself Attach thee as a traitorous innovator,
was a delicate point, and it widened the field of my inquiry. I fear that I bore you with these details, but I ha
n do no good by this obstinacy. Who are you?' "'I care not. I am a stranger in London.' "'Your fate will be upon your o
his' a good block. It were a delicate stratagem to shoe A troop of horse with felt. I'll put't in proof, And when I have stol'n upon these sons-in-
 his great grace And princely care, foreseeing those fell mischiefs Our reasons laid before him-hath commanded To-morrow m
andy legs adorned with gaiters, looking like a small farmer, a retired gamekeeper, or anything upon earth except a very favourable specimen of the provincial criminal officer. "A real downright 
 quarrel smiling, Show'd like a rebel's whore. But all's too weak; For brave Macbeth -well he deserves that name- Disdaining Fortune, with his b
t lord. POET. A thing slipp'd idly from me. Our poesy is as a gum, which oozes From whence 'tis nourish'd. The fire i' th' flint Shows not till it be 
n my bed trembling all over. Then I thought of you, Mr. Holmes. I could not live there longer without some advice
d Hippolyta <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE CO
No, uncle, I'll none. Adam's sons are my brethren, and truly I hold it a sin to match in my kinred. Leon. Daughter, remember what I told you. If the Prin
d man, Left to be finished by such as she; And she a fair divided excellence, Whose fulness of perfection lies
im so, only I thought it was but fair to you to take your opinion first. But I'm at the end of my patience, and wh
ould not take me so easily." "Where's your warrant?" asked McGinty. "By Gar! a man might as well live in Russia as in Vermissa while folk like you are running the police. It
t and trivial a nature. POSTHUMUS. By your pardon, sir. I was then a young traveller; rather shunn'd to go even with what I heard than in my every action to
rt, Or show the glory of our art? And, which is worse, all you have done Hath been but for a wayward son, Spiteful and wrathful, who, a
most assur'd, His glassy essence, like an angry ape, Plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven As makes the angels weep; who, with our speens, Would all themselves laugh 
e us notice of his inclination; For we to-morrow hold divided councils, Wherein thyself shalt highly be employ'd. GLOUCESTER. Commend me to Lord Wil
rom marrying a usurer! AUTOLYCUS. Here's the midwife's name to't, one Mistress Taleporter, and five or six honest wives that were present. Why shou
ted In tatt'red weeds, with overwhelming brows, Culling of simples. Meagre were his looks, Sharp misery had worn him 
s carry. Horrible sight! Now I see 'tis true; For the blood-bolter'd Banquo smiles upon me, And points at them for his. What, is this so? FIRST WITCH.
ey soil, but since the police had been coming and going over it, I was unable to see how my companion could 
ur marriage lawful. Wherefore I humbly Beseech you, sir, to spare me till I may Be by my friends in Spain advis'd, whose counsel I will implore. If not, i' th' name of God, Your pleasure be 
which I enclose. The affair proves, as I always thought it would, to be an extremely simple one, but I am obliged to you for assisting me in my investigation. Wit
ular. His coin, ships, legions, May be a coward's whose ministers would prevail Under the service of a child as soon As i
alf a dozen spines of dark wood, sharp at one end and rounded at the other, like that which had struck Bartholomew Sholto. "They are hellish things,
at liberty. GLOUCESTER. I cannot blame her; by God's holy Mother, She hath had too much wrong; and I repent My part thereof that I have done to her. QUEEN ELIZ
ith such contempt? Made I him King for this? O, let me think on Hastings, and be gone To Brecknock while my fearful head is on! Exit SCENE 3. London. The palace Enter TYRR
 And live; if no, then thou art doom'd to die. Gaoler, take him to thy custody. GAOLER. I will, my lord. AEGEON. Ho
ed. I have made bold, Iago, To send in to your wife. My suit to her Is that she will to virtuous Desdemona Procure me s
 fair word, Nor check my courage for what they can give, To have't with saying 'Good morrow.' SICINIUS. For that 
not encouraging. The idea of some ghastly presence constantly haunted him, and on more than one occasion he has asked me whether I h
mine? BASTARD. Hubert, I think. HUBERT. Thou hast a perfect thought. I will upon all hazards well believe Tho
's, you will acknowledge that there can be no doubt as to his individuality. But we may sleep on it now, for I shall be surprised if we do not hear something furthe
" "Spare no money," she said in a dead, even tone. "It is my desire that every possible effort should be made." "Perhaps you can tell u
S. 'Tis your noblest course. Wisdom and fortune combating together, If that the former dare but what it can, No chance may s
 a farthing from me,' I cried, on which he bowed and left the room without another word. "When he was gone I unlocked my bureau, made sure that my trea
nk him better than I say, And yet would herein others' eyes were worse. Far from her nest the lapwing cries away; My heart 
inking sands And would not dash me with their ragged sides, Because thy flinty heart, more hard than they, Mi
h another encounter, which lames report to follow it and undoes description to do it. SECOND GENTLEMAN. Wh
plac'd, I give consent to go along with you, Recking as little what betideth me As much I wish all good befortune you. When will you go? SILVIA. This evening coming. E
impression upon the company, nor have we found any possible motive for so strange and elaborate an attempt. You perceive our difficulties, Watson?" "They are only too clear," I a
as flurried me rather." "I'll join you in a walk, with pleasure," said his companion. "Then we meet again at two o'clock. Au revoir, and good-
angs of barr'd affections, though the King Hath charg'd you should not speak together. Exit IMOGEN. O dissembling courtesy! How fine this tyrant Can tick
at great folk should have count'nance in this world to drown or hang themselves more than their even-Christen. Come, my spade! There 
rable gentleman. FIRST STRANGER. We know him for no less, though we are but strangers to him. But I can tell you one thing, my lord, and whic
 that peasant Valentine; And Eglamour is in her company. 'Tis true; for Friar Lawrence met them both As he in penance wander'd through the forest; Him he knew well, and gu
nd when shalt thou see him again? Answer me in one word. CELIA. You must borrow me Gargantua's mouth first
nd massacre! I see, as in a map, the end of all. DUCHESS. Accursed and unquiet wrangling days, How many of you have mine eyes beheld! My 
 set of his thin lips, which goes with a positive and possibly a harsh nature. You would find him an interesting study. He c
nto closer and more effective touch with the cases which it is their duty to investigate." "Isn't it gorgeous!" said Holmes, grinning o
yet wear silk, drink wine, lie soft, Hug their diseas'd perfumes, and have forgot That ever Timon was. Shame not these woods By putting o
iend. POSTHUMUS. No, no. IACHIMO. I dare thereupon pawn the moiety of my estate to your ring, which, in my opinion, o'ervalues it something. 
o overdid his part. It was simply a ruse to divert inquiry into a wrong channel. I'm not going to tell you much more of the case,
 "Your presence will be of great service to me," he answered. "We shall work the case out independently, and leave this fellow Jones to exult over any mare's-nest which he may choose
n. PANDARUS. Amen. Whereupon I will show you a chamber and a bed; which bed, because it shall not speak of your pretty encounters, press it to death. Away! And Cupid gr
 but so. LEWIS. But what shall I gain by young Arthur's fall? PANDULPH. You, in the right of Lady Blanch your wife, May then make al
d apiece,' said I. "'But how can we gain your freedom? You know very well that you ask an impossibility.' "'Nothing of the sort,'
r vassal. LEPIDUS. Well met here. POMPEY. I hope so, Lepidus. Thus we are agreed. I crave our composition may be written, And seal'd between us. CAESAR. That's the next to do. P
 nerves can stand." Holmes leaned forward and laid his long, thin fingers upon the woman's shoulder. He had an almost hypnotic power of soothing when he wished. T
e prepared, and since this cannot be done without explanation there will ensue a hideous scandal, which wil
u shall well be satisfied withal. But where is Kate? I stay too long from her; The morning wears, 'tis time we were at church. TRANIO. See not your bride in these unreverent robes;
y adventures started. It was only by trying begging as an amateur that I could get the facts upon which to base my articles
tres carry. Horrible sight! Now I see 'tis true; For the blood-bolter'd Banquo smiles upon me, And points at them for his. What, is this so?
ore elementary problems. Let him, on meeting a fellow-mortal, learn at a glance to distinguish the histor
ly postman. Best quality paper. Envelopes at sixpence a packet. Particular man in his stationery. No address. 'Be at the third pillar from
Then would I hide my bones, not rest them here. Ah, who hath any cause to mourn but we? [Sitting down by her] QUEEN MARGARET. [Coming forward] If ancient s
n, And give it food. There is an old poor man Who after me hath many a weary step Limp'd in pure love; till he be first suffic'd, Oppress'd with two weak evils, age and h
 desperate attempt at robbery. Or, again, there was that most grotesque affair of the five orange pips, which let straight to a murderous conspiracy. Th
n, which it took all his strength of mind to control. "I am sorry to knock you up so early, Doctor," said he, "but I have had a very serious accident dur
I am braz'd to't. Kent. I cannot conceive you. Glou. Sir, this young fellow's mother could; whereupon she grew round-womb'd, and had
 easy again. And yet it's our own necks that may be at stake. In God's name what shall I do?" He rocked to and
he had not recognised me, but as I bent over her she suddenly shrieked out in a voice which I shall never f
e's Barnardine? CLAUDIO. As fast lock'd up in sleep as guiltless labour When it lies starkly in the traveller's bones. He will not wake
 that you will postpone it, as this matter is of paramount importance. "'Yours faithfully, "'St. Simon.' "It is dated 
t help us in putting a rope round the neck of its master." "Surely we have a case." "Not a shadow of one--only surmise and conjecture. We should be laughed out of court
oth'd his wrinkled front, And now, instead of mounting barbed steeds To fright the souls of fearful adversaries, He capers nimbly in a lady's chamb
eyance and thy lord's false love; For both of you are birds of self-same feather. [POST blowing a horn within] L
ring weight of government, While he enjoys the honour and his ease. And, Clarence, now then it is more than needful Forthwi
been re-soled? Now, Watson, I won't detain you from your legitimate work any longer. I shall do nothing more to-day, unless I have an answer to my cab advertisement
e thus fast, to find us unprovided. SOMERSET. But he's deceiv'd; we are in readiness. QUEEN MARGARET. This cheers my
n-a-box." "Ah, Mr. Mac," said Holmes, shaking a reproving forefinger, "you would not read that excellent local compilation whi
Y. What, what? MALVOLIO. 'You must amend your drunkenness'- SIR TOBY. Out, scab! FABIAN. Nay, patience, or we break the sinews of our p
be horn mad. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDE
out of that cruel eye Where he sits crowned in his master's spite. Come, boy, with me; my thoughts are ripe in misc
 THURIO. And thy advice this night I'll put in practice; Therefore, sweet Proteus, my direction-giver, Let us into the city presently To sort some gentlemen well skill'd in music. I ha
 with magnanimity And make him naked foil a man-at-arms. I speak not this as doubting any here; For did I but suspect a fearful man, He should have leave to go
ur favour, Quite to forget this quarrel and the cause. And you, my lords, remember where we are: In France, amongst a fickle wavering nation; If they perceive dissension in o
s chambermaids and waiting women. So, bless thee, master! Glou. Here, take this Purse, thou whom the heavens' plagues Have humbl
ast few months it became increasingly plain to me that Sir Charles's nervous system was strained to the breaking point. He had taken this legen
at such a pace that my sedentary life began to tell upon me, and I was compelled to fall behind. Holm
y self dost pay. 80 O how I faint when I of you do write, Knowing a better spirit doth use your name, And in the praise thereof spends all his might, 
 given me some worthy cause to wish Things done undone; but if he be at hand, I shall be satisfied. PI
MERY. And whoso'er gainsays King Edward's right, By this I challenge him to single fight. [Throws down gauntlet] ALL. 
 ADRIANA. To fetch my poor distracted husband hence. Let us come in, that we may bind him fast, And b
dley Court, Kennington Park Gate." Holmes took a note of the address. "Come along, Doctor," he said; "we shall go and look him up. I'll
or Baptista may remember me Near twenty years ago in Genoa, Where we were lodgers at the Pegasus. TRANIO. 'Tis
d other Attendants <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS
you till night. You are welcome to Elsinore. Ros. Good my lord! Ham. Ay, so, God b' wi' ye! [Exeunt Rosencrantz and G
 remain above the ground you shall Hear from me still, and never of me aught But what is like me formerly. 
firmly. "You arranged an affair for a lodger of mine last year," she said--"Mr. Fairdale Hobbs." "Ah, yes--a simple matter." "But he would never cease talking of it--y
God nor King, Hath here distrain'd the Tower to his use. WINCHESTER. Here's Gloucester, a foe to citizens; One that still motions war and never peace, O'ercharging your free purses with
s even more simple." Mr. Jabez Wilson laughed heavily. "Well, I never!" said he. "I thought at first that you had done something clev
 to you, unsought, were clipp'd about With this most tender air. CYMBELINE. This hath some seeming. SOOTHSAYER. The lofty cedar, royal Cymbeline, Personates the
after a most desperate resistance, in arresting him. It was at once clear that a daring and gigantic robbery had bee
eavy roads?" "Indeed, it is a likely ruse enough," observed Bradstreet thoughtfully. "Of course there can be no doubt as to the n
what he did profess, well found. KING. I knew him. HELENA. The rather will I spare my praises towards him; Knowing him is enough. On's bed of death Many receip
ome in partial. Sir, he must die. ESCALUS. Be it as your wisdom will. ANGELO. Where is the Provost? PROVOST. Here, if it like 
ideration check This hideous rashness. Answer my life my judgment, Thy youngest daughter does not love thee least, Nor are thos
e did hold it, as our statists do, A baseness to write fair, and labour'd much How to forget that lear
--complete rather than in stages." "I am sure we are honoured by your presence and to show you all we know," sa
 PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES
As who goes farthest. CASSIUS. There's a bargain made. Now know you, Casca, I have moved already Some certain of the noblest-minded Romans To undergo with me an enterprise Of honorable-d
, brave captain and victorious lord! When I was young, as yet I am not old, I do remember how my father said A stouter champ
, and he my dog. CHIEF JUSTICE. Well, I am loath to gall a new-heal'd wound. Your day's service at Shrewsbury hath a little gilded 
 stump instantly sank its whole length into the sodden soil. In vain he struggled and writhed. Not one step could he possibly take either forwards or backw
then I am not lame, poor, nor despised, Whilst that this shadow doth such substance give, That I in thy abundance
d but of those Who worship dirty gods. IMOGEN. I see you're angry. Know, if you kill me for my fault, I should Have died had I not made it. BELAR
vive To tremble under Titus' threat'ning look. Then, madam, stand resolv'd, but hope withal The self-same gods that arm'd the Queen of Troy With opport
les." Dr. Mortimer drew a folded newspaper out of his pocket. "Now, Mr. Holmes, we will give you something a little more recent. This is the Devon County Chronicle of May 14th of t
ear it for a memorable honour; For I am Welsh, you know, good countryman. FLUELLEN. All the water in Wye cannot wash your Majest
I have a wiper in the bag, an' I'll drop it on your 'ead if you don't hook it." "But I want a dog," I crie
ing which may throw some light upon the matter." "I fear not; but all I know is at your service." "We hav
 poor fellow, sir. CAMILLO. Why, be so still; here's nobody will steal that from thee. Yet for the outside of thy poverty we must make an exchange; therefore 
se," said Brother Morris. A general shout of anger greeted the suggestion. "I have but to raise my finger," cried McGinty, "and I could put two hundred men into this town that w
y mission was practically accomplished; and for the rest, I could not wish anything better than to be associat
 as, I not doubt, shall make it Go quick away-the story of my life, And the particular accidents gone b
f 13 Lower Burke Street." To tell the truth, my desire to fetch a doctor had somewhat weakened, for poor Holmes was so obviously delirious that it seemed dang
et's about it. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIB
s; a tame cheater, i' faith; you may stroke him as gently as a puppy greyhound. He'll not swagger with a Barbary hen, if her feathers turn back in any show of resistance
seat! Then would I hide my bones, not rest them here. Ah, who hath any cause to mourn but we? [Sitting down by her] QUEEN MARGARET. [Coming forw
 whom my absence was not six months old, Before herself, almost at fainting under The pleasing punishment that women bear, Had made provision for her following me, And soon and safe arrived whe
lowly crawling. The oil lamps had just been lit in the leading passenger car, a long, bare carriage in which some twen
arged with being concerned in the disappearance of Mr. Neville St. Clair, of Lee." "Yes. He was brought up and remanded for further inquiries." "So I heard. You have 
was, 'The worse.' Of Gloucester's treachery And of the loyal service of his son When I inform'd him, then he call'd
himself by using his machinery in order to find their victim. Then he would indicate how the matter might be 
BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE R
idence, of good esteem, He be approv'd in practice culpable. QUEEN. God forbid any malice should prevail That faultless may condemn a nobleman!
ged, and was able occasionally, without any active interference, to give some hint or suggestion drawn from his 
. No, Pandarus. I stalk about her door Like a strange soul upon the Stygian banks Staying for waftage. O, be thou my Charon, And give me swift transportance to these fie
ay outlive his life half a year. But, by'r Lady, he must build churches then; or else shall he suffer not thinking on, with
ur virginity, though valiant in the defence, yet is weak. Unfold to us some warlike resistance. PAROLLES. There is none. Man, setting down before you, will under
e miseries of your father? Edg. By nursing them, my lord. List a brief tale; And when 'tis told, O that my heart would burst! The bloody proclamation to escape That follow'd me so 
gures some event. EDWARD. 'Tis wondrous strange, the like yet never heard of. I think it cites us, brother, to the
ight, Mr. Holmes," cried our client. "A thousand things come back to me which make me certain that you have hit it. Oh, let us lose not an instant in bringing help to this poor
 can be perfectly frank with each other. We want to know, Mr. Gilchrist, how you, an honourable man, ever came to commit such an action as that o
 here? COURTEZAN. As sure, my liege, as I do see your Grace. DUKE. Why, this is strange. Go call the Abbess hither. I think you are all m
ch nonsense." "But I do. If you have any influence with Sir Henry, take him away from a place which has always been fatal to his family. The worl
art till one drop down a corse. that Glendower were come! Ver. There is more news. I learn'd in Worcester, as I rode along, He cannot draw h
ppoint so. LENNOX. The night has been unruly. Where we lay, Our chimneys were blown down, and, as they say, Lamentings heard i' the air, st
age commonplace British tradesman, obese, pompous, and slow. He wore rather baggy grey shepherd's check trousers, a not 
our will?' Have you no ears? I am Antony yet. Enter servants Take hence this Jack and whip him. ENOBARBUS. 'Tis better playing with a lio
of this business is coming on to you. We could put him down an old shaft when we've done with him; but however we work it we can't get past the ma
 be cut shorter Exeunt. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENB
scuss things? I have given you a serious shock by my unnecessarily dramatic reappearance." "I am all right, but indeed, Holmes, I can hardly believe my eyes. 
I do but good? DUKE SENIOR. Most Mischievous foul sin, in chiding sin; For thou thyself hast been a libertine, 
, It seem'd, appear'd to Rome. By the discovery We shall be short'ned in our aim, which was To take in many towns ere almost 
of God I Oph. My lord, as I was sewing in my closet, Lord Hamlet, with his doublet all unbrac'd, No hat upo
, Must first induce you to believe- whose strength I will confirm with oath; which I doubt not You'll giv
s evil, Would men observingly distil it out; For our bad neighbour makes us early stirrers, Which is both health
 and peeped through. From the pressure of Holmes's shoulder against mine I knew that he was sharing my
 I say 'twas not. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY,
erceive that a Jack guardant cannot office me from my son Coriolanus. Guess but by my entertainment with him if
 under hatches stowed, Who, with a charm join'd to their suff'red labour, I have left asleep; and for the rest o' th
 day. LUCENTIO. Hear'st thou, Biondello? BIONDELLO. I cannot tarry. I knew a wench married in an afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to s
ED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES 
hree odd ducats more Than I stand debted to this gentleman. I pray you see him presently discharg'd, For he is boun
 so rough a course to come by her own? FALSTAFF. What is the gross sum that I owe thee? HOSTESS. Marry, if thou wert an honest m
. Go, girl, I cannot blame thee now to weep, For such an injury would vex a very saint; Much more a shrew of thy impatient humour. Enter BIONDELLO Master, mast
 enough. You came back by an unexpected way, and so he had no warning until you were at the very door. What could he 
g medical students, whom she was obliged to get rid of on account of their noisy and irregular habits. T
unt'red with a shame as ample. SECOND LORD. The web of our life is of a mingled yarn, good and ill together. Our v
this gracious season. CYMBELINE. All o'erjoy'd Save these in bonds. Let them be joyful too, For they shall taste our comfort. IMOGEN. My good master, I will yet do you service. LUCIUS. Happy be you!
LIVER. That will I, for I must bear answer back How you excuse my brother, Rosalind. ROSALIND. I shall devise something; but, I pray you, commend my counterfeiting to him
DED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE REA
DED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH 
lers. I will peat the door for Master Page. [Knocks] What, hoa! Got pless your house here! PAGE. [Within] Who's 
 unto your good. KING HENRY. Come, wife, let's in, and learn to govern better; For yet may England curse 
ther concealment. But one last word, Watson. Say nothing of the hound to Sir Henry. Let him think that Selden's death was as Stapleton would have us believe. He
 quite exciting," said Sherlock Holmes, with a yawn. "What happened next?" "When Mrs. Charpentier pa
"I have notes of several similar cases, though none, as I remarked before, which were quite as prompt. My whole examination served to turn my conjecture into a certainty. Circumstanti
, Watson? Well, come along and put friend Soames out of his pain." The unfortunate tutor was certainly in a state of pitiable agitation 
 four years back?" "Not Mr. Sherlock Holmes!" roared the prize-fighter. "God's truth! how could I have mistook you? If instead o' standin' the
 "And so did I," said Baskerville. "Every inch of it." "There was certainly no boot in it then." "In that case the waite
IDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS
NCE. You have beguil'd me with a counterfeit Resembling majesty, which, being touch'd and tried, Proves valueless; you are forsworn, f
 wolfish, bloody, starv'd and ravenous. SHYLOCK. Till thou canst rail the seal from off my bond, Thou but offend'st thy lungs to speak 
t that two villains, whose false oaths prevail'd Before my perfect honour, swore to Cymbeline I was confederate with the Romans. So Follow'd my bani
nours in possession. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PRO
read now whilst I live, And buried once, why not upon my head? Aumerle, thou weep'st, my tender-hearted cousi
 shook out two burnt matches and a cigarette-end upon the table. "They were on his tray this morning. I brought them because I had heard that 
e air, and what seem'd corporal melted As breath into the wind. Would they had stay'd! BANQUO. Were such things here a
sy complaint to imitate. I have done it myself." "And then?" "By the purest chance Blessington was out on each occasion. Th
PTISTA, GREMIO, BIONDELLO, and ATTENDENTS TRANIO. But to her love concerneth us to ad Her father's liking; which to bring to pass, As I before im
de your gate." Sterndale gave a violent start and looked at Holmes in amazement. "You then walked swiftly
hat I am subdued. Would the cook were o' my mind! Shall we go prove what's to be done? Bora. We'll wait upon your lordship. Ex
 Brutus grows so covetous To lock such rascal counters from his friends, Be ready, gods, with all your thunderbolts, Dash him to pieces! CASSIUS. I d
d head. It was a sorely-stricken man who lay before us. "What is it, Watson?" asked Holmes. "Absolute exhaustion--possib
ow well outward. The Prince and Count Claudio, walking in a thick-pleached alley in mine orchard, were thus 
scanty store of provisions began to run out. This gave the hunter little uneasiness, however, for the
er. ISABELLA. The better, given me by so holy a man. Hath yet the deputy sent my brother's pardon? DUKE. He hath releas
ot with weeping! FLAVIUS. I beg of you to know me, good my lord, T' accept my grief, and whilst this poor
R. My lord, I have from Oxford sent to London The heads of Brocas and Sir Bennet Seely; Two of the dangerous consorted traitors That sought
 Belmont Colchos' strond, And many Jasons come in quest of her. O my Antonio, had I but the means To hold a rival place with one of them, I have a mind presages me
 of stuff so flat and dull That we can let our beard be shook with danger, And think it pastime. You short
etly. "Or maybe, Mr. Baldwin, you will take a turn down the street with me. It's a fine evening, and there's some open ground
e is a fellow who would stick at nothing. You only want to get a glimpse of his face to see that. Look 
ely are dead. Lear. Ay, so I think. Alb. He knows not what he says; and vain is it That we present us to him. Edg. Very bootless. En
st time in the year." "Excellent," said he, recovering his good-humor. "Then we'll look into this matter
l not believe't. DESDEMONA. How now, my dear Othello! Your dinner, and the generous islanders By you invited, do attend your presence. 
obably do if you were brought into personal contact with these things. Your advice, then, as I understand it, is that the 
n't enough for me, Councillor," said McMurdo boldly. "If you are a judge of men, you'll know that." 
t about our British hosts on that occasion, I can assure you. I was two years living it down. Now you, with this sporting pose of yours--" "No, no, don't 
es What further you will do. HECTOR. We'll answer it: The issue is embracement. Ajax, farewell. AJAX. If I might in e
litting power, and made to tremble The region of my breast, which forc'd such way That many maz'd considerings did throng And press'd in with this caution. First, methought 
 shall his death draw out To ling'ring sufferance. Answer me to-morrow, Or, by the affection that now guides me most, I'll prove a ty
r heads! NORTHUMBERLAND. Had he been slaughter-man to all my kin, I should not for my life but weep 
 grave-making? Hor. Custom hath made it in him a Property of easiness. Ham. 'Tis e'en so. The hand of l
arful battle rend'red you in music. Turn him to any cause of policy, The Gordian knot of it he will unloose, Familiar as his garter; 
That he may furnish and instruct great teachers And never seek for aid out of himself. Yet see, When these so noble benefits shal
 to use smaller and less suitable vessels for sending out their prisoners. The Gloria Scott had been in the Chinese tea-trade, but she was an old-fashioned, heavy-bow
th of Fulvia, with more urgent touches, Do strongly speak to us; but the letters to Of many our contri
finds them perfect Richard. Sirrah, speak, What doth move you to claim your brother's land? BASTARD. Because he hath a half-face, like my father.
d in errors, feeble, shallow, weak, The folded meaning of your words' deceit. Against my soul's pure truth why labour you To
m his grandfather. BIANCA. I must believe my master; else, I promise you, I should be arguing still upon that doubt; But 
 about six miles from Farnham. Mr. Carruthers was a widower, but he had engaged a lady-housekeeper, a very respe
y him; And in our sports my better cunning faints Under his chance. If we draw lots, he speeds; His cocks do win the battle still of mine, When it is al
I have spoken with this policeman to-night, and he appears to me to be a perfectly reliable person. That blocks
rk out all right. But I'm sure I am exceedingly obliged to you, Mr. Holmes, for the workmanlike way in which you laid hands upon 
 displeasure 'gainst his gentle niece, Grounded upon no other argument But that the people praise her for her
nto his soul; For every drop of blood was drawn from him There hath at least five Frenchmen died to-night. And that hereafter ages may behold What ruin ha
 with the official detective force! This incident gives zest to our investigation, however, and I only trust that o
l on us. DUNCAN. Great happiness! ROSS. That now Sweno, the Norways' king, craves composition; Nor would we deign him burial of his men Till he disbursed, at Saint Colme's Inch, Ten thousan
ollege. One day the professor was lecturing on poisons, and he showed his students some alkaloid, as he 
forehead, like one who cannot believe his own senses. "What is this?" he asked. "I came here to visit Mr. Oberstein." "Everything is known, Colonel Walter," said Hol
s silent. Then he raised his face once more, and spoke with the cold composure of despair. "I have nothing to hide from you, gentlemen," said he. "If I shot the
God save the King! CADE. What, Buckingham and Clifford, are ye so brave? And you, base peasants, do ye believe him? Will you needs be hang'd with your
supreme magistrates, Thus contumeliously should break the peace! GLOUCESTER. Peace, Mayor! thou know'st little of my wrongs: Here's Beaufort, that regards nor 
e with you in an instant," she said. Her words were literally true, for we had hardly time to look aro
 reasoner may occasionally be deceived. He was likely, I thought, to fall into error through the over-
is address had been inquiring for 2704," said he. "I've driven my cab this seven years and never a word of complaint. I came here straight from the Yard t
'd in a pit hard by Heme's oak, with obscur'd lights; which, at the very instant of Falstaff's and our meeting, they will at once display to 
 Madam, it so fell out that certain players We o'erraught on the way. Of these we told him, And there did seem in him a kind of jo
y the lady. OLIVIA. Go to, y'are a dry fool; I'll no more of you. Besides, you grow dishonest. CLOWN. Two faults, madonna, t
d. Mrs. Douglas turned, and in an instant her arms were round him. Barker had seized his outstretched hand. "It's best this way, Jack," 
e the old woman of Brainford; he swears she's a witch, forbade her my house, and hath threat'ned to beat her. MRS. PAGE. Heaven guide him to thy husband's c
ve mighty business in hand. Corn. True or false, it hath made thee Earl of Gloucester. Seek out where thy father 
ectation whirls me round. Th' imaginary relish is so sweet That it enchants my sense; what will it be When that the wat'ry palate tastes indeed Love's thrice-repured nec
bit of advancing money.' "'The firm does so when the security is good.' I answered. "'It is absolutely essential to me,' said he, 'that I should have £50,000 at once. I cou
'Which way did the woman go?' I cried. "'I don't know, sir. I noticed her pass, but I had no special reason for watching her. She seemed to be in a hurry.' "'How long ago was it?' "'Oh, not v
. It was some fiend. Therefore, thou happy father, Think that the clearest gods, who make them honours Of men's im
ed pool beyond your cell, There dancing up to th' chins, that the foul lake O'erstunk their feet. PROSPERO. This was well done, my bird. Thy shape invisible retain thou stil
w. BALTHAZAR. Have patience, sir; O, let it not be so! Herein you war against your reputation, And draw within the compass of suspect Th
 could see a shadow pass over his face as I spoke. "'I am afraid that it is quite essential,' said he. 'It
h one associates with a West-End practice. A small page admitted us, and we began at once to ascend the broad, well-carpeted stair. 
all of precept, he did show me The way twice o'er. DUKE. Are there no other tokens Between you 'greed concerning her obse
ch. Well, masters, we hear our charge. Let us go sit here upon the church bench till two, and then all to bed. Dog. One word more, honest neighbours. I pray you watch about Signior Leonato's
' th' cold ground. My brother shall know of it; and so I thank you for your good counsel. Come, my c
ison. Hadst thou beheld- MARCIUS. Pray now, no more; my mother, Who has a charter to extol her blood, When she does praise me grieves me. I h
e end of my visit to Wisteria Lodge." Sherlock Holmes was rubbing his hands and chuckling as he added th
ore tragic form than he could have imagined. I was still dressing in my bedroom next morning when the
e a few very ordinary deductions I was able to lay my hand upon the criminal within three days." "That is true," said I. "I have already
le a prize to head-quarters with his own hands. I think that your course of action is an excellent one. Meanwhile, Hope, we cannot neglect all our oth
ll curb her mad and headstrong humour. He that knows better how to tame a shrew, Now let him speak; 'tis charity to show. Exit SCENE II. Padua. Before BAPTISTA'S h
 borne it with a patient shrug, For suff'rance is the badge of all our tribe; You call me misbeliever, cut-throat dog,
prayers all to that effect. DAUGHTER. And so will I. DUCHESS. Peace, children, peace! The King doth love y
answer in a case of truth? SUFFOLK. Within the Temple Hall we were too loud; The garden here is more convenient. PLANTAGENET. The
my wife is dead to-night! Grief of my son's exile hath stopp'd her breath. What further woe conspires against mine age? Prince. L
tavius Caesar, and companion me with my mistress. SOOTHSAYER. You shall outlive the lady whom you serve. CHARMIAN. O, ex
court, of city, and had let go by The swiftest hours observed as they flew, Towards this afflicted fancy fastly drew; And, 
vern your desires, Saturn is dominator over mine. What signifies my deadly-standing eye, My silence and my cloudy melanc
over in the minute and yet abstracted fashion which was peculiar to him. "Do you not find," he said, "that with your short sight it is a little trying to do so much typewriting?" "I did at 
side, What need'st thou wound with cunning when thy might Is more than my o'erpressed defence can bide? Let me excuse thee, ah my love well knows, Her pretty loo
pedition be my friend, and comfort The gracious Queen, part of this theme, but nothing Of his ill-ta'en suspicion! Come, Camillo; I will respect thee as a 
I may say that this is not my first acquaintance with the members of your family. I have done a good deal of busine
ook, like drowned mice. REIGNIER. Let's raise the siege. Why live we idly here? Talbot is taken, whom we wont to fear; Remaineth none but ma
 out. I had no idea how long he might be, but I sat stolidly puffing at my pipe and skipping over the pages of Henri Murger's Vie de 
st confess, are full of grief; Yet, gracious madam, bear it as you may: Warwick may lose that now hath won the day. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Till then, f
hither; let me look upon him. Exit PROVOST ESCALUS. I am sorry one so learned and so wise As you, Lord Angelo, have
s less Than misery itself would give, rewards His deeds with doing them, and is content To spend the time to end it. MENENIUS. He's r
n tree. BOYET. Madam, and pretty mistresses, give ear: Immediately they will again be here In their own sh
l light sprang up in his grey eyes. "'Very well,' said he, 'you shall know all about the machine.' He took a step backward, sla
 Mr. Phelps, who started at least twenty minutes after he, got home before her?" "She explains that by the difference between a 'bus and a hansom." "Did she make i
lls of our humble room in Baker Street. The one, austere, high-nosed, eagle-eyed, and dominant, was none other than the illustrious Lord B
to see him. But your house was recommended to me for board. I thought it might suit me--and now I know it will." "You are 
s. My mother bows, As if Olympus to a molehill should In supplication nod; and my young boy Hath an aspect of intercession which Great nature cries 'Deny not.' Let the Volsces Plough R
vanish as easily!" said Sherlock Holmes. "But it is a very singular thing," Dr. Mortimer remarked. "I searched this room carefull
ts on Horace' may possibly recall my name to your memories. The Priory is, without exception, the best and most select preparatory sch
t an invisible instinct should frame them To royalty unlearn'd, honour untaught, Civility not seen from other, valour Tha
y never be forgot- Great men oft die by vile bezonians: A Roman sworder and banditto slave Murder'd s
g of suits, whereof the hangman hath no lean wardrobe. 'Sblood, I am as melancholy as a gib-cat or a lugg'd bear. Prin
dviser, I cannot possibly take the responsibility of allowing anyone to see her. I should recommend you to call again in ten days." He drew
ces when I'm well, but those are the principal ones at present." "Do you include violin-playing in your category of rows?" he asked, anxiously. "It 
together, draw this money, and vanish, starting life again elsewhere." "Well, that's likely enough." "It w
s spare harpooner. We were coming out of the ice-pack on our way home, with head winds and a week's southerly gale, when we picked up a little craft that had been 
ilt now compound, Before thy most assured overthrow; For certainly thou art so near the gulf Thou needs must be englutted. B
moon Would I not leap upright. Glou. Let go my hand. Here, friend, is another purse; in it a jewel Well worth a poor man's taking. Fairies and gods Prosper it with thee! Go thou f
he mystery and desires to make compensation? Have you any alternative theory which will meet the facts?" "But what a strange 
legs that brought me to a part of it! OTHELLO. How comes it, Michael, you are thus forgot? CASSIO. I pray you,
picious altars My soul the faithfull'st off'rings hath breath'd out That e'er devotion tender'd! What shall I do? OLIVIA. Even wha
at seems disgracious in the city's eye, And that you come to reprehend my ignorance. BUCKINGHAM. You have, my lord. Would it might p
r we had reached Pitt Street, a quiet little backwater just beside one of the briskest currents of L
s. The net begins to close upon him." "You are not quite in possession of the facts yet," said Holmes. "This splinter of wood, which I have every reason t
God's sake, let me in. BOLINGBROKE. What shrill-voic'd suppliant makes this eager cry? DUCHESS. [Within] A woman, and thine aunt, great King; 'tis I. Speak with m
 his chair. "I'll tell you what I did first, and how I came to do it afterwards," said he. "After lea
hile Between the child and parent. [Kneels] CORIOLANUS. What's this? Your knees to me, to your corrected so
ady, Countess of Auvergne, With modesty admiring thy renown, By me entreats, great lord, thou wouldst vouchsafe To visit h
erils surest answered. OCTAVIUS. Let us do so, for we are at the stake, And bay'd about with many enemies; And
. CAIUS. Come at my heels, Jack Rugby. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1
 whose blood is warm within Sit like his grandsire cut in alabaster, Sleep when he wakes, and creep into the jaundice By being peevish? I tell thee what, Anton
r talk on't; She hath been colted by him. IACHIMO. If you seek For further satisfying, under her breast- Worthy the pressing- lies a mole, right proud Of that mo
 you. Let's be merry: Good my Lord Cardinal, I have half a dozen healths To drink to these fair ladies, and a measure To l
 my lord, Upon this ground; and more it would content me To have her honour true than your suspicion, B
nsent of all we were establish'd The people's magistrates. PLEBEIANS. You so remain. MENENIUS. And so are like to
ds atwain Which are too intrinse t' unloose; smooth every passion That in the natures of their lords rebel
 who pursued me. If she were ill-used, then at any risks I was determined to go back to her assistance.
ntil his army be dismiss'd from him. SOMERSET. My lord, I'll yield myself to prison willingly, Or unto death, to do my country good. K
ied ones, If each of you should take this course, how many Must murder wives much better than themselves For wrying but a little! O Pisani
lone would have suggested a prearranged conspiracy to my mind." "You think then, definitely, that Barker and Mrs. Douglas are guilty of the murder?" "There is an appalling direc
be your keeper. My Lord Berowne, see him delivered o'er; And go we, lords, to put in practice that Which each to other hath so strongly sworn. Exeunt KING, LONGAVILLE, and DUMAIN BEROWNE. I'
e Her enemies' marks upon me. I do love My country's good with a respect more tender, More holy and profound, than mine 
 what it was. CITIZEN. Why answer not the double majesties This friendly treaty of our threat'ned town? KING PHILIP. Speak England fi
nd it presently. Exit CRANMER. [Aside] 'Tis Butts, The King's physician; as he pass'd along, How earnestly he cast his 
en's by vows. Thou hast found mine; But how, is to be question'd; for I saw her, As I thought, dead; and have, in vain, said many A prayer upon her grave. I'll not seek far- For h
quor shops--" "Here is your ring, Mrs. Sawyer," I interrupted, in obedience to a sign from my companion; "it clearly belongs to 
n this great city where I could rely upon being free from interruption. How to get Drebber to that house 
each bore, upon importance of so slight and trivial a nature. POSTHUMUS. By your pardon, sir. I was then a young traveller; rather shunn'd to go even with what I heard than in my every 
conded with will and power, Must make perforce an universal prey, And last eat up himself. Great Agam
of a several bastardy If he do break the smallest particle Of any promise that hath pass'd from him. CASSIUS. But what of Cicero? Shall w
some moment; Whom after under the confession's seal He solemnly had sworn that what he spoke My chaplain to no creature living but To me sh
ice Did worthily perform; and I must use you In such another trick. Go bring the rabble, O'er whom I give the
 the Queen. Then] Exit Hamlet, tugging in Polonius. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS 
nners will; And I have heard it said unbidden guests Are often welcomest when they are gone. TALBOT. Well then, al
aste of this action; That, were our royal faiths martyrs in love, We shall be winnow'd with so rough a win
 of my handkerchief very tightly round the wrist and braced it up with a twig." "Excellent! You should have been a surgeon." "It is a ques
s pace with beating; and when you are ask'd this question next, say 'a grave-maker.' The houses he makes lasts till doomsday. Go, get thee to Yaughan; fetch me a stoup of liquor. [Exit Second 
eirs for evermore. Young speedily proved himself to be a skilful administrator as well as a resolute chief. Maps were drawn and charts prepared, i
 come canonize us; For I presume brave Hector would not lose So rich advantage of a promis'd glory As smiles upon the forehead of th
and ridiculous excess. PEMBROKE. But that your royal pleasure must be done, This act is as an ancien
im arrested; saw him carried away; and, which is more, within these three days his head to be chopp'd off. LUCIO. But, after all this fooling, 
bankrupt so! Though death be poor, it ends a mortal woe. KING RICHARD. The ripest fruit first falls, and so doth he; His time is spent, our pilgri
ur tongue too. This is a creature, Would she begin a sect, might quench the zeal Of all professors else, make proselytes Of who
 could not disguise from myself that even if Holmes's explanation were incorrect the true theory must be equally 
at are written down old with all the characters of age? Have you not a moist eye, a dry hand, a yello
se as honest, then My purpose would prove well. It cannot be But that my master is abus'd. Some villain, Ay, and singular in his art, hat
epose, The which he lacks. That to provoke in him Are many simples operative, whose power Will close the eye of
 day a several greeting, Or I'll unpeople Egypt. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY 
 That hast such noble sense of thy friend's wrong! Thou teachest me. Minion, your dear lies dead, And yo
t to medicine a healthful state Which rank of goodness would by ill be cured. But thence I learn and find the lesson true, Drugs poison him tha
unlikely that we shall be back before morning. You'll dine with us, Lestrade, and then you are welcome to the sofa until it is time for us 
o much. Alas, how love can trifle with itself! Here is her picture; let me see. I think, If I had such a tire, this f
y stretch'd-out life, I give to both your speeches- which were such As Agamemnon and the hand of Greece Should ho
niform, and by the still palpitating Thaddeus Sholto. "Here's a business!" he cried, in a muffled, hu
de-stars and your tongue's sweet air More tuneable than lark to shepherd's ear, When wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear. Sickness is catching; O,
ot thus to lay Such violent hands upon her tender life. TITUS. How now! Has sorrow made thee dote already? Why, Marcus, no man should be mad but I. What vi
s reasoning. Might he be suffering from some huge self-deception? Was it not possible that his nimble and speculative mind had built up this wild theory upon 
Hall, you will come back to me and report. And now, Watson, not another word of the matter until we have a few solid stepping-stones on which we may hope 
learly that Holmes expected this grotesque criminal to make an attempt upon the two remaining busts, one of which, I reme
ir, all mark him out from amid the common crowd of mendicants and so, too, does his wit, for he is ever ready with a reply t
ded shoulders. There are indications that she has had recourse to an optician at least twice during the last few month
on; Let him be sent for. PETER. Would lie were here, my lord! For he indeed Hath set the women on to this complaint. Your provost knows the
d hang a calf's-skin on his recreant limbs. AUSTRIA. Well, ruffian, I must pocket up these wrongs, Because- BASTARD. Your breeches best may carry them. KING JOHN. Philip, what say'st thou 
rlock Holmes, and this is Dr. Watson." "A doctor, eh?" cried he, much excited. "Have you your stethoscop
l in an everlasting garment hath him; One whose hard heart is button'd up with steel; A fiend, a fairy, pitiless and rough; A wo
anying Mr. Grant Munro to the door. "What do you make of it?" "It had an ugly sound," I answered. "Yes. There's blackmail in it, or I am 
ty farm In that nook-shotten isle of Albion. CONSTABLE. Dieu de batailles! where have they this mettle? Is not their climate foggy, raw, and dull; On whom
 be-gar; and de maid is love-a me; my nursh-a Quickly tell me so mush. HOST. What say you to young Master Fenton? He capers, he 
reappear at Claridge's to-morrow as I was before this American stunt--I beg your pardon, Watson, my well of English seems t
. Where have you this? 'Tis false. MENAS. From Silvius, sir. POMPEY. He dreams. I know they are in Rome together, Looking for Antony. But all the charms of love, Salt Cleopatra, so
hus. You married ones, If each of you should take this course, how many Must murder wives much better than themselves For wrying but a little! O Pisanio! Eve
Disdainful to be tried by't; 'tis not well. She's going away. KING. Call her again. CRIER. Katharine Queen of England, come into the court. GENTLEMAN USHER. Madam, you are
ecame engaged to Rachel Howells, our second house-maid; but he has thrown her over since then and taken up with Janet Tregellis, the da
 grey plumage and a black top-knot. "So, Watson," said he, suddenly, "you do not propose to invest in South African securities?" I gave a start of astonishment. Accustomed as I was to Holmes's 
nd defac'd, And I proclaim'd a coward through the world. SUFFOLK. Stay, Whitmore, for thy prisoner is a prince, The Duke of Suffolk, Willi
 brought us together. It was in the private sitting-room to which we afterwards repaired that Holmes asked Baskerville what wer
 but tyrants use it cruelly. It pleases time and fortune to lie heavy Upon a friend of mine, who in hot blood Hath stepp'd into the law, which is past dept
 Edward. EDWARD. No, wrangling woman, we'll no longer stay; These words will cost ten thousand lives this day. Exeunt SCENE III. A field of battle between Towton and Saxton, in Yorkshire Alarum; exc
 which would, in England, be looked upon as akin to bad taste. Heavy bands of astrakhan were slashed across the sl
ain'd, And pray'd me oft forbearance; did it with A pudency so rosy, the sweet view on't Might well have warm'd old Saturn; that I thought her As chast
. RIVERS. These news, I must confess, are full of grief; Yet, gracious madam, bear it as you may: Warwick may lose that now hath won the d
 I do not know. KING RICHARD. Come to me, Tyrrel, soon at after supper, When thou shalt tell the process of their death. Mean
 American doings." "Ames, the butler--" "What about him? Is he reliable?" "Ten years with Sir Charles Chandos--as solid as a
ard," said Lestrade. "At the same time I must remain with my prisoner, and I am bound to warn him that anything he may say will appear in evidence against him." 
ld, shelterless moor. Poor devil! Whatever his crimes, he has suffered something to atone for them. And then I thought of that other one--the face in the ca
on. Not a word would our captive say; but he glared at us from the shadow of his matted hair, and once, when my hand seemed w
ed Polacks on the ice. 'Tis strange. Mar. Thus twice before, and jump at this dead hour, With martial stalk hath he gone by our watch. Hor. In what particular th
ebated. The feast is ready which the careful Titus Hath ordain'd to an honourable end, For peace, for love, f
ONERS ARTHUR. Alas, I then have chid away my friend! He hath a stern look but a gentle heart. Let him come back, that his compassion may 
een done by a man who was smoking an Indian lunkah, it obviously narrows your field of search. To the trained eye there is as
ssed and engag'd to fight- Forthwith a power of English shall we levy, Whose arms were moulded in their mother's womb To chase these paga
d." The note was undated, and without either signature or address. "There will call upon you to-night, at a quarter to eight o'clock," it said, "a gentleman w
ear that you will find it very slow, but I shall only be away a couple of hours." I walked down to the station with them, and 
licable dumb shows and noise. I would have such a fellow whipp'd for o'erdoing Termagant. It out-herods Herod
m very sorry that you are not well. Exeunt Othello and Desdemona. EMILIA. I am glad I have found this napkin; This was her first remembrance from the Moor. My
FORD. Go, go, sweet Sir John. Mistress Page and I will look some linen for your head. MRS. PAGE. Quick, quick; we
eserve As much as may be yielded to a man: But Nature never fram'd a woman's heart Of prouder stuff than that of Beatrice. Disdain and scorn ride sparkling in her eyes, Misprizing what they look 
ors! Have we not Hiren here? HOSTESS. Good Captain Peesel, be quiet; 'tis very late, i' faith; I beseek you now, aggravate your c
 himself, And chid his truant youth with such a grace As if lie mast'red there a double spirit Of teaching and of learning ins
 accepting, and I went down to Chiltern Grange, about six miles from Farnham. Mr. Carruthers was a widower, but he had engaged a lady-housekeeper, a very respectable, elderly person, called
fe could not teach me to know her sweet, brave nature as had this one day of strange experiences. Yet there were two thoughts whi
 Grey? DUCHESS. Where is kind Hastings? KING RICHARD. A flourish, trumpets! Strike alarum, drums! Let not the heavens hear these tell-tal
nfires clear and bright, To entertain great England's lawful king. Ah, sancta majestas! who would not buy thee dear? Let them
or the surety of it. CRESSIDA. I'll fetch you one. Exit ULYSSES. You have sworn patience. TROILUS. Fear me not, my lord; I will not be myself
cepted such a situation. The telegram which we eventually received came late one night just as I was thinking of turning in and
, Their natures, and preformed faculties To monstrous quality, why, you shall find That heaven hath infused them with these spirits 
He hath good usage and great liberty; And often but attended with weak guard Comes hunting this way to disport himself. I have advertis'd him by secret means That if about 
ath often still'd my brawling discontent. Exit BOY I cry you mercy, sir, and well could wish You had not found me here so musical. Let me e
an! FIRST SENATOR. He cannot but with measure fit the honours Which we devise him. COMINIUS. Our spoils he kick'd at, And look'd u
 hare-lip, nor scar, Nor mark prodigious, such as are Despised in nativity, Shall upon their children be. With this field-dew consecrate, Every fairy take his gait, And each several ch
here." He stepped swiftly forward, seized the poker, and bent it into a curve with his huge brown hands. "See that you keep yourself out of
ad along which we travelled. "What is this, Perkins?" asked Dr. Mortimer. Our driver half turned in his seat. "There's a convict escaped from Princetown, sir. He's been out t
lott'ry; And, by device, let blockish Ajax draw The sort to fight with Hector. Among ourselves Give him allowance for the better man; For t
d find respect For what they have been; 'tis a cruelty To load a falling man. GARDINER. Good Master Secretary, I cry your honour mercy; you may, worst Of all this table, say so. CROMWELL. Why, my lo
ce. KING RICHARD. O bitter consequence: That Edward still should live-true noble Prince! Cousin, thou wast not wont to be so dull. Shall I be plain? I wish the bastards de
! MACBETH. [Aside.] The Prince of Cumberland! That is a step On which I must fall down, or else o'erleap, For in my way it lies. Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see 
nquestionably the mark of his thumb." "There, that's enough," said Lestrade. "I am a practical man, Mr. Holmes, and when I have got my evidence I come to my conclusions. If you 
h honor, Join'd with a masker and a reveler! ANTONY. Old Cassius still! OCTAVIUS. Come, Antony, away! Defiance, traitors, hurl we in your teeth. If you dare fight today, come to the field; If n
 shall get level with you!" "The old sweet song," said Holmes. "How often have I heard it in days gone by. It was a favorite ditty of the late lamented Professor Moriar
 a little time before That our great grandsire, Edward, sick'd and died. WARWICK. Speak lower, Princes, for the King recovers. PRINCE HUMPHREY. This apoplexy will certain be his end.
 And make a chequer'd shadow on the ground; Under their sweet shade, Aaron, let us sit, And while the babbling echo mocks the hou
 To knee his throne, and, squire-like, pension beg To keep base life afoot. Return with her? Persuade me rather to be slave and sumpter To this detested 
 WALL. Thus have I, Wall, my part discharged so; And, being done, thus Wall away doth go. Exit WALL THESEUS. Now
 and a tall young man entered the room. He was well but quietly dressed in a dark-gray suit, and carried a bro
 and careless livery that it wears Thin settled age his sables and his weeds, Importing health and graveness. Two months since Here
 and cedar. Graves at my command Have wak'd their sleepers, op'd, and let 'em forth, By my so potent art.
 and drawn, like that of one who has endured a great shock; but her manner was composed, and the finely moulded hand which she rested upon the edge of the 
 and even more by a cluster of saloons and gaming houses, in which the miners spent their hard-earned but generous wages. "That's the Unio
 and report any progress which we might make with the case. As we drove away I stole a glance back, and I still seem to see that 
 and unfounded charge." It was evening before I left Camberwell, and quite dark by the time I reached home
 and we can both Endure the winter's cold as well as he. For once, upon a raw and gusty day, The troubled Tiber chafing with her shores,
 are welcome too. How like the Empress and her sons you are! Well are you fitted, had you but a Moor. Could not 
 cock crew. Hor. And then it started, like a guilty thing Upon a fearful summons. I have heard The cock, that is the trumpet to the morn, Doth with his lofty and shrill-sou
 days! Abate the edge of traitors, gracious Lord, That would reduce these bloody days again And make poor England weep in stream
 few bad words are match'd with as few good deeds; for 'a never broke any man's head but his own, and tha
 for ransom? MONTJOY. No, great King; I come to thee for charitable licence, That we may wander o'er this bloody field To book our dead, and the
 full, as blossoming time That from the seedness the bare fallow brings To teeming foison, even so her plenteous womb Expresseth his full tilth and husbandry. ISABELLA. S
 him back across one of the barrels. In his mad fury he would have squeezed the life out of him if McMu
 his ambitious finger. What had he To do in these fierce vanities? I wonder That such a keech can with his very bulk Take up 
 his cigar-case. "We are going well," said he, looking out the window and glancing at his watch. "Our rate at present is fifty-three
 his head is light. Thou say'st his meat was sauc'd with thy upbraidings: Unquiet meals make ill digestions; Thereof the raging fire of fever bred; And what's a feve
 his service, tell him Wherein you're happy- which will make him know If that his head have ear in m
 me. If ever I did dream of such a matter, Abhor me. RODERIGO. Thou told'st me thou didst hold him in thy hate. IAGO. Despi
 must; and to conclude, This evening must I leave you, gentle Kate. I know you wise; but yet no farther wise Than Harry Percy's wife; constant you are
 my pleasure taunted her, And she in mild terms begg'd my patience, I then did ask of her her changeling child; Which straight she gave me, and her fairy 
 not the Duke of Orleans thy foe? And was he not in England prisoner? But when they heard he was thine enemy They set him free without his ransom paid, In spite of Burgundy and all his friend
 one to be found save a crippled wretch of hideous aspect, who, it seems, made his home there. Both he and the Lascar stoutly swore that no one else had been in th
 our little sitting-room on Tuesday, March the 16th, shortly after our breakfast hour, as we were smoking together, preparatory to our daily excursion upon the moors. "Mr. Holmes,"
 out with good counsel. Leon. Nay, that's impossible; she may wear her heart out first. Pedro. Well, we 
 saw one here in court could witness it. DIANA. I did, my lord, but loath am to produce So bad an instrument; his name's Parolles. LAFEU. I saw the man to-day, if man he be. 
 that? His son was but a ward two years ago. Rom. [to a Servingman] What lady's that, which doth enrich the 
 the Roman Catholic Church, and had interested herself very much in the establishment of the Guild of St. Geo
 the Sierra Blanco--so we shall reach the Rio Grande," said another. "Fear not for water," cried a third. "He who could draw it from the rocks will not now abandon His o
 the aluminium crutch, as well as a full account of Ricoletti of the club-foot, and his abominable wife. And here--ah, now, this really 
 the finest wits of all. VALENTINE. And writers say, as the most forward bud Is eaten by the canker ere it blow, Even so by love the young and tender wit Is tu
 the good swimmer, Troilus the first employer of panders, and a whole book full of these quondam carp
 the hand of the dead man weighed upon them. Of their terrible chief few details came out during the proceedings, and if I have now been compelled to make a clear statement of his career it is d
 the hulk Sir John, Is prisoner to your son. O, such a day, So fought, so followed, and so fairly won, Came not till now to dignify the times, Since Cxsar's fortunes! NORTHUMBERLAN
 the intruder by the collar. The other dived down the hole, and I heard the sound of rending cloth as
 the juice on LYSANDER'S eyes] When thou wak'st, Thou tak'st True delight In the sight Of thy former 
 the man That brought her for this high good turn so far? MARCUS. Yes, and will nobly him remunerate. Flourish. Re-enter the EMPEROR, TAMORA and her two SONS, 
 the measure of an unmade grave. Knock [within]. Friar. Arise; one knocks. Good Romeo, hide thyself. Rom. Not I; unless the breath of heartsick groans, Mist-like infold me from the search of eyes. 
 the mines? Have the pioneers given o'er? MACMORRIS. By Chrish, la, tish ill done! The work ish give o
 the reader, who was a fine, robust old man, was knocked clean down by it as if it had been the butt end of a pistol
 the roynish clown, at whom so oft Your Grace was wont to laugh, is also missing. Hisperia, the Princess' gentlew
 the sickness found, Ulysses, What is the remedy? ULYSSES. The great Achilles, whom opinion crowns The sine
 the skin off his hand." "This is all very well," said I, "but the thing becomes more unintelligible than ever. How about this mysterious ally? How came he into the room?" "Ye
 the strings of life Began to crack. Twice then the trumpets sounded, And there I left him tranc'd. A
 the study all day. That's why we are going at night. Then he has a beast of a dog which roams the garden. I met Agatha late the last two evenings, and she lo
 thee so much strength As to take up mine honour's pawn, then stoop. By that and all the rites of knighthood else Will I make good against thee, arm to arm
 them down; Yet here they shall not lie for catching cold. JULIA. I see you have a month's mind to them. LUCETTA. Ay, mada
 thousand names? Arm, arm, my name! a puny subject strikes At thy great glory. Look not to the ground, Ye favourites of a king; are we not high? High be our thought
 was a wild youngster, I know--not worse than others of my class. But her mind was pure as snow. She could not bear a shadow of coarseness. So, when she came to he
 were his. DESDEMONA. O, that's an honest fellow. Do not doubt, Cassio, But I will have my lord and you again As friendly as you were. CASSIO. Bount
 who it was who took advantage of the opportunity, and so, Mr. Barker, I think the word lies now with you." Sherlock Holmes put the s
 you did not nurse him; Though he does bear some signs of me, yet you Have too much blood in him. HE
 you from his mercy sake, all of you! SHALLOW. What, the sword and the word! Do you study them both, Master Parson? PAGE. And youthfu
 you take when you found the card upon the door?" "I was staggered, sir. I did not know what to do. Then I called at th
 you what the matter was, You stared upon me with ungentle looks. I urged you further; then you scratch'd your head, And too impatiently stamp'
 you with these details, but I have to let you see my little difficulties, if you are to understand the situation." "I am following you closely," I answered. "I was st
, my gracious lord. PRINCE. But say, my lord, it were not regist'red, Methinks the truth should Eve from age to age, As 'twere retail'd t
, the earthly Jove; Whate'er the ocean pales or sky inclips Is thine, if thou wilt ha't. POMPEY. Show me which way. MENAS. These three world-sharers, these competitors, Are in thy vessel. Let me cut
DWARD, GLOUCESTER, CLARENCE, and soldiers KING EDWARD. Brave followers, yonder stands the thorny wood Which, by the heavens' assistance a
Fal. For God's sake, lords, convey my tristful queen! For tears do stop the floodgates of her eyes. Host. O Jesu, he doth it as like one of these harlotry players as ever I see! Fal. Pea
It was I who brought about the separation between Irene Adler and the late King of Bohemia when your cousin Heinrich was the Imperial Envoy. It wa
USE. I, Sir? I never saw her till this time. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Villain, thou liest; for even her very words 
ation, or, as is more probable, the very volume to which these figures refer." Holmes's calculation was fulfill
e my noble act. I hear him mock The luck of Caesar, which the gods give men To excuse their after wrath. Husband, I come. Now to that name my courage prove my title! I am fire and 
e to keep at three. From that appointment he never came back alive. "From Hatherley Farm-house to the Boscombe Pool is a quarter of a mile, and
e to patience. Bring forth the parties of suspicion. Friar. I am the greatest, able to do least, Yet most suspected, as t
ear. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. O yes. If any hour meet a sergeant, 'a turns back for very fear. ADRIANA. As if Time were in debt! How 
ent. O, then it mov'd her? Gent. Not to a rage. Patience and sorrow strove Who should express her good
er the poor creature, small beer. But indeed these humble considerations make me out of love with my greatness. What a disgrace is it to me to remember thy nam
hadows kiss, Such have but a shadow's bliss. There be fools alive iwis Silver'd o'er, and so was this. Take what wife you will to bed, I w
hall become of those in the city? POMPEY. They shall stand for seed; they had gone down too, but that a wise burgher put in for th
he reads Thy personal venture in the rebels' fight, His wonders and his praises do contend Which should be thine or h
heart. BRUTUS. With a proud heart he wore His humble weeds. Will you dismiss the people? Re-enter citizens SICINIUS. How now, my masters! Have you chose this man? FIRST 
ing the knowledge of the broil As thou didst leave it. SERGEANT. Doubtful it stood, As two spent swimmers that do cling together And choke their art. The mer
is he? DIANA. That jack-an-apes with scarfs. Why is he melancholy? HELENA. Perchance he's hurt i' th' battle. PAROLLE
l my argument: So all my best is dressing old words new, Spending again what is already spent: For as the sun is daily new and
love will out of this advise you, follow. So he wishes you all happiness that remains loyal to his vow, and your increasing in love LEONATUS POSTHUMUS
n my horizon at all." "I claim your sympathy, then, in my investigation of Mr. Staunton's fate. Do you know where he is?" "Ce
night. Call to me All my sad captains; fill our bowls once more; Let's mock the midnight bell. CLEOPATRA. It is my birthday. I had thought t'have held it poor; but sinc
oody handkerchief POSTHUMUS. Yea, bloody cloth, I'll keep thee; for I wish'd Thou shouldst be colour'd thus. You married ones, If each o
ord, upon the platform where we watch'd. Ham. Did you not speak to it? Hor. My lord, I did; But answer made it none. Yet once methought It lifted up it hea
ret, deserve well at my hands by helping me to the speech of Beatrice. Marg. Will you then write me a sonnet in praise of my beauty? Bene. In so high a style, Margaret, that no man livi
round the flaring stalls, my companion speedily overtook the little man and touched him upon the shoulder. He sprang round, 
sharp, but they're not quite sharp enough to catch a Washoe hunter." John Ferrier felt a different man now that
t these fix'd evils sit so fit in him That they take place when virtue's steely bones Looks bleak i' th' cold wind; withal, full oft
t you would not have written so convincing an account of my unhappy end had you not yourself thought that it was true. Several
ter, Gloucester, York, Buckingham, Somerset, Salisbury, and Warwick; We thank you all for this great favour
that he rushed in, and that the creature which he carried in his box got loose. That is all very certain. But he is the only person in this world who can tell us ex
the suspicion of Lopez, the secretary. He crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as I had finished the note. He a
thee do not strive against my vows. I was compell'd to her; but I love the By love's own sweet constraint, and will for ever Do thee all rights of service.
were last night. They could not trust me with the job. The others went in. When they came out their hands were crimson to the wrists. As we turned aw
were satisfied and his pipe alight he was ready to take that half comic and wholly philosophic view which was natural to him when his affairs were going awry. The sound of carriage wheels caused him 
what I ask you is, how did he ever get into the house at all if the bridge was up?" "Ah, that's the question," said Barker. "At what o'clock was 
will hie And so bestow these papers as you bade me. CASSIUS. That done, repair to Pompey's Theatre. Exit Cinna. Come, Casca, you and I will 
with nothing distinctive save two thumb marks at the left bottom corner. It is filled with rough salt of the quality used for preserving hides and
with these boys mine honour thou hast wounded. My foes I do repute you every one; So trouble me no more, but get you gone. MARTIUS. He is not with himself; let us withdraw. 
your levy Must be supplyant. The words of your commission Will tie you to the numbers and the time Of their dispatch. TRIBUNE. We will discharge our duty. Exeunt ACT I
your request, although 'Twere needful I denied it. My affairs Do even drag me homeward; which to hinder Were in your love a whip to me; my stay To you a
, AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LO
s all right! But I was bound to ask. With all these qualities, why are you not in practice?' "I shrugged my shoulders. "'Come, come!' said he, in his bustling way. 'It'
R and BUCKINGHAM GLOUCESTER. I pray you all, tell me what they deserve That do conspire my death with devilish plots Of damned witchcraft, and that have prevail'd Upon my body with
, and forces CHARLES. Had York and Somerset brought rescue in, We should have found a bloody day of this. BASTARD. How the young whelp of Talbot's, raging wood, Did flesh his puny sword in 
k and him; With other vile and ignominious terms In confutation of which rude reproach And in defence of my lord's worthiness, I crav
, and they are fled; And, till so much blood thither come again, Have I not reason to look pale and dead? All souls
, and turned back to his chemical studies. The summons was a brief and urgent one. Please be at the Black Swan Hotel at Winchester at midday to-morrow [it said]. 
d and that I should have spoken to you before I went; but I was kind of rattled, and from the time when I 
d and violent sea Each way and move. I take my leave of you; Shall not be long but I'll be here again. Things at the worst will cease or else climb upward
d for war, acquainted My grieved ear withal; whereon I begg'd His pardon for return. CAESAR. Which soon he granted
I have written to you? LORDS. We have. FIRST LORD. And grieve to hear't. What faults he made before the last, I t
n his brain. Suddenly he sprang from his chair and glanced at his watch. "Two o'clock, gentlemen," said 
f his neighbours. It was a surprise to me, therefore, to hear him asking Holmes in an eager voice whether he had made any advance in his rec
o his own good parts that he can shoe him himself; I am much afear'd my lady his mother play'd false with a smith. NERISSA. Then is there the County Palatine. PORTIA. He doth noth
f his presence, I am convinced from his cynical speech and the look which I have caught in his eyes tha
d his relations with the police better than anyone else can. Supposing that a matter were brought confidentially to his knowledge, is it absolutely 
e in the world who were really in touch with the truth. One of these was his present companion, Baron Von Herling, the chief secretar
n my word, you may put it down to my weak nerves or not, but I believe there is some deep political intrigue going on around me, and that for som
t nor lime, The pitfall nor the gin. SON. Why should I, Mother? Poor birds they are not set for. My father is not dead, for all your saying. LADY MACDUFF. Yes, he 
g our humours Even to the opposed end of our intents; And what in us hath seem'd ridiculous, As love is full of unbefitting strains, All wanton as a child, skipping and vain; Form'd by the eye 
e ran and ran until we were completely blown, but the space between us grew ever wider. Finally we stopped and sat panting on two rocks, while we wa
o the Admiralty. But to-day I have been over the drawings again, and I am not so sure of it. The double valves
o the Dauphin there! PEMBROKE. There tell the King he may inquire us out. Exeunt LORDS BASTARD. Here's a good world! Knew you of this fair work? Beyond the infinite and bou
, the Prince your master, whose chin is not yet fledge. I will sooner have a beard grow in the palm of my hand 
n the carriage? That is also possible. But the point is of curious interest. I understand that there was no sign of robbery?" "Apparently not. There is a list here of his possessions. His purse con
t the corner of Henrietta Street a-talkin'. Presently--maybe about two or a little after--I thought I would take a look round and see that all was right down the Brixton Road. 
t the door. A Greek friend had come to see him upon business, he said, and as he could speak nothing but his own tongue, the services of an interpreter were indispensabl
, the first son's heir, being dead, The issue of the next son should have reign'd. SALISBURY. But William of Hatfield died without an heir. YORK. The third son, Duke of Clarence, from 
d the handle and entered, I at his heels, with the cocked pistol in my hand. It was a singular sight which met our eyes. On the table stood 
n the moor already?" "I have sent a report from Grimpen to Princetown as to the death of Selden. I think I can promise that none of you will be tro
o the opposed end of our intents; And what in us hath seem'd ridiculous, As love is full of unbefitting strains, All wanton as a child, skipping and vain; Form'd by the 
s the sun! Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, Who is already sick and pale with grief That tho
n the tragedy were to be found among our seafaring classes. "When I came to examine the address of the packet I observed that it was to Miss S. Cushing. Now, the oldest sis
s the tenour of the Emperor's writ: That since the common men are now in action 'Gainst the Pannonians and Dalma
m the utmost horror. This, of course, fitted in well enough with the police theory, if the Colonel could have seen his wife making a murderous attack upon him. Nor was the
, the well-known sportsman; the other, Inspector Gregory, a man who was rapidly making his name in the English detective service. "I am delighted that you have come down, M
f thy arms be to no other end, The King hath yielded unto thy demand: The Duke of Somerset is in the Tower. YORK. Upon 
e thy cruel nails Pluck out his poor old eyes; nor thy fierce sister In his anointed flesh stick boarish fangs. The sea, with such a storm as his bare head In hell-blac
e was keenly interested. "You saw this?" "As clearly as I see you." "And you said nothing?" "What was the use?" "How was it that no one else 
f you does not serve heaven well, that you are so cross'd. FALSTAFF. Come up into my chamber. Exeunt SCENE 6. The Garter Inn Enter FENTON and HOST HOST. Master
e you take this note. My lord is dead; Edmund and I have talk'd, And more convenient is he for my hand Than for your lady's. You may gather more. If you do find him, pray you give him this; And when
e. My treasure's in the harbour, take it. O, I follow'd that I blush to look upon. My very hairs do mutiny; for the white Reprove the brown for rashness, and they them For fear and 
f. The servants had left the kitchen. There only remained the lamp in the dining-room where the two men, the murderous host and th
r." "I suppose the Professor eats hardly anything?" "Well, he is variable. I'll say that for him." "I'll
nance of a red Indian, and I could not gather from his appearance whether he was satisfied or not with the position of the case. His conversation, I remember, was about the Bert
 at the Yard." "One moment, Gregson," said Holmes. "I rather fancy that this lady may be as anxious to give us information as we 
rd my mother's honour and my land! KING JOHN. A good blunt fellow. Why, being younger born, Doth he lay claim to thine inheritance? BASTARD. I kno
ed to abandon this method and to trust once more to my recollections, aided by the diary which I kept at the time. A few extracts fr
ve force for digestion," he would say in answer to my medical remonstrances. I was not surprised, therefore, when this morning
me your hand! Have you a cab?" "Yes, I have one waiting." "Then I shall go in it. But I must owe something. Find what I owe, Watson. I am all off colour. I can do nothing for myself." I walked down t
ve your mouth fill'd up Before you open it. ANNE. This is strange to me. OLD LADY. How tastes it? Is it 
heaven for grace; The sun with one eye vieweth all the world. Heaven, be thou gracious to none alive If Salisbury wants mercy at thy hands! Bear hence his body; I will help to bu
tered coat. He was, as the inspector had said, extremely dirty, but the grime which covered his face could 
and stout kerns Is marching hitherward in proud array, And still proclaimeth, as he comes along, His arms are only to remove from thee The Duke of Some
it to Wisteria Lodge." Sherlock Holmes was rubbing his hands and chuckling as he added this bizarre incident to his collection of strange episodes. "Your experience is, s
etter place, Fitter for sickness and for crazy age. BEDFORD. Lord Talbot, do not so dishonour me; Here will I sit befor
ck And in his bosom spend my latter gasp. O, tell me when my lips do touch his cheeks, That I may kindly give one fainting kiss. And now declare, sweet stem from York's great stoc
t, And takes away the stomach- such are the rich That have abundance and enjoy it not. I should rejoice now at this happy news; And no
t. And when we have our naked frailties hid, That suffer in exposure, let us meet And question this most bloody pi
t. That's our business. Well, so long, Brother Morris, and may you find things go better with you in the future." That same afternoon, as McMurdo sat smoking, 
h, and England's too, With, hoo! such bugs and goblins in my life- That, on the supervise, no leisure bated, No, not to stay the finding of the axe, My head should be struc
r, and at last came back to the Punjaub, where I lived mostly among the natives and picked up a living by the conjuring tricks that I had learned. What use was it for me, a wretched cripp
in and out the enemy With bag and baggage. Many thousand on's Have the disease, and feel't not. How now, boy! MAMILLIUS. I
t, and our action shall be so also. You would not denounce the man?" "Certainly not," I answered. "I have never loved, Watson, but if I did and if the woman I lov
e, and therefore stood lamely in the verse. CELIA. But didst thou hear without wondering how thy name should be hang'd and carved upon 
en and this young Prince agree, I'll join mine eldest daughter and my joy To him forthwith in holy wedlock bands. QUEEN MARGAR
ed at the sardonic interruption. "Really, Holmes," said I severely, "you are a little trying at times." He was too much absorbed with his own thoughts to give a
et back the gems, and that you place no limit on the sum I may draw." "I would give my fortune to have them back." "Very good
lt be so well master'd; but, be sure, No less belov'd. The Roman Emperor's letters, Sent by a consul to me, should not sooner Than thine own worth prefer thee. Go with me. IMOGEN. I'll follow, sir.
em call? Here they both call him. The Drawer stands amazed, not knowing which way to go. Enter Vintner. Vint. What, st
rt for my daughter; you are no husband for her. BERTRAM. My lord, this is a fond and desp'rate creature Whom sometime I have laugh'd wit
ou for whom Jove would swear Juno but an Ethiope were; And deny himself for Jove, Turning mortal for thy love."' This will I send; and something else more plain That 
we had seen that morning, and it had been broken into similar fragments. Carefully Holmes held each separate shard to the light, but in no way did it differ from any other shatter
is handkerchief in my hand." I did as he directed, and was instantly conscious of a strong tarry smell. "That is where he put his foot in getting out. I
nd heard; but faintly, nothing like the image and horror of it. Pray you, away! Edg. Shall I hear from you a
th her bow in the air and her stern flush with the water. The fugitive sprang out, but his stump instantly sank its whole length into the 
in him that folly and green minds look after- a pestilent complete knave, and the woman hath found him alre
of his chair with the gesture of a man who has made up his mind and put his pipe down upon the mantelpiece. "Sarasate plays at the St. James's Hall this aft
ys his heart For what his eyes eat only. AGRIPPA. Royal wench! She made great Caesar lay his sword to bed. He ploughed her, and she cropp'd. ENOBARBUS. I saw her once Hop forty paces through the p
of his test-tubes which told me that he was still engaged in his malodorous experiment. In the early dawn I woke with a start, a
ow let us take our leave. To Milan let me hear from thee by letters Of thy success in love, and what news else Be
 I may drink thy tidings. CELIA. So you may put a man in your belly. ROSALIND. Is he of God's making? What manner of man? Is his head worth 
on named as he had been obstinate in refusing. "I never heard the name," said I. "Possibly not, my good Watson. It may surprise you to know that the man upon 
is not so dear, yet 'tis a life; you coin'd it. 'Tween man and man they weigh not every stamp; Though light, take p
in one bottom trusted, Nor to one place; nor is my whole estate Upon the fortune of this present year;
th our journey and chilled by our drive, so we took a gray view of the place. Now we are fresh and well, so i
he rooms were carefully examined, and results all pointed to an abominable crime. The front room was plainly furnished as a sitting-room and le
i' the air, strange screams of death, And prophesying with accents terrible Of dire combustion and confused events New hatch'd to the woeful time. The obscure bird Clamor'd the livelong night.
at the door." He had hardly spoken before there rushed into the room one of the most lovely young women that I have ever seen in my life. Her violet eyes shi
th the disappearance of Godfrey Staunton, and was only inclined to investigate them on the general grounds that everything which concerns Dr. Armstrong is at present of inte
ct the envelope to the address given. That is right. Now the letter: "Dear Sir: "With regard to our transaction, you will n
nd the evening train which connects the long line of coal-mining and iron-working settlements was slowly gro
of the earth, To me for justice and rough chastisement; And, by the glorious worth of my descent, This arm shall do i
or the ear. The time has been, That, when the brains were out, the man would die, And there an end; but now they rise a
of the fair young girl, as frank and wholesome as the Sierra breezes, had stirred his volcanic, untamed heart to its very depths. When she had vanished from his sight, he realized that 
by the joiner squirrel or old grub, Time out o' mind the fairies' coachmakers. And in this state she 'gal
lp the moment you are in trouble? What sort of a game is that--eh?" I heard the rasping, laboured breathing of the sic
to the matter upon our journey. You would oblige me by bringing with you your very excellent field-glass." And so it happened that an hour or so later I found myself in the c
to the name of God Didst break that vow; and with thy treacherous blade Unripp'dst the bowels of thy sov'reign's son. SECOND MURDERER. Whom th
of the pencil left as usually follows the Johann?" He held the small table sideways to the electric light. "I was hop
me the stuck in with such a mortal motion that it is inevitable; and on the answer, he pays you as surely as your feet hit the ground they step on. They say he has been fencer to the Sophy. AGU
up the street. There is not an instant to be lost. He rushes to some secret hoard, where he has accumulated the fruits of his beggary, and he stuffs all the coins upon 
le the world, unbless some mother. For where is she so fair whose uneared womb Disdains the tillage of thy husbandry? Or who is he 
of thy mouth that I may drink thy tidings. CELIA. So you may put a man in your belly. ROSALIND. Is he of
ng to enable her to earn an honest living. Stapleton did for one, and Sir Charles for another. I gave a trifle myself. It was to set her up in a typewriting business." He wanted to know the ob
He was gone two days before the bust was smashed." "Well, that's all we could reasonably expect to g
it was quite hopeless, so I rose and lit the candle with the intention of continuing a novel which I was reading. The book, however, had been left in the billi
ne was ready for him outside, just waiting to be picked up. It might have driven me mad; but I was a
It was useless, however. He was off in one of those hysterical outbursts which come upon a strong nature when some great crisis is over and gone. Present
's wit going to your neighbour's bed. ORLANDO. And what wit could wit have to excuse that? ROSALIND. Marry, to say she came to seek you there. You shall never take her without her answer, unl
at with patience And not my husband's secrets? BRUTUS. O ye gods, Render me worthy of this noble wife! Knocking within. Hark, hark, one knocks. Portia,
 Y'are much deceiv'd. In nothing am I chang'd But in my garments. Glou. Methinks y'are better spoken. Edg. Come on, sir; here's the place. Stand still. How fearful And dizzy '
rn, or wine, or oil; No occupation; all men idle, all; And women too, but innocent and pure; No sovereignty- SEBASTIAN. Yet he would be king on't. ANTONIO. The latter end of his co
 .NO CHARGES MAY BE MADE FOR *ANY* ACCESS TO THIS MATERIAL. YOU ARE ENCOURAGED!! TO GIVE IT AWAY TO ANYONE YOU LIKE, BUT NO CH
ive joy; until thou bid me joy By pardoning Rutland, my transgressing boy. AUMERLE. Unto my mother's prayers I bend my knee
queath to death your numbness, for from him Dear life redeems you. You perceive she stirs. [HERMIONE c
ides he down upon his grained bat, And comely distant sits he by her side; When he again desires her, being sat, Her grievance with his hearing to divide. If that from him there may be aught ap
 if these people did not go by the road, they must have traversed the country to the north of the house or to 
 There lies the Duke asleep; and there the keys. I'll to the King and signify to him That thus I have resign'd to you my charge. FIRST MURDERER. You 
blood where'er it walks. Return and tell him so. We know the worst. BASTARD. Whate'er you think, good word
 would be arbitrary and could not be deduced in any way. And yet I was loath to believe that this was the case, an
art of him, if he forfeit; for, were he out of Venice, I can make what merchandise I will. Go, Tubal, and meet me at 
ghter, And what to her adheres, which follows after, Is th' argument of Time. Of this allow, If ever you have spent time worse ere now; If never, yet that Time 
RIA and ATTENDANTS] Now, sir, what is your text? VIOLA. Most sweet lady- OLIVIA. A comfortable doctrine, and m
hem and carried him, living but horribly mangled, into the house. We laid him upon the drawing-room sofa, and having dispatched the sobered Toller to bear the news to his wife, I did what I cou
xth and lastly, why they are committed; and to conclude, what you lay to their charge. Claud. Rightly reasoned, and in his
ce, and raised and sank his arms until he drew a long, natural breath. "It's only a question of time now," said I, as I turned away from him. Holmes stood by the table, with his hands deep in 
ion and renew his interest. I wish that he were here. October 17th.--All day to-day the rain poured down, rustling on the ivy and dripping from the eav
ar, and the doctor has a prescription containing hot water and a lemon which is good medicine on a night like this. It must be someth
est and takes it thankfully. You are as welcome, worthy sir, as I Have words to bid you; and shall find it so In all that I can do. IACHIMO. Thanks, fairest lady. What, are men mad
rth and topples down Steeples and mossgrown towers. At your birth Our grandam earth, having this distemp'rature, In passion shook. Glend. Cousin, of many men I
ter and the boatswain Being awake, enforce them to this place; And presently, I prithee. ARIEL. I drink the air before me, and return Or ere your pulse twice beat. Exit GONZALO. All 
him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them. Could we see her, then and try to use her? That was my first thought. But now we come to a sinister fact. Miss Burnet has 
 is but foolery; but it is such a kind of gaingiving as would perhaps trouble a woman. Hor. If your mind dislike anything, obey it. I w
 no good in making a row." "Did your wife hear all this?" "No, thank goodness, she did not." "And she wa
, a goodly gift? GLOUCESTER. Ay, by my faith, for a poor earl to give. I'll do thee service for so good a gift. WARWICK. 'Twas I that
 it had been on the chart, and I pinned it on his bosom. It was too much that he should be taken to the grave without some token from the men whom he had robbed and befooled. "We ear
who had run up the curtain. When I got him into his box, from which he had slipped, I was off as fast as I could run." "Who's Teddy?" asked Holmes. The man leaned ov
 he has possibly given some surgical assistance, and which has made him a small presentation in return." "Really, Watson, you excel yourself," said Holmes, pushing back his
 in her greatness, by some mortal stroke She do defeat us; for her life in Rome Would be eternal in our triumph. Go, And with your speediest bring us what she says, A
ury him as a prince. GUIDERIUS. Pray you fetch him hither. Thersites' body is as good as Ajax', When neither are alive. ARVIRAGUS. If
ive him defense against the elements, For I have lost him on a dangerous sea. MONTANO. I she well shipp'd? CASSIO. His bark is stoutly timber'd, and
 my lord. PRINCE. Good lords, make all the speedy haste you may. Exeunt CARDINAL and HASTINGS Say, uncle Gloucester, if our brother come, Where shall we sojourn till
was our first drama at Hurlstone; but a second one came to drive it from our minds, and it was prefaced by the disgrace and dismissal o
n a passage. We passed along it, and Holmes very gently opened a door upon the right-hand side. Something rushed out at us and my heart s
ill she not forth? CLOTEN. I have assail'd her with musics, but she vouchsafes no notice. CYMBELINE. The exile of her minion is too new; She hath not yet forgot him; some more time Must wear t
do- that I have found The very cause of Hamlet's lunacy. King. O, speak of that! That do I long to hear. Pol. Give first admittance to th' ambassadors. My news shall be the fru
 of the burnish'd sun, To whom I am a neighbour, and near bred. Bring me the fairest creature northward born, Where P
 in the cellarage. Consent to swear. Hor. Propose the oath, my lord. Ham. Never to speak of this that you have seen. Swear by my
 of the central lamp. "It's just as I imagined it," said Sir Henry. "Is it not the very picture of an old family home? To think that this should be the same h
 to the grief, the excess makes it soon mortal. BERTRAM. Madam, I desire your holy wishes. LAFEU. How understand we that? COUNTESS. Be thou blest, Bertram, and succeed thy father
ith the help of some Italian employe, he succeeded in finding out where the other three busts had gone. The first w
not the heavens hear these tell-tale women Rail on the Lord's anointed. Strike, I say! [Flourish. Alarums] Either be patient and ent
 to the literature of the subject. That trick of staining the fishes' scales of a delicate pink is quite peculiar to China. When, in addition, I see a Ch
and the limbs and chest of a Hercules. He had his hand under the other's arm as they entered, and helped him to a c
urs the lated traveler apace To gain the timely inn, and near approaches The subject of our watch. THIRD MURTHERER. Hark! I hear horses. B
and the other was a young chap whom I had never seen before. This fellow had Drebber by the collar, and when they came to the head of the steps he gave him a shove and a kick which sent hi
 in the phrase of war, which they trick up with new-tuned oaths; and what a beard of the General's cut and a horrid suit of
hen the path, For emulation hath a thousand sons That one by one pursue; if you give way, Or hedge aside from the direct fort
are the right men or not," said Jones; "but if the affair were in my hands I should have had a body of police i
nto the room once more." "But surely I have heard that the drawbridge is kept up all night." "Yes, it was up until I lowered i
 of the statues. In that case our friend, the image-breaker, has begun operations in another quarter of London. There's coffee on the table, Watson
new the stars as I his characters- He'd lay the future open. You good gods, Let what is here contain'd relish of love, Of my lord's heal
hee thy hire and send thy soul to hell, Pernicious blood-sucker of sleeping men. SUFFOLK. Thou shalt be wakin
ial to me, have I not found it Murd'rous to th' senses? That confirms it home. This is Pisanio's deed, and Cloten. O! Give colour to my pale cheek with thy blood, T
ind was of a hard, unyielding nature, and the predominant idea of revenge had taken such complete possession of it that there was no roo
 me without a word or a look. "This aroused my curiosity, so when I went out for a walk in the grounds with my charge, I strolled round to the side from 
ant you to write a note to Mr. Barker." "Well?" "I'll dictate it, if you like. Ready? "Dear Sir: "It has struck me that it is 
ech you to let me have home with me. FALSTAFF. That can hardly be, Master Shallow. Do not you grieve at this; I shall be sent for in privat
oth your wills. POSTHUMUS. If you can make't apparent That you have tasted her in bed, my hand And ring is yours. If not, the foul opinion You h
ord, my love, my friend? I must hear from thee every day in the hour, For in a minute there are many days. O, by this count I shal
sus? Or cloy the hungry edge of appetite By bare imagination of a feast? Or wallow naked in December snow 
fuse the boys! Enter EDWARD and RICHARD PLANTAGENET See where they come: I'll warrant they'll make it good. Ente
ficers, Soldiers, Messengers, English and French Attendants. Fiends appearing to La Pucelle <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE
inkling eyes, like a mouse when he ventures out from his hole. It gave me the chills to think of killing him, but I 
 soon rejoin him. His companion remonstrated with him, and reminded him that they had resolved to stick together. Drebber answe
ises it against us. OCTAVIA. Is it so, sir? CAESAR. Most certain. Sister, welcome. Pray you Be ever known to patience. My dear'st sister! Exeunt ACT_3|SC_
rant of our most just and right desires; And true obedience, of this madness cur'd, Stoop tamely to the foot of majesty. MOWBRAY. If not, we ready are to try our fort
 But there's a saying, very old and true: 'If that you will France win, Then with Scotland first begin.' For once the eagle England being in prey, To her unguarded nest the weasel Scot Comes sneakin
 art too slow to do thy master's bidding, When I desire it too. PISANIO. O gracious lady, Since I receiv'd co
d up The petty difference we yet not know. Be't as our gods will have't! It only stands Our lives upon to use our strongest hands. Come, Menas. Exeunt SCENE II. Rome. The house of LEPIDUS Ente
rink The stale of horses and the gilded puddle Which beasts would cough at. Thy palate then did deign The roughest berry on the rudest hedge; Ye
 15° and Long. 25° west, and then cut the painter and let us go. "'And now I come to the most surprising part of my story, my dear son. The seamen had ha
ing, and him; And dares him to set forward to the fight. SECOND HERALD. Here standeth Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk, On pain to be found false and recreant, Both to defe
ring and hiding from me all gentleman-like qualities. The spirit of my father grows strong in me, and I will no longer endure it; therefore allow me such exercises as may become
els, and suddenly; and on your heads Clap round fines for neglect. Y'are lazy knaves; And here ye lie baiting of bombards, when Ye should do service. Ha
t me and stooped over the dead man. I heard a sharp intake of his breath and the cigar fell from his fingers. "Who--who's this?" he stammered. "It is S
cles and thought little more of the matter until, some time later, I backed a bill for a friend and had a writ served upon me for 
gast and those who were with him. Our only chance of safety lay in making a clean job of it, said he, and he would not leave a 
eave at a moment's notice, but would need some little time, if it were only a day, to arrange his affairs. That was the balance of probability, at any rate." "It seems to me to be a 
er's eyes be press'd! [They sleep] Enter PUCK PUCK. Through the forest have I gone, But Athenian found I none On whose eyes
an's heart?' Did you ever hear such railing? 'Whiles the eye of man did woo me, That could do no vengeance to me.' Meaning me a beas
Take her by the hand, And tell her she is thine; to whom I promise A counterpoise, if not to thy estate A balance more
f in his armchair and warmed my hands before his crackling fire, for a sharp frost had set in, and the windows were thick with the ice crystals. "I suppose," I remarked, "that, homel
s of his temper or his impatience with a less active intelligence than his own. "Of course it has moved
d of more rags to lay on thee, rather than have these off. AUTOLYCUS. O sir, the loathsomeness of them offend me more
e be not a mad woman, And know how well I have deserv'd this ring, She would not hold out enemy for ever For giving it to me. Well, peac
oin, not stabbing steel; therefore they do not give us the lie. CLOWN. Your worship had like to have given us one, if you had not taken yourself with the manner. SHEPHE
list of too cold an adieu. Be more expressive to them; for they wear themselves in the cap of the time; there do muster true
r to our age To cast beyond ourselves in our opinions As it is common for the younger sort To lack discretion. Come, go we to the King. This
row, parting poor. [Embrace, and part several ways] O the fierce wretchedness that glory brings us! Who would not wish to be from wealth exempt, Since riches point to misery a
says the Duke. I, having been acquainted with the smell before, knew it was Crab, and goes me to the fellow that whips th
d to the French republic, have left me in such a position that I could continue to live in the quiet fashion which is most cong
her, the King hath made your nephew mad. Wor. Who struck this heat up after I was gone? Hot. He will (forsooth) have all my prisoners; And when I urg'd the ranso
make the body follow. HASTINGS. Why, Master Mayor, why stand you in a doubt? Open the gates; we are King Henry
home the crown, Which waste of idle hours hath quite thrown down. SERVANT. What, think you the King shall be deposed? GAR
d to the drug as a protest against the monotony of existence when cases were scanty and the papers uninteresting. One day in early spring he had so far relaxed as to go for a walk wit
t be the door. I could see no marks to guide me, but the carpet was of a dun colour, which lends itself very well to
e to the hand that shed this costly blood! Over thy wounds now do I prophesy (Which like dumb mouths do ope their ruby lips To beg the voice and utterance of my tongue) A curse shall light upon t
eave the horse in his power now, since he has every interest in injuring it?" "My dear fellow, he will guard it as the apple of his eye. He knows that his o
ring the interview between the father and son. He had even smoked there. I found the ash of a cigar, which my
help the joy. Exeunt SCENE V. Rome. A street near the gate Enter two SENATORS With VOLUMNIA, VIRGILIA, VALERIA, passin
into the leaguer of the adversaries when we bring him to our own tents. Be but your lordship present at his examination; if he do not, for the promise of his life and in the hig
s is the most despiteful'st gentle greeting The noblest hateful love, that e'er I heard of. What business, lord, so early? AENEAS. I was sent for to the King; but why, I know
 her the situation here when first I took the matter up. Ah, Martha, you will be glad to hear that all is well." The pleasan
ched the sobered Toller to bear the news to his wife, I did what I could to relieve his pain. We were all assembled round him when the door opened, and a tall
near the settled butterfly, I satisfied myself that the place had indeed been used as a habitation. A vague pathway among the boulders led to the dilapidated opening which serve
s to the unseen grief That swells with silence in the tortur'd soul. There lies the substance; and I thank thee, king, For thy great bounty, that not only giv'st Me cause to wail, but teachest 
ught you home and boldly did outdare The dangers of the time. You swore to us, And you did swear that oath at Doncaster, 
"And you say you can penetrate it?" "Yes, there are one or two paths which a very active man can take. I have 
ord, you shall not be forsworn. [To Don John] Let me bid you welcome, my lord. Being reconciled to the Prince your brother, I owe you all duty. John. I thank you. I am not of many words, but I t
s to you to make so very close a relation between the two incidents? Again, would you choose an occasion when you are k
self. There was seldom much over, but I managed to scrape along somehow. The hardest job was to learn my way about,
er, and all my questions were unable to shake it. I could only check it by finding if she had, indeed, instituted divorce proceedings against her husband at or about the time o
ained him. Before he could escape from her, the clatter of horses' hoofs told him that they were beyond his reach. "The young canting rascals!" he exclai
ray'd you To hold your hand more close. I did endure Not seldom, nor no slight checks, when I have Prompte
pense of thy royal sweet breath as will utter a brace of words. [Converses apart with the KING, and delivers a paper] PRI
three of the guard BRANDON. Your office, sergeant: execute it. SERGEANT. Sir, My lord the Duke of Buckingham, and Earl O
commend my watchful soul Ere I let fall the windows of mine eyes. Sleeping and waking, O, defend me still! [Sleeps] Enter the GHOST Of YOUNG
 If ever he go alone again, I'll never wrestle for prize more. And so, God keep your worship! Exit OLIVER. Farewell, good Charles. Now will I stir this gamester. I hope I shall see 
d, And who in want a hollow friend doth try, Directly seasons him his enemy. But, orderly to end where I begun, Our wills and
nd for myself,- My virtue or my plague, be it either which,- She's so conjunctive to my life and soul Tha
y should I consider him in any way? I shall certainly not write if you would rather I didn't.' "'Good! That's a promise,' said he, rising from his 
 I could not but think what a terrible criminal he would have made had he turned his energy and sagacity against the law, instead of exerting them 
 kiss thee; then the rot returns To thine own lips again. ALCIBIADES. How came the noble Timon to this change? TIMON. As the moon does,
. "It may, of course, be a mere coincidence, or it may point to some nervousness which would indicate that he had reason to apprehend danger. Had you noticed anythin
you were so contented. PETRUCHIO. I tell thee, Kate, 'twas burnt and dried away, And I expressly am forbid to touch it; For it engenders choler, planteth anger; And better 'twere tha
ollow Our forceful instigation? Our prerogative Calls not your counsels; but our natural goodness Imparts this; which, if you- or stupified Or seeming so 
cups, and all; [Throws the meat, etc., at them] You heedless joltheads and unmanner'd slaves! What, do you grumble? I'll be with you straight. Exeunt SERVANTS KATHERINA. I pray you, husband, be not 
hanks and duty are your Majesty's. KING. I would I had that corporal soundness now, As when thy father and myself in friendship First tried our soldiership. 
ever, and live the beloved of your brother, 'EDGAR.' Hum! Conspiracy? 'Sleep till I wak'd him, you should enjoy half his revenue.' My son Edgar! Had he a hand to write this? a heart and brain to b
tion, and the start of spleen, To fight against me under Percy's pay, To dog his heels and curtsy at his frowns, To show how much thou a
 sink and with no guide to point the track. Tell me then what it was that you meant, and I will promise to convey your warning to Sir Henry." An ex
sues, but have a fog in them That I cannot look through. Away, I prithee; Do as I bid thee. There's no more to say; Accessible is none but Milford way. Exeunt SCENE III. Wales. A mountainous country 
hould deal double with her, truly it were an ill thing to be off'red to any gentlewoman, and very weak dealing. Rom. Nurse, commend me to thy lady and mistress. I protest unt
mouth for days on end. You must not think I am sulky when I do that. Just let me alone, and I'll soon be right. What have you to confess now? It's just as well for two fellows to know the wors
 head had been smashed to pulp by heavy blows of a sandbag or some such instrument, which had crushed rather than wounded. It is a lonely corner, and there i
rs of happy days befall My gracious sovereign, my most loving liege! MOWBRAY. Each day still better other's happiness Until 
ianus here. AARON. My gracious lord, here is the bag of gold. SATURNINUS. [To TITUS] Two of thy whelps, fell curs of bloody kind, Hav
 seen him more serious than usual. 'Sometimes I think that we never shall,' he has answered." "Surely you asked him what he meant by t
vided his hoard, he threw himself into the cause of the Sepoys, since they were strong upon his borders. By doing this, mark 
tune: how a usurer's wife was brought to bed of twenty money-bags at a burden, and how she long'd to eat adders' heads and toads carbonado'd. MOPSA.
ector may suggest will most certainly be done." "In the first place," said Holmes, "I should like you to offer a reward--coming from yourself, for the officials may take a little t
 fury not dissembled speaks his griefs. Then at my suit look graciously on him; Lose not so noble a friend on vain suppose, Nor with sour looks afflict 
while she kept it, 'Twould make her amiable and subdue my father Entirely to her love, but if she lost it Or made a gift of it, my
 when she list, all is as she will; and truly she deserves it; for if there be a kind woman in Winds
stoop she must not be full-gorg'd, For then she never looks upon her lure. Another way I have to man my haggard, To make her come, and know her keeper's call, That is, to watch her, as we
rn to th' court of guard. The night Is shiny, and they say we shall embattle By th' second hour i' th' morn. FIRST WATCH. This last
ardly that, Watson. There are some points which are as dark as ever. But we have so much that it will be our own fault if we cannot get the rest. W
re by the King. Exeunt all but the PRINCE Why doth the crown lie there upon his pillow, Being so troublesome a bedfellow? O polish'd perturbation! go
ought the Queen To a prepar'd place in the choir, fell of A distance from her, while her Grace sat down To rest awhile, some ha
s. On the evening of the third he rushed into our sitting-room, pale, trembling, with every muscle of his powerful fram
until the early hours of the morning. Such an excursion could not be kept secret. The probability was, therefore, t
, And the quaint mazes in the wanton green, For lack of tread, are undistinguishable. The human mortals want their winter here; No night is now with hymn or carol blest; Therefore the mo
 that the servants do not sleep in the house." While Ferrier was absent, preparing his daughter for the a
I had the tea-tray in my hand. I thought I would come back for the key. Then I forgot." "Has the outer door a spring lock?" "No, sir." "Then it 
thee, thy record never can be missed: That poor retention could not so much hold, Nor need I tallies thy dear love to score, Therefore to give them from me was I bold, To 
at it was at which my friend lashed so savagely. I could, however, see that his face was deadly pale and filled with hor
if he was shaking the dying man, and it was all that I could do to hold myself quiet in my hiding-place. "You must hear me. You s
sense withal Of it own fail, restraining aid to Timon, And send forth us to make their sorrowed render, Together with a recomp
 came within a few minutes of your leaving." "And to what effect?" Mycroft Holmes took out a sheet of paper. "Here it is," said he, "written with a J pen on royal cream 
 wind; And in our sight they three were taken up By fishermen of Corinth, as we thought. At length another ship had seiz'd on us; And, knowing whom it was t
purged the gentle weal; Ay, and since too, murthers have been perform'd Too terrible for the ear. The time has been, That, when the brains were out, the man would die, And there an end
 write in thee the figures of their love, Ever to read them thine. TIMON. You witch me in it; Surprise me to the very brink of tears. Lend me a fool's heart and a woman's eyes, And I'll 
e same sheets. EMILIA. Come, come, you talk. DESDEMONA. My mother had a maid call'd Barbary; She was in love, and he she loved proved mad And did forsake her.
 While there she had made the acquaintance of a Dr. Shlessinger and his wife, a missionary from South America. Like most lonely lad
ould ever induce him to set up a female establishment after the manner of his companions. He never gave reasons for this persistent
igh to be hurl'd down below, A mother only mock'd with two fair babes, A dream of what thou wast, a garish flag To be the aim of every dangerous shot, A 
The noble Scot, Lord Douglas, when he saw The fortune of the day quite turn'd from him, The Noble Percy slain and all his men Upon the foot of fear, fled wit
 it would be an imprudence to leave so precious a thing in the office behind me. Bankers' safes had been forced before now, and why should not
The wretched animal heav'd forth such groans That their discharge did stretch his leathern coat Almost to bursting; and the big round tears Cou
ling'ring pickle. MESSENGER. Gracious madam, I that do bring the news made not the match. CLEOPATRA. Say 'tis not so, a province I will give thee, And make thy f
march. THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG 
sed in a gray suit and wearing a straw hat. A tin box for botanical specimens hung over his shoulder and he carried a green butterfly-net in one of his hands. "You will, I
ht for a woman. I promised I'd come to her soon. I said a word or two to Barker--he took it all in at a glance--and we waited for
lliver and Vixen Tor. Over the wide expanse there was no sound and no movement. One great gray bird, a gull or curlew, soared aloft in the blue heaven. He and I seemed to be the only living 
t shot and miss'd. TRANIO. O, sir, Lucentio slipp'd me like his greyhound, Which runs himself, and catc
 fleer and scorn at our solemnity? Now, by the stock and honour of my kin, To strike him dead I hold it not a sin. Cap. Why, how now, kinsman? Wherefore storm you
-ache! for that, methinks, is the curse depending on those that war for a placket. I have said my prayers; and devil Envy say 'Amen.' What ho! my Lord Achilles! Enter PA
 I saw her once Hop forty paces through the public street; And, having lost her breath, she spoke, and panted, That she did make defect perfection, A
 stuck his feet up on the corner of the mantelpiece and, leaning back with his hands in his pockets, began talking, rather to himself, as it seemed, than to u
her in his love. He is enamour'd on Hero. I pray you dissuade him from her; she is no equal for his birth. You may do the part of an honest man in it. Claud. How know you he loves her? John. I 
l mind may be at fault. Each may form his own hypothesis upon the present evidence, and yours is as l
r fane nor Capitol, The prayers of priests nor times of sacrifice, Embarquements all of fury, shall lift up Their rotten privilege and custom 'gainst My hate to Marcius. Wher
, I am not able to do- the more beast, I say! I was sending to use Lord Timon myself, these gentlemen can witness; but I would not for the wealth 
et rid of on account of their noisy and irregular habits. The police are of opinion that this outrage may have been perpetrated upon Miss
my sun one early morn did shine, With all triumphant splendour on my brow, But out alack, he was but one hou
g," he said. "Good!" said McGinty. The giant was in his shirt sleeves, with chains and seals gleaming athwart his ample
o took sides with one of the loungers, and by the scissors-grinder, who was equally hot upon the other side. A blow was struck
ungest son of Sir Rowland de Boys. FREDERICK. I would thou hadst been son to some man else. The world esteem'd thy father honourable, But I did find him still mine enemy. Thou
u can; the Frenchmen are our enemies. Go to, then, I ask but this: can he that speaks with the tongue of an enemy be a good counsellor, or no? ALL. No, no; and therefore we'll have his head. WI
hat of the Musgrave Ritual, and it is to the interest which was aroused by that singular chain of events, and
s it?" the Mormon asked uneasily. "Be quick. The very rocks have ears and the trees eyes." "What has become of Lucy Ferrier?" "She was married yesterday to youn
ame to the broad, light-green belt which marked the morass between us and Holdernesse. Certainly, if the lad
" "But the cause remains as obscure as before. Come into the arbour here and let us discuss it together. That villainous stuff seems still to linger round my throat. I think we
ho had the design to alarm these people would be compelled to place his very face against the glass be
re are the horses, there is the smithy. Yes, it is an interesting place, this Fighting Cock. I think we shall have another look at it in an unobtrusive
 Pluck the lin'd crutch from thy old limping sire, With it beat out his brains. Piety and fear, Religion to the gods, peace, justice, truth, Dom
ked at the man earnestly. He was trembling in every limb. He poured some whisky into a glass and handed it to him. "That's the physic for
mes in the next few days I saw him take his slip of paper from his note-book and look long and earnestly at the cu
 Or to the place of diff'rence call the swords Which must decide it. ARCHBISHOP. My lord, we will do so. Exit WESTMORELAND MOWBRAY. There is a thing within my bosom tells me That no conditions
ing on the red earth new turned by the plough and the broad tangle of the woodlands. The road in front of us grew bleaker and wilder over huge russet and olive sl
urning the streams to threads of gold and glowing on the red earth new turned by the plough and the broad tangle of the woodlands. The r
. I am the turned forth, be it known to you, That have preserv'd her welfare in my blood And from her bosom took the enemy's point, S
onfess the truth, and say by whose advice Thou cam'st here to complain. ISABELLA. And is this all? Then, O you blessed ministers above, Keep me in patience; and, with ripened time, Unfold the 
ood to thee. Music, and a song. This is a sleepy tune. O murtherous slumber, Layest thou thy leaden mace upon my boy That plays thee music? Gentle knave, good night. I will
. Hast thou not kiss'd thy hand and held my stirrup, Bareheaded plodded by my foot-cloth mule, And thought thee hap
ich by thy younger brother is supplied, And art almost an alien to the hearts Of all the court and princes of my blood. The hope and expectation of thy time 
he man was a danger to the community, an unmitigated scoundrel for whom there was neither pity nor excuse. We were only doing our duty in taking this chance of putting him back where 
method was no doubt suggested to Clay's ingenious mind by the colour of his accomplice's hair. The £4 a week was a lure which must draw him, and what was it 
 I see you all are bent To set against me for your merriment. If you were civil and knew courtesy, You would not do me thus much inj
I owed you a little mystification, Lestrade, for your chaff in the morning." "Well, sir, you certainly got equal with me on that. But
detain you here some month or two Before you venture for me. I could teach you How to choose right, but then I am forsworn; So will I never be; so may you miss me; But if 
o bear your griefs yourself, and leave me out; For, by this heaven, now at our sorrows pale, Say what thou canst, I'll go along with thee. ROSALIND. Why, whither shall we go? CELIA. To seek my uncl
rother's here, And at my lovely Tamora's entreats, I do remit these young men's heinous faults. Stand up. Lavinia, though you left me like a churl, I found a friend; and sure as death I swore I wo
he Duke is coming from the temple; and there is two or three lords and ladies more married. If our sport had gone forward, we had all been made men. FLUTE. O sweet bully Bottom! T
eantime you must make yourself contented by the consciousness of success, like the Roman miser-- "'Populus me sibilat, at mihi plaudo Ipse domi simul
es have you, my friend, which would make your services so valuable? Or is it possible that--" He began biting his nails and staring blankly 
of time. "'Mr. Hall Pycroft, I believe?' said he. "'Yes, sir,' I answered, pushing a chair towards him. "'L
take heed, for such die miserable. Go get thee to thy love, as was decreed, Ascend her chamber, hence and 
mph, This siren that will charm Rome's Saturnine, And see his shipwreck and his commonweal's. Hullo! what storm is this? Enter CHIRON and DEM
ay roll of paper from his bureau, 'is the original of that secret treaty between England and Italy of which, I regret to say, some rumors have already got into the public press. It i
cess could not arbitrate. And though the mourning brow of progeny Forbid the smiling courtesy of love The holy suit which fain it would convince, Yet, since love's argument was first on foot, Let 
. O, would the King, Berowne and Longaville, Were lovers too! Ill, to example ill, Would from my forehead wipe
D. I would try, if I could cry 'hem' and have him. CELIA. Come, come, wrestle with thy affections. ROSALIND. 
oved or confirmed at our leisure. Then we went to the garden, as you remember, and we saw the very singular contents of the little yellow box. "The st
itizens of London to this most pitiable pass? We waited, all curiosity, until with another effort he braced himself to tell his story. "I feel that time is of value," said he; "that is w
nglings, not Enceladus, With all his threat'ning band of Typhon's brood, Nor great Alcides, nor the god of war, Shall seize
 as I think- for truly would I speak, And now I do bethink me, so it is- I came with Hermia hither. Our intent Was to be gone fr
in writing all the morning to the Professor's dictation, and he usually spent the evening in hunting up references and passages which 
 thief. Gads. Go to; 'homo' is a common name to all men. Bid the ostler bring my gelding out of the stable. Farewell, you muddy knave. Exeunt. Scene II. The highway near Gadshill. Enter Prince and Po
aithful and anointed queen. For your expenses and sufficient charge, Among the people gather up a tenth. Be gone, I say; for till you 
imself, and all their lives That by indictment and by dint of sword Have since miscarried under Bolingbroke. WESTMORELAND. You speak, Lord Mowbray, now you know not what. The Earl of Hereford was 
Elders, and the result had been the secession of a certain number of the malcontents, who had left Utah and become Gentile
od lady and would not have knaves thrive long under her? There's a cardecue for you. Let the justices make you and Fortune friends; I am for other business.
sort to her confidential maid, and of her very significant allusion to claim-jumping--which in miners' parlance means 
t carry her word quickly. She'll make you amends, I warrant you. FALSTAFF. Well, I Will visit her. Tell her so; and bid her 
e known him for some time," said I, "but I never knew him do anything yet without a very good reason," and with that our conv
to keep him from fainting. "There! there!" said Holmes, soothing, patting him upon the shoulder. "It was too bad to spring it on you
to have his worth Of contradiction; being once chaf'd, he cannot Be rein'd again to temperance; then he speaks What's in his heart, and that is ther
ul, why not Ned and I For once allow'd the skilful pilot's charge? We will not from the helm to sit and weep, But keep our course
e ranks of many thousand French, O, then how quickly should this arm of mine, Now prisoner to the palsy, chastise th
ib'd by th' consuls and patricians, Together with the seal o' th' Senate, what We have compounded on. AUFID
 Exeunt the DUCHESS and the other prisoners, guarded Mine eyes are full of tears, my heart of grief. Ah, Humphrey, this dishonour in thine age Will bring thy head with sorrow to the ground! I be
ney for the West. But what a caravan! When the head of it had reached the base of the mountains, the rear was not
 I left the country at present. Therefore I shall expect to meet you in the smoking-room of the Charing Cross Hotel at noon on Saturday. Remember that only English notes
urally, the coachman's first thought, on finding that he could do nothing for his master, was to open the door. But here an unexpected and singular difficulty presented itself. T
 den in the farthest east of the City. Hitherto his orgies had always been confined to one day, and 
Wherein the fortune of ten thousand men Must bide the touch; for, sir, at Shrewsbury, As I am truly given to understand, The King with migh
Without the privity o' th' King-t' appoint Who should attend on him? He makes up the file Of all the gentry; for the most part such To whom as great a c
ho tore the paper from the dead man's hand. But if it was not he, it must have been Alec Cunningham himself, for by the time 
t is in the public prints, nothing more. I presume that I may take it as correct--this article, for example, as to the disappearance of the bride." Lord St. Simon glanced over it. "Yes, it
watched the place, but the door was never left open. Last night I made a last attempt. What I did and how I succeeded, you have already lea
 out of the stable? If he wished to injure it why could he not do it there? Has a duplicate key been found in his possession? What chemist sold him the powdered
produce the signs of old age, even when the invalid is a youth. In this case, looking at the bold, strong hand of the one, and the rather broken-
each of the terrible organization whose enmity they had incurred. He little knew how far that iron grasp could reach, or how soon it was to close upon them and crush them. About the midd
And hit the woundless air.- O, come away! My soul is full of discord and dismay. Exeunt. Scene II. Elsinore. A passage in the Castle. Enter Hamlet. Ham. Safely stow'd. Ge
eign in this kingdom? ALL. Seek to know no more. MACBETH. I will be satisfied! Deny me this, And an e
pedlar, who appeared to me to be much excited, and who was closely followed by a slipshod elderly woman. On another occasion an old white-haired gentleman had an interview with my companion; an
y house within the city Is richly furnished with plate and gold, Basins and ewers to lave her dainty hands; My hangings all of Tyr
 have a word with the prisoners, but you will certainly see me back at luncheon time." Sherlock Holmes was as good as his word, fo
ld tell you tales of cobbler's wax which would disgust you with human nature.' He stepped over to the window and shouted through 
ech you, sir, To let me be partaker. CAESAR. Doubt not, sir; I knew it for my bond. Exeunt SCENE V. Alexan
'd. SAY. The trust I have is in mine innocence, And therefore am I bold and resolute. Exeunt SCENE V. London. The
micircle of Mounts Bay, that old death trap of sailing vessels, with its fringe of black cliffs and surge-swept ree
st stage of my adventure. Upper Swandam Lane is a vile alley lurking behind the high wharves which line the north side of the river
uld care to try?" "Not for worlds. But why were you doing this?" "Because it seemed to me to have an indirect bearing upon the mystery of Woodman's Lee. Ah, Hopkins, I go
d to see your men go down like this?" Von Bork flushed crimson. "How dare you speak in such a way!" "
st, basest, poorest, Of this most wise rebellion, thou goest foremost. Thou rascal, that art worst in bloo
lish, that shall go to Constantinople and take the Turk by the beard? Shall we not? What say'st thou, my fair flower-de-luce? KATHERINE. I do not know dat. KING HEN
 Or I would see his heart out ere the priest Should ever get that privilege of me. WARWICK. Behold, my Lord of Winchester, the Duke Hath banish'd moody disconte
 passion And bear with mildness my misfortune's cross; Ay, ay, for this I draw in many a tear And stop the rising of blood-sucking sighs, Lest w
the ear, And but in purged judgment trusting neither? Such and so finely bolted didst thou seem; And thus thy fall hath left a kind of blot To mark the full-fraught man and best i
 health, and England's too, With, hoo! such bugs and goblins in my life- That, on the supervise, no leisure ba
s height and hair and figure, about the same as my own. No one could swear to his face, poor devil! I brought down this suit of
dwelling and made him her place; And when in his fair parts she did abide, She was new lodged and newly deified.
ir exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts, His acts being seven ages. At first the infant, Mewling and puking in the nurse's arm
 thrive; for Gloucester's bastard son Was kinder to his father than my daughters Got 'tween the lawful sheets. To't, luxury, pell-mell! for I lack soldiers. Behold yond simp'ring dame, Whose face
 I stood for five minutes thinking the business over, and trying to analyze my impressions. I could not tell if the face were that of a man or a woman. It had been too far from me for that. But its c
Shylock, for his own part, knew the bird was flidge; and then it is the complexion of them all to leave the dam. SHYLOCK. She is damn'd for it. SALERIO. That's certain, if the
, he saw her standing beside him. One glance at her pale, frightened face showed him that she had heard what had passed. "I could not help it," she
 Lies in his hamstring, and doth think it rich To hear the wooden dialogue and sound 'Twixt his stretch'd f
ipe from his lips and sat up in his chair like an old hound who hears the view-halloa. He waved his hand to the sofa, and our palpitating visitor with his agitated
RD. Sir, it was I. JAQUES. Let's present him to the Duke, like a Roman conqueror; and it would do well to set the deer's horns upon his head for a branch of victory.
light on me. Pol. Come, go with me. I will go seek the King. This is the very ecstasy of love, Whose violent property fordoes itself And leads
ects her most, It most of all these reasons bindeth us In our opinions she should be preferr'd; For what is wedlock forced but a hell, An age of discord and continual str
e me rig my navy, at whose burden The anger'd ocean foams; with which I meant To scourge th' ingratitude that despiteful Rome Cast on my noble father. CAESAR. Take your ti
ent when no constable was watching me, together with a hurried scrawl, telling her that she had no cause to fear." "That note only
Or durst not for his craven heart say thus. SOMERSET. By Him that made me, I'll maintain my words On any plot of ground in Christendom. Was not thy father, Richard Earl of Ca
 perusal of my face As he would draw it. Long stay'd he so. At last, a little shaking of mine arm, And thrice his head thus waving up and down, He rais'd a sigh so piteous and profoun
nding to our quest," said he. "It cannot be long before we know it. Come, Pompey! Ah, it is the cottage in the field!" There could be no doubt that we had reached the end of our journey. 
- I mean the Bishop-did require a respite Wherein he might the King his lord advertise Whether our daughter were legitimate, Respecting this our marriage with the dowager, Sometimes 
ind that the Cunninghams, father and son, had written this letter. "Having got so far, my next step was, of course, to examine into the details of the
rted for the Temple to see my husband. "We both thought the best resource was flight, when pursued by so formidable an antagon
eceiving the bad air. CASSIUS. But, soft, I pray you, what, did Caesars wound? CASCA. He fell down in the marketplace and foamed at mouth and was speechless. B
thing in the between but getting wenches with child, wronging the ancientry, stealing, fighting- [Horns] Hark you now! Would any but these boil'
r day in the corner which I had first chosen, inspiring pity by my ghastly face and filling my pockets with coppers. Only one man knew my secret. He was the keeper of a low d
 through the head and flattened itself on the wall. I picked it up from the carpet. Here it is!" Holmes held it out to me. "A soft revolver bullet, as you perceive, Watson. Th
nd which the landlady wanted you to put out of its pain yesterday." I went downstairs and carried the dog upstair in my arms. It's laboured breathing and gla
old, And the late dignities heap'd up to them, We rest your hermits. DUNCAN. Where's the Thane of Cawdor? We coursed him at the heels and had a purpose To be his purveyor; b
y chance the moon broke through the clouds. We rushed over the brow of the hill, and there was our man running with great
 tale to the police; but, between ourselves, if it were not for the convincing evidence of this wound of mine, I 
 whether the place was still open when I received this letter from the gentleman himself. I have it here and I will read it to you: "'The Copper Beeches, near Winchester. "'Dear Miss Hunter
tell you the queerest part of the whole story. I had hardly got outside the hut when I heard someone coming, and I hid among the bushes. A man came slinking along, went 
ature of the sickness found, Ulysses, What is the remedy? ULYSSES. The great Achilles, whom opinion crowns The sinew and the forehand of our host, Having his ear full of his airy
ere lies the scene. From isles of Greece The princes orgillous, their high blood chaf'd, Have to the port o
orse for the smoking." "Ah!" said Holmes, "but it kills the appetite." "Well, I don't know about that, sir." "I suppose 
art, and the thirty-six stones were the finest that I have ever seen. At one side of the coronet was a cracked edge, where a corner holdi
rn which the theories of the reasoner used then to excite in the practical man. "Anything good?" he asked. "The biggest thi
k: as in this haughty great attempt They laboured to plant the rightful heir, I lost my liberty, and they their lives. Long after this, when Henry the Fift
Dismount thy tuck, be yare in thy preparation, for thy assailant is quick, skilful, and deadly. VIOLA. You mistake, sir; I am sure no man hath any quarrel
t that I was annoyed at the sardonic interruption. "Really, Holmes," said I severely, "you are a little trying at times." He was too much absorbed with his own thoughts to gi
s's back was turned you released the man who was hiding in that bedroom." Bannister licked his dry lips. "There was no man, sir." "Ah,
. So had you need; I scarce can speak to thank you for myself. DUKE SENIOR. Welcome; fall to. I will not trouble you As yet to question you
e me, as you say you do, Let me persuade you to forbear awhile. KING HENRY. O, how this discord doth afflict my soul! Can you, my Lord of Wincheste
etter of you than you have or will to deserve at my hand; but we must do good against evil. Exit PAROLLES. An idle lord, I swe
mp thy master well. HORNER. Masters, I am come hither, as it were, upon my man's instigation, to prove him a knave and myself an honest man; and touching the Du
ssociated you with the crime, Colonel," said he. "The real murderer is standing immediately behind you." He stepped past and laid his hand upon the glossy neck of the thoroughbr
KE. There is a lady, in Verona here, Whom I affect; but she is nice, and coy, And nought esteems my aged eloquence. Now, therefore, would I have thee t
it As she is priz'd to have) as to refuse So rare a gentleman as Signior Benedick. Hero. He is the only man of Italy, Always excepted my dear Claudio. Urs. 
lete case." "It did not seem to me conclusive." "You astonish me, Mr. Holmes. What more could one ask for?" "Does your explanation cover every point?" "Undoubtedly. I find that young Neligan 
daily run to wrack, The Dauphin hath prevail'd beyond the seas, And all the peers and nobles of the realm Have been as bondmen to thy sovereignty. CARDINAL. The commons hast thou
e them to you. I have only just recovered from nine weeks of brain-fever, and am still exceedingly weak. Do you think that you
I were gone. It was two ere I left him, and now the clock strikes one. ADRIANA. The hours come back! That did I never hear. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. 
len." "Could it not have been dropped from a bridge?" "I should say it was impossible. If you examine the roofs you will find that they are slightly rounded, and there is no
ave old swearing That they did give the rings away to men; But we'll outface them, and outswear them too. [Aloud] Away, make haste, thou know'st where I will tarry. NERISSA. 
breakfast." "Indeed. This is more interesting than it promised to be; quite dramatic, in fact." "Yes; it struck me as bein
r defunction of King Pharamond, Idly suppos'd the founder of this law; Who died within the year of our redemption Four hun
 powers to death, And, winking, leapt into destruction. HASTINGS. But, by your leave, it never yet did hurt To lay down li
his page; And so may I, blind Fortune leading me, Miss that which one unworthier may attain, And die with grieving. PORTIA. You
ood lord; But never hope to know why I should marry her. KING. Thou know'st she has rais'd me from my sickly bed. BERTRAM. But follows it,
 I. "Yes, I am." "Well, you know what my instructions are. I am sorry to intrude, but you heard how ear
 prettily and aptly taunts himself. So cunning and so young is wonderful. GLOUCESTER. My lord, will't please you pass along? Myself and my good cousin Buckingham Will to your mother, to entreat o
s a swift and pleasant one, and I spent it in making the more intimate acquaintance of my two companions and in playing with Dr. Mortimer's spaniel
 'I'll be back before long.' And with that he ups and he outs, and all I could say wouldn't hold him back." "Well, well, you did your best," said Holmes, as we walked in
 another; for he is not like to marry me well; and not being well married, it will be a good excuse for me hereafter to leave my wife. JAQUES. Go thou with me, and let me counsel 
th I pray for heartily, that it may find Good time, and live; but for the stock, Sir Thomas, I wish it grubb'd up now. LOVELL. Methinks I could Cry thee amen; and yet my conscience says She's a good 
substance had dried upon it. The blunt end had been trimmed and rounded off with a knife. "Is that an English thorn?" he asked. "No, it certainly is not." "With all these data you should be
e near at hand; I may miscarry in't. IAGO. Here, at thy hand, be bold, and take thy stand. Retires. RODERIGO. I have no great devotion to t
ay befall him to his harm and ours. Therefore, Lord Oxford, to prevent the worst, Forthwith we'll send him hence to Brittany, Till storms be past of civil enmity. OXFORD. Ay, for
truant at his tales, And younger hearings are quite ravished; So sweet and voluble is his discourse. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. God bless my ladies! Are they all in love, That every one her own hath g
tted into his valise. He could have carried it inside his overcoat without difficulty." "And how do you consider that all this bears upon the general case?" "Well, Mr. H
o control his writhing features. The next he had thrown himself on his knees beside the table and, buryi
vouchsafe it. KING. But your legs should do it. ROSALINE. Since you are strangers, and come here by chance, We'll not be nice; take hands. We 
 they are not men o' their words! They told me I was everything. 'Tis a lie- I am not ague-proof. Glou. The trick of that voice I do well remember. Is't
ognize in one of them the Greek interpreter who had parted from us only a few hours before at the Diogenes Club. His hands and feet were securely strapped together, and he bore over one eye the ma
ght their souls whose bodies Richard murder'd Came to my tent and cried on victory. I promise you my soul is very jocund In the remembrance 
 I cannot tell vat is dat; but it is tell-a me dat you make grand preparation for a Duke de Jamany. By my trot, dere is no
 Shame to the Duke of Burgundy and thee! I vow'd, base knight, when I did meet thee next To tear the Garter from thy craven's leg, [Plucking it off] Which I have done, because unworthily Thou wa
ivered to the King her father'- [Lets the paper fall] KING HENRY. Uncle, how now! GLOUCESTER. Pardon me, gracious lord; Some sudden qualm hath struck me at the heart, And dimm'd mine ey
ything on the back of the card?" I turned it over. "Will call at 6.30--C.A.M.," I read. "Hum! He's ab
back into the darkest corner, and cocked the pistol in my pocket, determined not to discover myself until I had an opportunity of seeing something of the stranger. There was a long pause which showe
e allowed the girl to do so. We heard her say, 'Mother, there are two men in the house waiting to see you,' and an instant aft
it," said the inspector with a grin. "Well, I have been twenty-seven years in the force, but this really takes the cake." "If I am Mr. Neville St. Clair, then it is obvious that no crime has b
search of the missing girl. It was not difficult to tell the direction which she had taken, for, starting fro
ly across the room and pushed at the door. It was fastened on the inner side. Following his example, we threw ourselves upon it w
it is now the sky; betwixt the firmament and it you cannot thrust a bodkin's point. SHEPHERD. Why, boy, how is it? CLOWN. I would you 
evil dost thou in Warwickshire? My good Lord of Westmoreland, I cry you mercy. I thought your honour had already been at Shr
me are pack'd and lock'd Up in my heart, which I have given already, But not deliver'd. O, hear me breathe m
s; I heard the proclamation. And then it was when the unhappy King (Whose wrongs in us God pardon!) did se
ld be made to "Project Gutenberg/IBC", and are tax deductible to the extent allowable by law ("IBC" is Illinois Benedictine College). (Subsc
e fire. Again and again he did it, until the safe was empty. Someone turned the handle and beat upon the outside of the door. Holmes look
 light, The seas wax'd calm, and we discovered Two ships from far making amain to us- Of Corinth that, of Epidaurus this. But ere they came-O, let me say no more! Gather the sequel by that 
that is where we din'd, Where Dowsabel did claim me for her husband. She is too big, I hope, for me to compass. Thither I must, although against my w
into its hole to develop his pictures. That is his main fault, but on the whole he's a good worker. There's no vice in him." "He is still with you, I presume?" "Yes, sir. He and
ote The night of dew that on my cheeks down flows; Nor shines the silver moon one half so bright Through the transparent bosom of the deep, As doth 
 sullen sorrow And pluck nights from me, but not lend a morrow; Thou can'st help time to furrow me with age, But stop no wrinkle in hi
f darkness to some ship at Gravesend or in the Downs, where no doubt they had already arranged for passages to America or the Colonies." "But the launch? They could not have taken that to their 
ich my mother had left was enough for all our wants, and there seemed to be no obstacle to our happiness. "But a terrible change came over our stepfather about this time. Instead of making friend
AT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE 1. Troy. A street Enter, at one side, AENEAS, and servant with a torch; at another, PARIS, DEIPHOBUS, ANTENOR, DI
but 'love' and 'dove'; Speak to my gossip Venus one fair word, One nickname for her purblind son and heir, Young Adam Cupid, 
pposition, and I examined the room narrowly for anything in the shape of a hiding-place. The carpet seemed continuous and firmly nailed
ir ladies, and a measure To lead 'em once again; and then let's dream Who's best in favour. Let the music knock it. Exeunt, with trumpets <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF 
 my sword, and do contest As hotly and as nobly with thy love As ever in ambitious strength I did Contend against thy valour. Know thou first, I lov'
f! My wife and three children came with me. I started a dry goods store on Market Square, and I prospered well. The word had gone rou
nch window and threw it open. "There are no signs here, but the ground is iron hard, and one would not expect them. I see 
ardly ever be said to be sober. His manners towards the maid-servants were disgustingly free and familiar. Worst of all, he speedily assumed the same a
m him? Why comes he not himself? Mess. He cannot come, my lord; he is grievous sick. Hot. Zounds! how has he the leisure to be sick In such a justling time? W
ous Romans did extort This tribute from us, we were free. Caesar's ambition- Which swell'd so much that it did almost 
 That e'er did lift up eye. OTHELLO. [Rises.] O, she was foul! I scarce did know you, uncle; there lies 
uld hourly die Rather than die at once!) taught me to shift Into a madman's rags, t' assume a semblance Tha
lmes and I had listened with the utmost interest to this extraordinary statement, which had been delivered in the jerky, broken fashion of a man who is under the influence of extreme emotio
. I didn't hear no one else." "I am sorry, Mrs. Smith, for I wanted a steam launch, and I have heard good reports of the--Let me see, what is her name?" "The Aurora, sir." "Ah! She's not that old g
 doth show her wit incomparable; All her perfections challenge sovereignty. One way or other, she is for a king; 
 love unto his dumb deaf trunk; And with my fingers feel his hand un-feeling; But all in vain are the
he look in his eyes when he ran at me this morning, but I must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he has done." "Did he give any explanation of his conduct?" "His sister 
presumably his overcoat, in his flight, and must have had the hardihood to return and to carry it away at the i
follows in his thought that I am he. These, as I learn, and such like toys as these Hath mov'd his Highness to commit me now. GLOUCESTER. Why, this it is when men are rul'd by women: 'Tis 
young men, maids, Who having no external thing to lose But the word 'maid,' cheats the poor maid of tha
eakfast to the Lowther Arcade, through which I hurried at the top of my speed. A brougham was waiting 
 and above the age of twenty-one years, are eligible. Apply in person on Monday, at eleven o'clock, to Duncan Ross, at the offices of the League, 7 Pope's Court, Fleet Street." "What on e
on!" cried the baronet. "See, the other moves also! Now, you rascal, do you deny that it is a signal? Come, speak up! Who is your 
utters for the day and to come right away with me. He was very willing to have a holiday, so we shut the b
ssed round the garden without seeing anything more than random tracks, which I took to be the police; but when I got 
 these was the hamlet of Tredannick Wollas, where the cottages of a couple of hundred inhabitants clustered round an ancient, moss-grown church. The vicar of the parish,
es to have the heels of us!" She had slipped unseen through the yard-entrance and passed behind two 
which gave the impression of actual, physical deformity. I remember that during our short visit we found the vicar garrulous, but his lodger strangely reticent, a sad-faced, introspective man, sittin
ed between the livid creases of skin. Then we carried him into the other room, where he lay with a clay-colored fac
e sun; and the moist star Upon whose influence Neptune's empire stands Was sick almost to doomsday with eclipse. And even the like precurse of fierce events, As har
rkable, as the night was rainy, cloudy, and dark. Anyone who had the design to alarm these people would be compelled to place his very face against the glass before 
 He lay in the roadway so shaken in his wits that he never saw what became of the cab. When he picked himself up he found he was on Hampstead Heath; so he took a
, cracking the stones of the foresaid prunes- FROTH. Ay, so I did indeed. POMPEY. Why, very well; I telling you then, if you be rem
rather see the swords and hear a drum than look upon his schoolmaster. VALERIA. O' my word, the fath
y, this is the short and the long of it: you have brought her into such a canaries as 'tis wonderful. The best courtier
out unless the weather was exceptionally genial, and I had no friends who would call upon me and break the monotony of my daily existence. Under these circumstances, I eagerly hailed t
wilt amend thy life? AUTOLYCUS. Ay, an it like your good worship. CLOWN. Give me thy hand. I will swear to the Prince thou art as honest a true fellow as any is i
rimean war was at its height, and the old convict ships had been largely used as transports in the Black Sea. The government was compelled, the
lope which was found in his pocket, was John Openshaw, and whose residence is near Horsham. It is conjectured that he may have been hurrying down t
ning which was given by the Prime Minister. Good heavens, to think that within a few hours I should myself have lost it!" His handsome face was distorted with a spasm o
d of which was hinged upwards, with this curious old-fashioned key projecting from the lock. It was fur
cut, whose will still wills It should none spare that come within his power. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Some merry mocking lord, belike; is
n as I see you now. FABIAN. This was a great argument of love in her toward you. AGUECHEEK. 'Slight! will you make an ass o' 
hen I read you the passage in one of Poe's sketches in which a close reasoner follows the unspoken thoughts of his companion, you were inclined to treat the matter as a mere tour-de-force o
r of hers?" "I can't say that he ever did." "I dare say not. I always thought him sane enough until to-day, but you can take it from
ve it; yea, and can show it you here in the house. And, Falstaff, you carried your guts away as nimbly, with as quick dexterity, and
m? GUIDERIUS. By good Euriphile, our mother. ARVIRAGUS. Be't so; And let us, Polydore, though now our voices Have got the mannish crack, sing him to th' ground, A
 asked. "He is looking up at the numbers of the houses." "I believe that he is coming here," said Holmes,
y discharge of their artillery And shape of likelihood the news was told; For he that brought them, in the very heat 
ot to blame." "We must get on the main scent again, I suppose." "Yes. And, fortunately, we have no distance to go. Evidently what puzzled the dog at the
 A curse shall light upon the limbs of men; Domestic fury and fierce civil strife Shall cumber all the parts of Italy; Blood and destruc
h a down right blow! YORK. Dispatch- this knave's tongue begins to double. Sound, trumpets, alarum to the combatants! [Alarum. They fight and PETER stri
 have a father klll'd, a mother stain'd, Excitements of my reason and my blood, And let all sleep, while to my shame I see The imminent death of twenty thousand men T
ink in silver she's immur'd, Being ten times undervalued to tried gold? O sinful thought! Never so rich a gem Was set in worse than gold. They have
t prove so. And yet I know not- thou didst hate her deadly, And she is dead; which nothing, but to close Her eyes myself, could win m
omes a poet and a painter. The plague of company light upon thee! I will fear to catch it, and give way. When I
y our noble and chaste mistress the moon, under whose countenance we steal. Prince. Thou sayest well, and it holds well too; for the fortune o
y with rage and extreme toll, Breathless and faint, leaning upon my sword, Came there a certain lord,
ther, Bess, and let me kiss my boy. Young Ned, for thee thine uncles and myself Have in our armours watch'd the winter's night, Went all afoot in summer's scalding heat
 Sir Robert and my land; Legitimation, name, and all is gone. Then, good my mother, let me know my father- Some proper man, I hope. Who wa
persuasions and our threats. This morning he was removed to a cell, and I, after going through all the police 
s o'er dull and speechless tribes. And thou in this shalt find thy monument, When tyrants' crests and tombs of brass are spent. 108 Wha
 IMOGEN. No court, no father, nor no more ado With that harsh, noble, simple nothing- That Cloten, whose love-suit hath been to me As fearful as a siege. PISANIO. If not at cour
rance was a delicate wench. SEBASTIAN. Ay, and a subtle; as he most learnedly deliver'd. ADRIAN. The 
 melancholy downs. Rain squalls drifted across their russet face, and the heavy, slate-coloured clouds hung low over the landscape, trailing in gray wreaths down the
parated, he driving back to the Temple, and she to her own house. 'I shall drive out in the park at five as usua
hy swelling heart. WINCHESTER. Gloucester, I do defy thee. Lords, vouchsafe To give me hearing what I shall reply. If I were covetous, ambitious, or perverse, As he will have me, how am I
quity, give her patent to offend, for, if it touch not you, it comes near nobody. OTHELLO. I will chop her into messes. Cuckold me! IAGO. O, 'tis foul in he
chair, with his head sunk upon his breast, like one who is utterly crushed. Holmes stuck his feet up on the corner of the mantelpiece a
ll not hide his head, But boldly stand and front him to his face. YORK. How now! Is Somerset at liberty? The
 Prince. Do not think so. You shall not find it so. And God forgive them that so much have sway'd Your Majesty's good thoughts away from me! 
office, but not yours. Bene. I do love nothing in the world so well as you. Is not that strange? Beat. 
ANGELO. See that Claudio Be executed by nine to-morrow morning; Bring him his confessor; let him be prepar'd; For that's the utmost of his pilgr
ative up to the 18th of October, a time when these strange events began to move swiftly towards their terrible conclusion. The incidents of the next f
Medicine of the University of London, and proceeded to Netley to go through the course prescribed for 
 from round the angle of the house. The one was an elderly man, with a strong, deep-lined, heavy-eyed face; the other a dashing young fellow, whose bright, smi
men smelled the burned flesh from inside it. She knew nothing of the papers, nor of Mr. Oldacre's private affairs. "So, my dear Watson, there's my report of a failure. And yet-
 Will seize the doctor too. How ended she? CORNELIUS. With horror, madly dying, like her life; Which, being cruel to the world, concluded Most c
 field, Nor the division of a battle knows More than a spinster; unless the bookish theoric, Wherein the toged consuls ca
K. Then let the earth be drunken with our blood. I'll kill my horse, because I will not fly. Why stand we like soft-hearted women here, Wailing our losses, whiles the foe doth rage, And look u
allen since the evening before, and also that there had been a strong frost to preserve impressions. I passed along the tradesmen's path, but found it all trampled down and indistinguishable. Jus
wn. Give me the gown. Where is thy instrument? LUCIUS. Here in the tent. BRUTUS. What, thou speak'st dr
 wrought by the hands of the lodge itself. It would appear that when the County Delegate had sent over five good men
e figure of the man was small and frail, twisted in the shoulders and back like one who has suffered from ric
sation from the next room. It seemed interminable. Then the door opened, and McMurdo appeared, his finger upon his lip. He came to the end of the ta
 heard upon the other side of the hut, and a moment later a metallic scraping and clinking. The man was trying to force the lock! This time his skill was gr
eye praises the present object. Then marvel not, thou great and complete man, That all the Greeks begin to worship Ajax, Since things in motion sooner catch 
to go up to the room of young Gilchrist, and to ask him to step down into yours." An instant later the tutor returned
ill not for the varld I shall leave behind. QUICKLY. Ay me, he'll find the young man there, and be mad! CAIUS. O 
the cottage was not deserted, for a low sound came to our ears--a kind of drone of misery and despair, which was indescribably melancholy. Holmes 
ime. Dinner was on the table before he appeared. "It was magnificent," he said, as he took his seat. "Do you remember wh
n a soldier was the theme, my name Was not far off. Then was I as a tree Whose boughs did bend with fruit;
ar Gregory, you anticipate all my wants. If I might ask you to wait here for an instant, I have a quest
 as we hear you do reform yourselves, We will, according to your strengths and qualities, Give you ad
m Belgia, With hasty Germans and blunt Hollanders, Hath pass'd in safety through the narrow seas And with his troops doth march amain to London; And many giddy people fl
t, that I could not but think what a terrible criminal he would have made had he turned his energy and sagacity against the law, instead of exerting them in its defense. As he hunted about
ard, you should talk so idly! Tell me, how many good young princes would do so, their fathers being so sick as
 Buckingham, And grumbling York; and not the least of these But can do more in England than the King. SUFFOLK. And h
THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE 1. Park. The palace Enter the KING, GLOUCES
riend? Since I came hither (Which I can call but now) I have heard strange news. Reg. If it be true, all vengeance comes 
orth my wars and call'd them home, Whose bosom was my crownet, my chief end- Like a right gypsy hath at fast and loose Beguil'd me 
 the voyage, and no provisions to last us for so long a time. There are plenty of little yachts and yawls at Calcutta or Madras which would serve our turn well. Do you bring one over. We shall engag
for obduracy and persistency: let the end try the man. But I tell thee my heart bleeds inwardly that my father is so sick; and keeping such vile company as thou art hath in reason taken fr
CHAMBERLAIN; and the KING draws the curtain and sits reading pensively SUFFOLK. How sad he looks; sure, he is much afflicted. KING. Who's the
 brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom: If this be error and upon me proved, I never writ, nor no m
n; And Romeo dead; and Juliet, dead before, Warm and new kill'd. Prince. Search, seek, and know how this foul murder comes. Chief Watch. Here is a 
which Holmes had so deftly fastened upon his wrists, he would have very quickly overpowered my friend had Hopkins and I not rushed to his rescue. Only when I pressed the cold muzzle of the revolver 
 intends you harm; You know a sword employ'd is perilous, And reason flies the object of all harm. Who marvels, then, when Helenus beholds A Grecian and his swo
auce as ever his black shoe trod upon God's ground and his earth, in my conscience, la. KING HENRY. Then keep thy vow, sirrah, when thou meet'st the fellow. WILLIAM
mes.' That's how I come to know the name." "I see. And you saw no more of him?" "Not after he went into the station." "And how would yo
 keep you no more. Take them in and get it over." There is little more to tell. Scanlan had been given a sealed note to be left at the ad
; nor I know not Where I did lodge last night. Do not laugh at me; For (as I am a man) I think this lady To
le son, Lead our first battle. Worthy Macduff and we Shall take upon 's what else remains to do, According to our order. SIWARD. Fare you well. Do
he gorges of the Gilmerton Mountains. The steam ploughs had, however, kept the railroad open, and the evening train which connects the long line of coal-mining and iron-working s
window on to the ancient lichen-tinted court of the old college. A Gothic arched door led to a worn stone staircase. On the 
save me from the danger that might come If he were known alive? DUKE. Let this be done: Put them in secret holds, both Barnardine and Claudio. Ere twice the sun hath made his journal greeting To
Leonato, let the friar advise you; And though you know my inwardness and love Is very much unto the Prince and Claudio, Yet, by mine honour, I will deal in this As secretly and ju
 at Philippi the good Brutus ghosted, There saw you labouring for him. What was't That mov'd pale Cassius to conspire? and what Made the all-honour'd ho
searched all the huts until you came to this one?" "No, your boy had been observed, and that gave me a guide where to look." "The old gentleman with the telescope, no doubt. I could no
 to bed when the loud ringing of the bell had attracted her attention. She was a little hard of hearing. Perhaps that was why she had no
 power, from the pursuit LARTIUS. O General, Here is the steed, we the caparison. Hadst thou beheld- MARCIUS. Pray now, no more; my mother
 found among the stone huts upon the hill-side. With these two facts in my possession I felt that ei
beg that you will break it off." The banker recoiled in horror. "I should not dream of trying," said he. "Then I will." Holmes suddenly bent his strength upon it, but without result. "
ttered at us with a half animal fury. "Fire if he raises his hand," said Holmes, quietly. We were within a boat's-length by this time, and a
UKE. O, Sir, you must; and therefore I beseech you Look forward on the journey you shall go. BARNARDINE. I
rris, and if you think well to say anything to me I am here to hear it." "And to take it back to Boss McGinty!" said Morris bitterly. "Indeed, then, you do me injustice there," cried McMurdo.
re paralyzed. The manager clapped his two hands to the wound and doubled himself up. Then he staggered away; but another of the assassins fired, and he went down sidewise, kickin
atter managed to have a few whispered words with the prisoner before they parted. "What about--" he jerked his thumb upward to sign
s me the bolder to salute my king With ruder terms, such as my wit affords And over-joy of heart doth minister. KING HENRY. Her sight did r
d I but suspect a fearful man, He should have leave to go away betimes, Lest in our need he might infect another And make him of the like spirit to himself. If any such be h
ach apace. Gent. The arbitrement is like to be bloody. Fare you well, sir. [Exit.] Kent. My point and 
 beauties. There will be some fun over this case if they are both put upon the scent." I was amazed at the calm way in which he rippled on. "Surely there is n
n in here, These people saw the chain about his neck. SECOND MERCHANT. Besides, I will be sworn these ears of mine Heard you confess 
 with a whining of hinges, and we could dimly see the dark outline of a man's head and shoulders looking out into the gloom. For some minutes he peered for
e clouds When they do hug him in their melting bosoms. MARCUS. O brother, speak with possibility, And do not break into these deep extremes. TITUS. Is not my sorrow deep, having no bottom
 In fair round belly with good capon lin'd, With eyes severe and beard of formal cut, Full of wise saws and modern instances; And so he pla
ch ends. This my mean task Would be as heavy to me as odious, but The mistress which I serve quickens what's dead, And makes my labour
er That stays to bear my letters to my friends, And I am going to deliver them. DUKE. Be they of much import? V
als in Lancashire and Wales. Address: Carlton House Terrace; Holdernesse Hall, Hallamshire; Carston Castle, Bangor, Wale
otted the bottle in which this preparation was kept, and when they were all gone, I helped myself to a little of it. I was a fairly good dispenser, so I worked
IBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIB
is mysterious ally? How came he into the room?" "Yes, the ally!" repeated Holmes, pensively. "There are fea
ing furiously and clawing among the papers. Then he staggered to his feet, received another shot, and rolled upon the floor. "You've
ther friendly and embrace, That all their eyes may bear those tokens home Of our restored love and amity. ARCHBISHOP. I take your princely word for these red
 look into it and to give you such advice as I can," said Holmes, rising and putting on his overcoat. "The case is not entirely devoid of interest. Had anyone visited you in your 
is reasoning, and to see that the nature and state of the various medical instruments in the wicker basket which 
hy, You grave but reckless senators, have you thus Given Hydra here to choose an officer That with his peremptory 'shall,' being but The horn and n
ntle coz, let him alone. 'A bears him like a portly gentleman, And, to say truth, Verona brags of him To be a virtuous and well-govern'd youth. I would not for the wealth of all this to
INGS. I thank his Grace, I know he loves me well; But for his purpose in the coronation I have not sounded him, nor he deliver'd His gracious pl
e!" she said, looking round. "It looks as though all the moles in England had been let loose in it. I have seen something of the sort on th
 here that is not Richard's subject? Thieves are not judg'd but they are by to hear, Although apparent guilt be seen in them; 
majesty, Sits not so easy on me as you think. Brothers, you mix your sadness with some fear. This is the English, not the Turkish court; Not A
would applaud our loves, To seal our happiness with their consents! O heavenly Julia! ANTONIO. How now!
 mine host of the Garter. MRS. FORD. Nay, I will consent to act any villainy against him that may not sully the chariness of our honesty. O that
e partners in the business. IMOGEN. Pray what is't? IACHIMO. Some dozen Romans of us, and your lord- The best feather of our wing- have mingled sums To buy a present for the Emperor; Which I, the fac
iderations in the background which would induce the Countess to part with half her fortune if she could but recover the gem." "It was lost, if I remembe
tretched upon the boards, with vacant sightless eyes staring up at the discoloured ceiling. It was that of a man
as convulsing the country side an opportunity of plausibly getting rid of the man whom he feared. William was decoyed up and sh
m my views of the case. As they could not be put to the proof until this evening, I invited you and your colleague to take a
 Dog. This is the end of the charge: you, constable, are to present the Prince's own person. If you me
d counter. At the far end, with his body resting upon the bar and a cigar stuck at an acute angle from the corner of his mouth, stood a ta
re shown into the front room to wait. "About ten minutes later a knock came at the door, and here we made the one serious mistake
confession at the last extremity to save young McCarthy. I promise you that I shall not use it unless it is absolutely needed." "It's as well," said the old man; "it's
s now Against the mind, the which he pricks and wounds With many legions of strange fantasies, Which, in their throng and press to that last hold, Confound themselves. '
these sights; the men are not yet cold under water, nor the bear half din'd on the gentleman; he's at it now. SHEPHERD. Would I had been by to 
m me. This is the right fencing grace, my lord; tap for tap, and so part fair. CHIEF JUSTICE. Now, the Lord lighten thee! Thou art a great fool. Exeunt 
llo, and also the shocking affair of the Dutch steamship Friesland, which so nearly cost us both our lives. His co
 will go call the watch. [Exit. Paris falls.] Par. O, I am slain! If thou be merciful, Open the tomb, lay me
 itself turns vice, being misapplied, And vice sometime's by action dignified. Within the infant rind of this small flower Poison hath res
. We got away with the gold, became wealthy men, and made our way over to England without being suspected. There I
hould so many years outlive performance? FALSTAFF. Kiss me, Doll. PRINCE. Saturn and Venus this year in conjunction! What says th' almanac to that? POINS. And look w
I do not know you by your excellent wit? Can virtue hide itself? Go to, mum you are he. Graces will appear, and there's an end. [ They step aside.] Beat. Will
 Now it's for you to take it over. That's the house--all alone at the Iron Dike crossroad, same as you see here on the map
result showed. These people had never, to my knowledge, done a murder. They might shrink from actual violence at the last. The could bury her with no sign of how she met her end, and even if she were
th whose voice will draw on more. But let this same be presently perform'd, Even while men's minds are wild, lest more mischance On plots and errors h
 I have yielded to; fresh embassies and suits, Nor from the state nor private friends, hereafter Will I lend ear to. [Shout within] Ha! what shout is this? Shall I be tempted to infr
deck. This, there could be no question, was the same that had contained the ill-omened treasure of the Sholtos. There was no key, but it was of considerabl
ength by limping sway disabled And art made tongue-tied by authority, And folly (doctor-like) controlling s
ntinued, turning to him, and holding the light to my own face, 'who am I?' "He gazed at me with bleared, drun
eld, have seen her rise from her bed, throw her nightgown upon her, unlock her closet, take forth paper, fold it, write upo
ETER. But when the Duke is slain they'll quickly fly. KING HENRY. Far be the thought of this from Henry's heart, To make
rive you to break your necks or hang yourselves! Exit, guarded YORK. Break thou in pieces and consume to ashes, Thou foul accursed minister of hell! Enter CARDINA
ay had we that we came from thence? Or blessed was't we did? PROSPERO. Both, both, my girl. By foul p
p on top of it." "I guess you are right." "This is how I should work it. You will all be in the big room--same as y
LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE R
LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READAB
n zeal to you, and highly mov'd to wrath To be controll'd in that he frankly gave. Receive him then to favour, Saturnine, That hath express'd himself in all his deeds A father and a fr
 had staggered and nearly fallen, but the brandy brought a tinge of colour into his cheeks, and he sat staring with 
rivate arbors, and new-planted orchards, On this side Tiber; he hath left them you, And to your heirs forever- common pleasures, To walk abroad and recreate yoursel
of pestilence; and they shall strike Your children yet unborn and unbegot, That lift your vassal hands aga
HERINA. Faith, as cold as can be. PETRUCHIO. Pluck up thy spirits, look cheerfully upon me. Here, love, thou seest how diligent I am, To dress thy meat myself, and bring it thee.
How now! Is he dead? DIOMEDES. His death's upon him, but not dead. Look out o' th' other side your mo
of Time Steals ere we can effect them. You remember The daughter of this lord? BERTRAM. Admiringly, my liege. At first I stuck my choice upon her, ere my heart Durst make too bold
ame out, but I had hid myself in a doorway. Her suspicions had been aroused, I think, for she looked round her. Then she called a cab and got in. I was lu
a few hours of her husband's murder." "Exactly. She does not shine as a wife even in her own account of what occurred. I am not a whole-souled admirer of womankind, as you are aware, Watson, bu
 thou hast put him in such a dream that when the image of it leaves him he must run mad. MARIA. Nay, but say true; does it work 
 husband, show him this letter. The army of France is landed.- Seek out the traitor Gloucester. [Exeunt some of the Servants.] Reg. Hang him instantly. Gon. Pluck out
 You shall see him within an hour." "And then?" I asked. "Oh, you can leave me to deal with him then. Have you any arms?" "I have my old service revolver and a few cart
ppearance, but his face was of an ashen white, while his lips and the corners of his nostrils were tinged with a shade of blue. It was clear to me at a glance that he wa
heart. This is his sword; I robb'd his wound of it; behold it stain'd With his most noble blood. CAESAR. Look you sad, friends? The gods
hters, besides his sons and his khitmutgar, on guard over him. "One day, however, I got word that he was dyi
one glimpse of his short, squat, strongly-built figure as he sprang to his feet and turned to run. At the same moment by a lucky chance the moon broke through the cloud
k! Did you but know the city's usuries, And felt them knowingly- the art o' th' court, As hard to leave as keep, whose top to climb Is certain falling, or so slipp'ry that The fear's 
ir, Which 'tis not fit you know, I not acquaint My father of this business. POLIXENES. Let him know't. FLORIZE
And, if I fail not in my deep intent, Clarence hath not another day to live; Which done, God take King
sk me anything that I don't make clear. I'll begin at the time of my marriage last year; but I want to say first of all that, though I'm not a rich man, my p
 she is due in the Thames tomorrow night. When he arrives he will be met by the obtuse but resolute Lestrade, and I ha
ong limbs from the armchair. He was a tall, gaunt man of sixty, with clear-cut features and a small goatee beard which gave him a general resemblance to the ca
forth And bind the boy which you shall find with me Fast to the chair. Be heedful; hence, and watch. EXECUTIONER. I hope your warrant will bear out the deed. HUBERT. Uncleanly scruples! 
d throughly of the cause. Which is the merchant here, and which the Jew? DUKE OF VENICE. Antonio and old Shylock, both 
lready come to the conclusion, since there were no signs of a struggle, that the blood which covered the floor had burst from the murde
r mouths, that the gods sent not Corn for the rich men only. With these shreds They vented their complainings; which being answer'd, And 
as business of the most pressing importance which had brought them. The Premier's thin, blue-veined hands were clasped tightly over the ivory head of his umbrella, an
 sharp wind of the north, To do me business in the veins o' th' earth When it is bak'd with frost. ARIEL. I do not,
himself during the night." We had entered, and the doctor had preceded us into what was evidently his waiting-room. "I really hardly k
ne o'clock. As the number of large houses close to Oxshott must be limited, I adopted the obvious method of sendi
sold; Unthread the rude eye of rebellion, And welcome home again discarded faith. Seek out King John, and fall before his feet; For if the French be lords of this loud day, He means to recompense t
n ambuscade in the shrubbery. The man walked into the trap and was captured last night after a struggle i
n Love speaks, the voice of all the gods Make heaven drowsy with the harmony. Never durst poet touch a pen 
s That through the window bars bore at men's eyes Are not within the leaf of pity writ, But set them down 
o his wife. It was consumption of the most virulent kind. The poor boy was half crazed with grief, and yet he had to go to London to play this match, for he coul
e. I do desire you Not to deny this imposition, The which my love and some necessity Now lays upon you. LORENZO. Madam, with all my heart I shall obey you in an fair commands. PORTIA. 
Anything which you or the Inspector may suggest will most certainly be done." "In the first place," said Holmes, "I should like you to offer a reward--coming from yourself, f
going to bring you up to my rooms, and I shall ask you for a true account of the matter. You must make a clean breast of it, for if you do I hope that I may be of use to y
 investigating." "I have heard nothing of it." "It has not excited much attention yet, except locally. The facts are only t
ere comes my master, Master Shallow, and another gentleman, from Frogmore, over the stile, this way. EVANS. Pray you give me my 
 to Rome, Lov'd me above the measure of a father; Nay, godded me indeed. Their latest refuge Was to send him; for whos
hom I had cured of a painful and lingering disease, was never weary of advertising my virtues and of endeavouring to send me on every sufferer over whom
"It seems to me that I have done you full justice in the matter," I remarked with some coldness, for I was repelled by the egotism which I had more than 
ed colts, Fetching mad bounds, bellowing and neighing loud, Which is the hot condition of their blood- If they but hear perchance a trumpet sound, Or any air of music touc
e's gone, but his wife's kill'd. MONTANO. 'Tis a notorious villain. Take you this weapon, Which I have here recover'd from the Moor. Come, guard the door without; let him not pass,
wear again I would not be a queen For all the world. OLD LADY. In faith, for little England You'd venture an emballing. I myself Would for Carnarvonshire
. Faith, unless you play the honest Troyan, the poor wench is cast away. She's quick; the child brags in her belly already; 'tis yours. ARMADO. Dost 
ar and a weight is missing it is not a very far-fetched supposition that something has been sunk in the water. The idea was at least worth testing;
to take those things for bird-bolts that you deem cannon bullets. There is no slander in an allow'd fool, though he do nothing but rail; nor no railing in known discree
ays of our meeting he came to see me at Lee. One thing led to another, and it ended in his inviting me out to spend a few days at his house, Wisteria Lodge,
HARINE, lady attending on the Princess JAQUENETTA, a country wench Lords, Attendants, etc. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEA
 LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MA
ll go root away The noisome weeds which without profit suck The soil's fertility from wholesome flowers. SERVANT. Why should we, in the compass of a pale, Keep law and form and due proportion, Showin
t him all right and able to walk. He took a kind of fancy to me then, and would hardly go back to his woods, but was always hanging about m
e, O'erbears it and burns on. KING. My honour'd lady, I have forgiven and forgotten all; Though my revenges were high bent upon him And watch'd the time to shoot. LAFEU. T
opened the door and ushered in a lady and gentleman. "Lord St. Simon," said he "allow me to introduce you to Mr. and Mrs. Francis Hay Moulton. The lady, I think, you have alre
at once and see for ourselves." "But we have no warrant for his arrest." "He is in unoccupied premises under suspicious circumstances," said 
doubtedly meant for the lodger. These alarms, and the desperate need for secrecy, argue that the matter is one of life or d
so at first, we had droven them home With clouts about their heads. ANTONY. Thou bleed'st apace. SCARUS. I had a wound here that was like a T, But now 'tis made an
Meaning to keep her closely at my cell Till I conveniently could send to Romeo. But when I came, some minute ere the time Of her awakin
avage lines. In his hand he carried what appeared to be a stick, but as he laid it down upon the floor it gave a metallic clang. Then from the pocket of his overcoat he drew a bulky object, an
, In embassy to his mother; his body's hostage For his return. [Solemn music] BELARIUS. My ingenious instrument! Hark, Polydore, it sounds. But what occasion Hath Cadwa
ace is grown so pleasant. KING. My Lord Chamberlain, Prithee come hither: what fair lady's that? CHAMBERLAIN. An't plea
Danite Band, or the Avenging Angels, is a sinister and an ill-omened one. Fuller knowledge of the organi
k proudly: tell the Constable We are but warriors for the working-day; Our gayness and our gilt are a
feminacy. "Seen the Paris news?" asked Lestrade. Holmes nodded. "Our French friends seem to have touched the spot this time. No doubt it's just as they say. S
id not see that the boy had some swift means of escape." "The other bicycle." "Let us continue our reconstruction. He meets his death five miles from the school--not by a bullet, mark you, 
loins, Do curse the gout, serpigo, and the rheum, For ending thee no sooner. Thou hast nor youth nor age, But, as it were, an after-dinner's sleep, D
hen my wife and the household left yesterday for Flushing they took the less important with them. I must, of course, c
hurried back to the house, followed within a few minutes by the police sergeant, who arrived at the scene of the c
l; he's busy in the paper. Is there division 'twixt my lord and Cassio? DESDEMONA. A most unhappy one. I would do much To atone them, for the love I bear to Ca
urned away from the picture. I have not heard him laugh often, and it has always boded ill to somebody. I was up betimes in the morning, but Holmes was afo
louration which the scratch made upon the varnish would have produced. You were not an accessory, therefore, and she
ked out from my window. It opened upon the grassy space which lay in front of the hall door. Beyond, two copses of trees moaned and swung in a rising wind. A half moon broke through the rifts of raci
k this red rose with young Somerset, And say withal I think he held the right. VERNON. Stay, lords and gentlemen, and pluck no more Till you conclude that he upon whose side The
r soul That not your trespass but my madness speaks. It will but skin and film the ulcerous place, Whiles rank corruption, mining all within, Infects unseen. Confess yourself to heav
t salamander of yours with fire any time this two-and-thirty years. God reward me for it! Bard. 'Sblood, I would my face were in your belly! Fal
r a boy. KATHARINE. Ay, and a shrewd unhappy gallows too. ROSALINE. You'll ne'er be friends with him: 'a kil
ur lord; You and you are sure together, As the winter to foul weather. Whiles a wedlock-hymn we sing, Feed yourselves with questioning, That reason wonder may 
ter her marriage to this Englishman that I was able to find out where she was. I wrote to her, but got no answer. After th
row, by the same train which we took yesterday." I met him accordingly next morning and we traveled down to Woking together. He had had no answer to h
t think it? I never robb'd the soldiers of their pay Nor ever had one penny bribe from France. So help me God, as I have watch'
the education of your daughters I here bestow a simple instrument, And this small packet of Greek and Latin books. If you accept them, then their worth is g
. Your niece will not be seen, or if she be, it's four to one she'll none of me; the Count himself here hard by woos her. SIR TOBY. She
d for some reason thought that he could do so more safely on foot than on the bicycle. He therefore left his machine where it would not be discovered until he had got saf
d none knew whither he had gone or what had befallen him. His wife and his children awaited him at home, but no father ever returned to tel
rd. Yesterday we all came up and we settled at Bentley's private hotel. At ten o'clock I went round and saw that all the fellows had gone to roost, for I be
ou to sanctuary, and good thoughts possess thee! I to my grave, where peace and rest lie with me! Eighty
it. SERVANT. You are in the state of grace. PANDARUS. Grace! Not so, friend; honour and lordship are my titles. What 
bove the clouds, as high as heaven itself? O, in this love, you love your child so ill That you run m
Drebber's former career. He answered, you remember, in the negative. "I then proceeded to make a careful exa
fe, more careful for the latter-born, Had fast'ned him unto a small spare mast, Such as sea-faring men provide for storms; To him one of the other twins was bound, Whilst I had been
ng out. A letter had come into the town that would have set you wise to it all. Then I had to act and act quickly
E. Many years of happy days befall My gracious sovereign, my most loving liege! MOWBRAY. Each day still better other's happiness Until the heavens, envying earth'
t of him. Whence has he that? If not from hell, the devil is a niggard Or has given all before, and he begins A new hell in himself. BUCK
ot afraid. I met her Deity Cutting the clouds towards Paphos, and her son Dove-drawn with her. Here thought they to have done Some wanton charm upon this man and maid, Who
DUKE. And what's her history? VIOLA. A blank, my lord. She never told her love, But let concealment, like a worm i
door, Let in the maid, that out a maid Never departed more. King. Pretty Ophelia! Oph. Indeed, la, without an oa
f coloured silks stood upon a stool beside her. "They are in the outhouse, those dreadful things," said she as Lestrade entered. "I wish that you would take them away altogether." "So I s
drop into one of the Bond Street picture galleries and fill in the time until we are due at the hotel." CHAPTER V Three Broken Threads Sherlock H
 Kent. I thought the King had more affected the Duke of Albany than Cornwall. Glou. It did always seem so to us; but now, in 
dam, if't please the Queen to send the babe, I know not what I shall incur to pass it, Having no warrant. PAULINA. You need not fear it, sir. This chi
 desire to leave the country for a time. I therefore spent some days in the East-end, devised an Arctic expedition, put forth tempting terms for harp
 me himself into the company of three or four gentleman-like dogs under the Duke's table; he had not been there, bless the ma
nt, showing that the intruder was well acquainted with the ways of the house." "How blind I have been!" "T
nch offices, but the letter came back to me on the very morning of the wedding." "It missed him, then?" "Yes, si
 to drag me into the matter, Mr. Holmes. What is the use of our speculating in this way when the original plans were actually found on West?" "Well, it is certainly singular that he should r
 at present, and the questions which have to be solved--what Neville St. Clair was doing in the opium den, what happened to him when there
ction save along the straight path which leads from Merripit House to the Grimpen Road, and is your natural way home." "I will do just what you sa
plary members of the society, with the one simple exception that they were assassins who had often proved themselves to be most capable instruments for this association of murder. L
ainly large, and the way in which my feet sank into the carpet as I stepped across it told me of its richness. I caught glimpses
g little heed to the words of his neighbour. At the farther end was a small brazier of burning charcoal, beside which on a 
ried right away, then,' said he, 'and then I will feel sure of you; and I won't claim to be your husband until I come back?' Well, we talked it over, 
 felt that sleep was impossible until I heard the result of his adventure. It was close upon nine when he set out. I had no idea how long he might be, but I sat stolid
ally removed. It was selfish, no doubt, disloyal, wrong, but I could realize nothing save that the golden barrier was gone from between us. "Thank God!"
ORK. This oath I willingly take, and will perform. [Coming from the throne] WARWICK. Long live King Henry! Plant
poses aright. As you are old and reverend, you should be wise. Here do you keep a hundred knights and squires; Men so disorder'd, so debosh'd, and bold That this 
es, sir, just as you told me." "Excellent. You carried the thing out very well. Did you observe where the bullet went?" "Ye
here, or amusing yourself in any manner indicated, that need cause you no inconvenience. As regards your hair, it is no doubt a pity, especially as I could not help remarking its beau
mmoners, confound them! And I've closed the wood where the Fernworthy folk used to picnic. These infe
e, opened a barred door, passed down a winding stair, and brought us to a whitewashed corridor with a line of doors on each side. "The third on the right is
nt me Some shipping, unrestor'd. Lastly, he frets That Lepidus of the triumvirate Should be depos'd; and, being, that we detain All
e good fellows in the world, an a man could light on them, would take her with all faults, and money enough. GREMIO. I cannot tell; 
I exclaimed, turning to my companion. He had lit his pipe again, and was leaning back with drooping eyelids. "Is she?" he said,
o' th' grave. Thou art a soul in bliss; but I am bound Upon a wheel of fire, that mine own tears Do scald like molten lead. Cor. Sir, do you know me? Lear. You are a spirit, I know. When did you di
urlongs, and that the stable have put their money on him?' "'So, you're one of those damned touts!' cried the lad. 'I'll
ame, strike home, And yet my nature never in the fight To do in slander. And to behold his sway, I will, as 'twere a brother of your order, Visit bo
t thoughts. Enter Lear, mad, [fantastically dressed with weeds]. But who comes here? The safer sense will ne'er accommodate His master thus. Lear. No, they cannot 
le. "Take a seat, and try one of these cigars," he said. "We are anxious to know how you managed it. Will you have some whiskey and water?" "I don't mind if I do," the detectiv
every point twice done, and then done double, Were poor and single business to contend Against those honors deep and broad wherewith Your Majesty loads our house. For
ve seen, and I am no chicken." "There is no clue?" said Gregson. "None at all," chimed in Lestrade. Sherlock Holmes
ve followers. 'Un sot trouve toujours un plus sot qui l'admire.'" "What on earth is this?" I cried, for at this moment there
 Coburg branch of the City and Suburban Bank, the Vegetarian Restaurant, and McFarlane's carriage-building depot. That carr
atience. Later in the evening I will stroll down and have a word with friend Lestrade at Scotland Yard." But neither the official police nor Holmes's
the other side of the field which faces us, and except those there were no houses until you got half way to the stati
er they came into the house," said she. "As I sat by my bedroom window I saw three men in the moonlight down by the lodge gate yonder, but I thought not
, Darnel, and all the idle weeds that grow In our sustaining corn. A century send forth. Search every acre in the high-grown field And bring him to our e
ven. Heaven bless the isle of Cyprus and our noble general Othello! Exeunt. SCENE III. A hall in the c
t she hath beheld the man Whose glory fills the world with loud report. BURGUNDY. Is it even so? Nay, then I see our wars Will turn i
 sad interim like the ocean be Which parts the shore, where two contracted new, Come daily to the banks, that when they see: Return of 
 start. I dropped the silver into the pond and made off for Sydenham, feeling that for once in my life I had done a real good night's work. And that's
deeply stirred by the story to which we had listened. I confess that the guilt of the banker's son appeared to me to be as obvious as it did to his unhappy father, but still I 
the matter. It is the supposed murder of Colonel Barclay, of the Royal Munsters, at Aldershot, which I am investigating." "I have heard nothing of it." "It has not excited much attention yet, 
 are the heads of thy two noble sons; And here's thy hand, in scorn to thee sent back- Thy grief their sports, thy resolution mock'd,
quers To revel it with him and his new bride. Thou seest what's past; go fear thy king withal. BONA. Tell him, in hope he'll prove a widower short
; stay awhile And you shall be conducted. DUKE. Repent you, fair one, of the sin you carry? JULIET. I do; and bear the 
e Is not to leave't undone, but keep't unknown. OTHELLO. Dost thou say so? IAGO. She did deceive her father, marrying 
in travail Of you, my sons; and till this present hour My heavy burden ne'er delivered. The Duke, my husband, and my children both, And you the calendars of their nativity, Go to a gossips'
thin five minutes. There he lay in the hall, and we were at our wit's end what to do. Then Oberstein had this idea about the trains which halted under his back wind
t. Clair. His name is Hugh Boone, and his hideous face is one which is familiar to every man who goes much to the City. He is a professional beggar, though in order to avoid the police
 hardly rise above the common herd. That d might be an a, and that l an e. Men of character always differentiate their long letters, however illegi
eicester town, Whither, if it please you, we may now withdraw us. RICHMOND. What men of name are slain on either side? DER
 of yesterday evening in making enquiries entirely without avail. This morning I began very early, and at eight o'clock I reached Halliday's Private Hotel, in Litt
ery echo, That should applaud again. Pull't off, I say. What rhubarb, cyme, or what purgative drug Would scour these English hence? Hearst thou of them? DOCTOR. Ay, my good lord, 
o high esteem, Should be infused with so foul a spirit! SLY. What, would you make me mad? Am not I Christopher Sly, old Sly's son of Burton Heath; by birth a pedlar,
e window." He stepped across the grass plot and tapped with his hand on the pane. Through the fogged glass I dimly saw a man sprin
were in hopes that he was about to settle down again for he became engaged to Rachel Howells, our second house-maid; but he has thrown her over since then and t
And so, good night. Exit DIOMEDES; ULYSSES and TROILUS following ACHILLES. Come, come, enter my tent. Ex
RLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COP
et sir, at yours.' And so, ere answer knows what question would, Saving in dialogue of compliment, And ta
 story of my life, And the particular accidents gone by Since I came to this isle. And in the morn I'll bring you to your ship, and so to Naples, Where I have hope to see the nuptial Of these our
he truth, it has," I said. "I ought to be more case-hardened after my Afghan experiences. I saw my own comrades hacked to p
EIPHOBUS, ANTENOR, and DIOMEDES PARIS. It is great morning; and the hour prefix'd For her delivery to this 
ress of the field, and flourish'd, I'll hang my head and perish. WOLSEY. If your Grace Could but be brought to know our ends are honest, You'd feel mor
erceiv'd me shrink and on my knee, His bloody sword he brandish'd over me, And like a hungry lion did commence Rough deeds of rage and stern impatience; But w
sar; I found it in his closet, 'tis his will. Let but the commons hear this testament- Which, pardon me, I do not mean to read- And they would go and kiss d
vant. DESDEMONA. I know't: I thank you. You do love my lord: You have known him long; and be you well assured He shall in strange
 dead, and all the lands thou hast Lie in a pitch'd field. ALCIBIADES. Ay, defil'd land, my lord. FIRST LORD
tay, When this was now a king, and now is clay? BASTARD. Art thou gone so? I do but stay behind To do the office for thee of revenge, And then my soul
That haunted us in our familiar paths. Witness our too much memorable shame When Cressy battle fatally was struck, And all our princes capdv'd by the hand Of that black name, Edward, Bla
tudy." "What! With that?" I ejaculated. "No, no, everything is now in order. You gave permission for that, Mr. Mac, as I am informed. The room was in its normal state, 
ARDOLPH. Tell thou the Earl That the Lord Bardolph doth attend him here. PORTER. His lordship is walk'd forth into the orchard. Please it your honour knock but 
ee if I can repair the consequences of my own blunder." We had sprung into the dog-cart, and Holmes, after turning the horse, gave it a
ess Can snore upon the flint, when resty sloth Finds the down pillow hard. Now, peace be here, Poor house, that keep'
friend standing on the hearthrug with his back to the fire and a smile of complete satisfaction upon his face. "How's this, Watson?" he cried, picking up the paper from the table. "
wieldy to lift, so the hunter contented himself with cutting away one haunch and part of the flank. With t
there are steps on the landing. If I cannot persuade you to take a lenient view of the matter, Lord St. Simo
ight years studied the methods of my friend Sherlock Holmes, I find many tragic, some comic, a large number merely strange, but none commonplace; for, working as he did rather for the love of h
rst stride towards the position which I now hold. "Reginald Musgrave had been in the same college as myself, and I had some slight acquaintance with him. He w
he Abbot, With all the rest of that consorted crew, Destruction straight shall dog them at the heels. Good uncle, help to order several powers To Oxford, or where'er these tra
 you appeared upon the scene." "Is it possible?" gasped the banker. "You then roused his anger by calling him names at a moment when he felt that
ongy surface where the thumb should have been. It had been hacked or torn right out from the roots. "Good heavens!" I cried, "this is a ter
 black, curly hair was thickly shot with gray. His face in repose was not an unpleasing one, though his heavy brows and aggressive chin gave him, as I had lately se
fate, Watson, when you hear a step upon the stair which is walking into your life, and you know not w
 said he. "Perhaps you will spare an hour that I may have the pleasure of introducing you to my sister." My firs
a toy in hand here, sir. Nay; pray be cover'd. JAQUES. Will you be married, motley? TOUCHSTONE. As the ox hath his bow, sir, the ho
scheme, or whose hand would be more capable of carrying it out. "He'll be the boy for the clean job," said the oldsters to one another, and waited their
 words first," said the vicar, "and then you can judge if you will listen to the details from Mr. Tregennis, or whether we should not 
s, cruelly ill-used to break my spirit--see this stab on my shoulder and the bruises from end to end of my arms--and a gag was thrust into my mout
 To see how fortune is dispos'd to us; For, as he writes, there is no quailing now, Because the King is 
er, however, as she is very old and feeble." "And what is the result of your investigations?" "The conviction that the crime is 
 You shall perceive them make a mutual stand, Their savage eyes turn'd to a modest gaze By the sweet power of music. Therefore the poet Did feign that Orpheus drew trees, stones, an
ly Allayments to their act, and by them gather Their several virtues and effects. CORNELIUS. Your Highness Shall from this practice but make hard your heart
s time been following the guidance of Toby down the half-rural villa-lined roads which lead to the metropolis. Now, however, we were beginning t
ORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHI
he DUKES OF NORFOLK and SUFFOLK; she kneels. The KING riseth from his state, takes her up, kisses and place
gain them." He rose and seized his astrachan coat. Holmes was grey with anger and mortification. "Wait a little," he said. "You go too fast. We would certainly make every effort
 dream, half dazed, and with terror always lurking in her eyes. It was then that I wrote and sent the paper to you, Mr. Holme
unt. The last check but one paid her bill at Lausanne, but it was a large one and probably left her with cash
ollow. Lady Frances had stayed at the Englischer Hof for a fortnight. While there she had made the acquaintance of a Dr. S
efore else guard we his royal tent But to defend his person from night-foes? Enter WARWICK, CLARENCE, OXFORD, SOMERSET, and French 
OTHELLO. Let him do his spite. My services, which I have done the signiory, Shall out-tongue his complaints. 'Tis yet to know- Which, when I know that boasting is an honor,
g narrative with an intentness which showed me that his interest was keenly aroused. His face was as impassive as ever, but hi
, And, pretty fool, it stinted, and said 'Ay.' Wife. Enough of this. I pray thee hold thy peace. Nurse. Yes, madam. Yet I cannot choose but laugh To think it should leave 
e been sexton here, man and boy thirty years. Ham. How long will a man lie i' th' earth ere he rot? Clown. Faith, if 'a be not rotten before 'a die (as we have many pocky corses now-a-days that wil
man has been in his service for years and was a good servant. It's evidently the same villains who broke in
, We must return to th' court of guard. The night Is shiny, and they say we shall embattle By th' second hour i' th' morn. FIRST WATCH. This
h; And here at hand the Dauphin and his train Approacheth, to confer about some matter. YORK. Is all our travail turn'd to this effect? After the slaughter of so many peers, So
 "With reference to the Upper Norwood tragedy," it remarked, "we have reason to believe that the matter promises t
g man straight from the University, seems to have been just what his employer wanted. His work consisted in writing all the morning to the Profes
s may perhaps claim the distinction of being the smallest race upon this earth, though some anthropologists prefer the Bushmen of Africa, the 
e first editions of the evening papers are out already with full details. It's like my luck! You remember when the stand fell at Doncaster? Well, I was t
at all, except into the garden. Henderson never by any chance walks alone. His dark secretary is like his shadow. The gossip among the servants is that their master is terribly a
have indeed been of the greatest interest to me," I observed. "You will remember that I remarked the other day, j
the central part of the house, and the bright paper and numerous candles did something to remove the sombre impression which our arrival had left upon my mind. But the dining-room whic
Hope lingered among the mountains, leading a strange wild life, and nursing in his heart the fierce desire for vengeance which posse
o it may," answered the nobleman, as he bowed us out the door. "He's a fine fellow," said Holmes, as we came out into Whitehall. "But he has a struggle to keep up his position. He is f
se flow'rs are like the pleasures of the world; This bloody man, the care on't. I hope I dream; For so I thought I was a cave-keeper, And cook to honest creatures. But 'ti
lessly as I entered the room, but the sight of me brought a gleam of recognition to his eyes. "Well, Watson, we seem to have fallen upon evil days," said he in a feeble voice, 
absent from home at the time of my arrival, and I was informed by the maid that he had driven over to Ross with John Cobb, the groom. Short
ears!" He picked up the volume from the table and read out the whole title, Practical Handbook of Bee Culture, with Some Observations upon the Segregation of the Queen. "Alone I did it. Behold th
e mystery." The day was just breaking when I woke to find the long, thin form of Holmes by my bedside. He was fully dressed, and had apparently already been 
ms to dwell: Nay if you read this line, remember not, The hand that writ it, for I love you so, That I in your sweet th
his head spin round, and had to lean upon his rifle to save himself from falling. He was essentially a man of action, however, and
e. But you see, sir, them's not our geese." "Indeed! Whose, then?" "Well, I got the two dozen from a salesman in Covent Ga
 better judgement making. Thus have I had thee as a dream doth flatter, In sleep a king, but waking no such matter. 88 When thou shalt be disposed to set me light, And plac
 gar, Jack Rugby, he is dead already, if he be come. RUGBY. He is wise, sir; he knew your worship would k
" "Perhaps they have not heard yet of all that happened here during the night?" "Maybe not, sir." Holmes thought for a little and then a curious smi
yster-wench; A brace of draymen bid God speed him well And had the tribute of his supple knee, With 'Thanks, my countrymen, my loving friends'; As were our England in reversion hi
eing captives Before you serve. BOTH. Our hearts receive your warnings. KING. Farewell. [To ATTENDANTS] Come hither to me. The KING re
for this evening? What masque? what music? How shall we beguile The lazy time, if not with some delight? PHILOSTRATE. There is a brief how many sports are ripe; Make choice of whi
ich late Was in my nobler thoughts most base is now The praised of the King; who, so ennobled, Is as 'twere born so. KING. Take her by the hand
r. If the letter should fall into Stapleton's hands her own life would not be safe. Eventually, as we know, s
ail of his great verse, Bound for the prize of (all too precious) you, That did my ripe thoughts in my brain inhearse, Making their tomb the w
 as before. Come into the arbour here and let us discuss it together. That villainous stuff seems still to linger round my throat. I think we must admit that all the evidence points to this 
them; No more than were I painted I would wish This youth should say 'twere well, and only therefore Desire to breed by me. Here's 
 Nay then, farewell! I have touch'd the highest point of all my greatness, And from that full meridian of my glory I has
ot prophesy; but let Time's news Be known when 'tis brought forth. A shepherd's daughter, And what to her adheres, which follows after, Is th' argument of Time. Of this all
 died five years ago and left her alone in the world I adopted her, and have looked upon her ever since as my daughter. She is a sunbeam in my house--sweet, loving, beautiful, a wond
leaps over the stool and runs away; and they follow and cry 'A miracle!' KING HENRY. O God, seest Thou this, and bearest so lo
ths five fadom deep; and then anon Drums in his ear, at which he starts and wakes, And being thus frighted, swears a prayer or two And sleeps again. This is that very Mab That plats the manes of ho
 Lady Frances Carfax had sought when she left Lausanne. Concerning this there had been some secrecy, which confirmed the id
 to ask what the man has done. He has been judged over there. That's no business of ours. All we have to do is to carry it out for them, same as they would for us. Speaking o
rong at that, so you have not missed anything. I haven't let the grass grow under my feet. It's down in Kent, seven miles from Ch
ghter, let him fetch his drum; he says he has a stratagem for't. When your lordship sees the bottom of his success in't
hin eccentric limits his knowledge was so extraordinarily ample and minute that his observations have fairly astounded me. Surely no man would work so hard or attain such
mies' blood, But now in arms you strengthen it with yours. The grappling vigour and rough frown of war Is cold in amity and painte
rness to be Requires nor child nor woman's face to see. I have sat too long. [Rising] VOLUMNIA. Nay, go not from us thus. If it were so that our request did tend To save the Roman
to be no obstacle to our happiness. "But a terrible change came over our stepfather about this time. Instead of making friends and exchanging visits with our neighbours, who had at first been 
ables meat, sleep to our nights, Free from our feasts and banquets bloody knives, Do faithful homage, and receive free honors- All whi
, answer if you can; the Frenchmen are our enemies. Go to, then, I ask but this: can he that speaks with the tong
ches will soon clear the matter up." "My researches!" "Hence the health-giving expedition to Lausanne. You know that I cannot possibly leave London while old Abrahams is in such mortal t
the individuality of the man who has worn this article?" I took the tattered object in my hands and 
ty of room over. But the modern part is nothing like the size of the old quarter, where nobody goes, and 
 a calendar. Who saw the sun to-day? RATCLIFF. Not I, my lord. KING RICHARD. Then he disdains to shine; for by the 
 had already come to the same conclusions from my own observations. "By the time that you discovered me 
 late for him to see the true beauties of the moor." "Why, who do you think this is?" "I imagine that it must be Sir Henry Baskerville." "No, no," said
delight to pass away the time, Unless to spy my shadow in the sun And descant on mine own deformity. And therefore
raw with us; and let the trumpets sound While we return these dukes what we decree. A long flourish, while the KING consults his Council Draw near, An
 still trailing over the water marked the scene of this catastrophe. "'It was a long hour before we reached it, and at first we feared that we had come too late to save any one. A sp
SENGER. Ah, one that was a woeful looker-on When as the noble Duke of York was slain, Your princely fath
 in Baker Street. It was boisterous October weather, and we had both remained indoors all day, I because I feared with my shaken health to face the keen autumn wind, while he was deep in some of tho
 this man's wife. He was fifty and I a foolish girl of twenty when we married. It was in a city of Russ
Clarence, what think you Of this new marriage with the Lady Grey? Hath not our brother made a worthy choice? CLARENCE. Alas, you kno
to wonder why I drew you hither Into this chiefest thicket of the park. Thus stands the case: you know our King, my broth
t means this? Why do you look on me? I see no more in you than in the ordinary Of nature's sale-work. 'Od's my little l
b'red, I did not bid you mar it to the time. Go, hop me over every kennel home, For you shall hop without my custom, sir
nes? Henceforward do your messages yourself. Jul. Here's such a coil! Come, what says Romeo? Nurse. Have you got 
hour. Beat. No, sure, my lord, my mother cried; but then there was a star danc'd, and under that was I born. Cousins, God give you joy! Leon. Niece, will you look to those things I told you of? 
hat there was a steward on board of the name of James Browner and that he had acted during the voyage in such an extraordinary manner
reed. The police seemed to take particular interest in him that morning, and Captain Marvin--he who had claimed the old acquaintance with him 
hought as much; he would be above the clouds. GLOUCESTER. Ay, my lord Cardinal, how think you by that? Were it not good your Grace could fly to heaven? KING HENRY. The treas
s gnaw'd upon, Wedges of gold, great anchors, heaps of pearl, Inestimable stones, unvalued jewels, All scatt'red in the bottom 
e now. QUICKLY. Farewell to your worship. [Exit FENTON] Truly, an honest gentleman; but Anne loves him not; for I know Anne's mind as well as another does. Out upon 't, what have I forgot? Exit <<
! [Dies] PLANTAGENET. And peace, no war, befall thy parting soul! In prison hast thou spent a pilgrimage, And like a hermit overpass'd thy days. Well, I will lock his couns
hristian care enough. For living murmurers There's places of rebuke. He was a fool, For he would needs be virtuous: that good fellow, If I command him, follows my app
. My parts, my title, and my perfect soul Shall manifest me rightly. Is it they? IAGO. By Janus, I think no. Enter Cassio and certain Officers with torches. OTHELLO. The servants of the Duke? And my
r this poor furniture and mean array. If thou account'st it shame, lay it on me; And therefore frolic; we will hence forthwith To feast and sport us at thy
 life into my speech, and shows much more His own conceiving. Hark, the game is rous'd! O Cymbeline, heaven and my conscienc
 mighty awkward if it comes to an arrest for conspiracy and murder." "You think it will come to that?" He was in his most cheerful and debonair humour. "My dear Watson, when I h
--things do get about for good and for bad in this district." "Well, yes. I told the hounds what I thought of them." "By the Lord, you'll be a man after McGinty's heart!" "What, does he hate the pol
ustic surroundings, I had no difficulty in recognising Lestrade, of Scotland Yard. With him we drove to the Hereford Arms where a room had already been en
him that hath made us heavy! CHIEF JUSTICE. Peace be with us, lest we be heavier! PRINCE HUMPHREY. O, good my lord, you have lost a friend
en hurriedly and upon his own responsibility entirely. Inquiries have shown that his Ministers know nothing of the matter. At 
re My bluest veins to kiss- a hand that kings Have lipp'd, and trembled kissing. MESSENGER. First, madam, he is well. CLEOPATRA. Why, there's more gold. But, sirrah, mark, we use To say the dead are
on, the which if I do not carve most curiously, say my knife's naught. Shall I not find a woodcock too? Bene. Sir, your wi
tut, my lord, we will not stand to prate; Talkers are no good doers. Be assur'd We go to use our hands and not our tongues. GLOUCESTER. You
g?" "I did at first," she answered, "but now I know where the letters are without looking." Then, suddenly realising the full purport of his words, she gave a violent start 
the key, my man?" "At the bottom of the river," said Small, shortly. "Hum! There was no use your giving this unnecessary trouble. We have had work enough already through you. However
eing visible, save in the direction of Baskerville Hall. A boulder of granite concealed our approach, and crouching behind it we gazed over it at the signal light. It was strang
ho has been driven to the extreme limits of his reason. Then, suddenly springing to his feet, he beat his head against the wall with such fo
 as an ape, rushed up the garden path. We saw it whisk past the light thrown from over the door and disapp
dy stretched out upon the grass beside the pool. The head had been beaten in by repeated blows of some heavy and bl
uch an act That blurs the grace and blush of modesty; Calls virtue hypocrite; takes off the rose From the fair forehead of an innocent love, And sets a blister there
 I followed them down the lane, and my friend plucked at my sleeve as we came out. "I think," said he, "that we shall be of more use in London than in Norbury." Not another word did he say of the cas
oom, which stood upon the left-hand side of the passage. The old woman was pacing up and down with a scared look and restless picking fingers, but the sigh
o' th' people, And in the power of us the tribunes, we, Ev'n from this instant, banish him our city, In peril of
iety. Now do you know the reason of this haste. Friar. [aside] I would I knew not why it should be slow'd.- Look, sir, here comes the lady toward my cell. Enter Juliet. Par. Happily met, my l
e a Jack thou keep'st the stroke Betwixt thy begging and my meditation. I am not in the giving vein to-day. BUCKINGHAM. May it please you to resolve me in my 
TIMON. Pray entertain them; give them guide to us. Exeunt some attendants You must needs dine with me. Go not you hence Till I have 
at'ned death, becomes thy friend And turns it to exile. There art thou happy. A pack of blessings light upon thy back; Happiness courts thee in her best array; But, like a misbhav'd 
dvantage means to pay thy love; And, my good friend, thy voluntary oath Lives in this bosom, dearly cherished. Give me thy hand. I had a thing to say- But I will fit i
wardrobe.' "It seemed to me that I had never met so fascinating and so thoughtful a man. As I was already in debt to my tradesmen, the adva
e Lady Grey? And now, to soothe your forgery and his, Sends me a paper to persuade me patience? Is this th' alliance that he seeks with France? Dare he presume to scor
 and his stick, which was a Penang-lawyer weighted with lead, was just such a weapon as might, by repeated blows, have inflicted the terri
 that the strait pass was damm'd With dead men hurt behind, and cowards living To die with length'ned shame. LORD. Where was this lane?
sister, for Stapleton was neutral tinted, with light hair and gray eyes, while she was darker than any brunette whom I have seen in En
inute that his observations have fairly astounded me. Surely no man would work so hard or attain such precise information unless he had some definite end in view. Desultory readers are se
ood, With too much riches it confound itself; Had he done so to great and growing men, They might have Ev'd to bear, and he to taste Their fruits of duty. Superfluous branches We 
t To pray Achilles see us at our tent. If in his death the gods have us befriended; Great Troy is ours, and our sharp wars are ended.
hey could set him to his work. McGinty had instruments enough already; but he recognized that this was a supremely able one. He felt like a man hold
ms. CATO. Brave Titinius! Look whe'er he have not crown'd dead Cassius! BRUTUS. Are yet two Romans living such as these?
blame. Lear. My curses on her! Reg. O, sir, you are old! Nature in you stands on the very verge Of her confine. You should be rul'd, and led By some di
will I go buy. [Aside] And in that time Shall Master Slender steal my Nan away, And marry her at Eton.-Go, send to Falstaff straight
s account was a simple and a clear one, and he gave a convincing impression of sincerity. He had been engaged five years before, when Douglas first came to Birlstone. 
k of violets, Stealing and giving odour! Enough, no more; 'Tis not so sweet now as it was before. O spirit of love, how quick and fresh art thou! That, notwithstanding thy capacity Receive
odified, was increased and rendered infinitely more dangerous by his extraordinary mental powers. Dark rumors gathered round him in the university town, and eventually h
old renown'd For hardy and undoubted champions; Two Cliffords, as the father and the son; And two Northumberlands- two braver men Ne'er spurr'd their courser
 With reverend fathers and well learned bishops. BUCKINGHAM. I go; and towards three or four o'clock Look for the news that the Guildhall affords. Exit GLOUCESTER. Go, Lovel, with all spe
nd that he would bring his little boy home a box of bricks. Now, by the merest chance, his wife received a telegram upon this same Monday, very shortly after his departure, to the effec
ll and well- So Antony loves. ANTONY. My precious queen, forbear, And give true evidence to his love, which stands An honourable t
 say. Alb. If there be more, more woful, hold it in; For I am almost ready to dissolve, Hearing of this. Edg. This would have seem'd a period To such as lo
 mother! O heart, lose not thy nature; let not ever The soul of Nero enter this firm bosom. Let me be cruel, not unnatural; I 
all go in together and she has no word of our coming she may be alarmed. But hush! what is that?" He held up the lantern
tless spirits Than now the English bottoms have waft o'er Did never float upon the swelling tide To do offence and scathe in Christendom. [
"The first business on the agenda paper," said McGinty, "is to read the following letter from Division Master Windle of Merton County Lodge 249. He says: "Dear S
referred, lay close to the avenue, about two hundred yards from the building. "I was already firmly convinced, 
 obstinacy To cavil in the course of this contract. If once it be neglected, ten to one We shall not find like opportunity. ALENCON. [To CHARLES] To say the truth, it is your policy 
I am convinced that in the case of a secret of this importance it would rise superior to the most intim
ing his cigarette into the fire. "Oscillation upon the pavement always means an affaire de coeur. She would like advice, but 
is dispatch'd with all the haste thou canst; Anon I'll give thee more instructions. Exit a SERVINGMAN I know the boy will well usurp the grace, Voice, gait, and action, of a gentlewoman; I l
e sheet he pointed out the paragraph in which the unfortunate young man had given his own statement of what had occurred. I settled myself down in the
nnot hurt me, And that the people of this blessed land May not be punish'd with my thwarting stars, Warwick, although my head still wear the crown, I here res
ection to thy eye, And the rank poison of the old will die. Rom. Your plantain leaf is excellent for that. Ben. For w
e live to tell it-that the subtle traitor This day had plotted, in the council-house, To murder me and my good Lord of Gloucester. MAYOR. Had 
t and drawn; make from the shaft. Kent. Let it fall rather, though the fork invade The region of my heart! Be Kent unmannerly When Lear is mad. Wha
o, When first I rais'd the tempest. Say, my spirit, How fares the King and 's followers? ARIEL. Confin'd t
s Windibank running at the top of his speed down the road. "There's a cold-blooded scoundrel!" said Holmes, laughing, as he threw him
ine. But, hullo, who's the visitor?" The door had opened suddenly, and a young fellow came swaggering in with the air of one who is th
hose who had fallen by the wayside. Looking down on this very scene, there stood upon the fourth of May, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, a soli
The barren, touched in this holy chase, Shake off their sterile curse. ANTONY. I shall remember. When Caesar says "Do this," it is perform'd. CAESAR. Set on, and leave no ceremony
our Horner, I drink to you in a cup of sack; and fear not, neighbour, you shall do well enough. SECOND NEIGHBO
trusion? Didn't I send you word that I would see you to-morrow morning?" "I am sorry," said I, "but the matter cannot be delayed. Mr. Sherlock
 with no more advantage than the opportunity of a second conference, and I will bring from thence that 
RACUSE. The gold I gave to Dromio is laid up Safe at the Centaur, and the heedful slave Is wand'red forth in care to seek me out. B
y capacity Receiveth as the sea, nought enters there, Of what validity and pitch soe'er, But falls into abatement and low price Even in a minute. So full of 
very well," said I, "but the thing becomes more unintelligible than ever. How about this mysterious ally
eigned to appear to me, And in a vision full of majesty Will'd me to leave my base vocation And free my country from calamity Her aid she promis'd and assur'd success. In complete glory 
id almost sweat to bear The pride upon them, that their very labour Was to them as a painting. Now this masque Was cried incomparable; and th' ensuing night Made it a fool and beggar. The two kings, 
He took up the paper in a listless way, but his attention instantly became riveted, and he gave a little cry of 
O, 'tis a tender place! and I must leave her. Exeunt ACT II. SCENE 3. London. The palace Enter ANNE BULLEN and an OLD LADY 
ell. I know myself now, and I feel within me A peace above all earthly dignities, A still and quiet conscience. The King has cur'd me, I humbly thank his Grace; and from these shoulders, T
ssage free, Bond slaves and pagans shall our statesmen be. Exeunt. SCENE III. A council chamber. The Duke and Senators si
been stabbed, it seems, and the Hungarian police were of opinion that they had quarreled and had inflicted mortal injuries upon each other. Holmes, however, i
etiring by disposition, and very much absorbed, to all appearance, in her husband and her domestic duties. It was known that she was an English lady who had met Mr. Douglas in Lo
Katherine his daughter, and with her to dowry Some petty and unprofitable dukedoms. The offer likes not; and the nimble gunner With linstock now
as coming out. A letter had come into the town that would have set you wise to it all. Then I had to act and act quickly.
husband's occasion, let her never nurse her child herself, for she will breed it like a fool! ORLANDO. F
tor's life. Wrath makes him deaf; speak thou, Northumberland. NORTHUMBERLAND. Hold, Clifford! do not honour him so much To prick thy finger, though to wound his hear
e We fear to warrant in our native place! CASSANDRA. [Within] Cry, Troyans, cry. PRIAM. What noise, what shriek is this? TROILUS. 'Tis our mad sister; I do know her voice. C
ithout compromising his own family. "Well, your own good sense will suggest what measures I took next. I went in the shape of a loafer to Sir George's house, managed to pick up an acquai
he night-owl in a catch that will draw three souls out of one weaver? Shall we do that? AGUECHEEK. An you love me, let's do't. I am dog at a
CHAPTER IV The Story of the Bald-Headed Man We followed the Indian down a sordid and common passage, ill lit and worse furnished, until he came to a door upon the right, which he th
ted when he look'd upon the Tower, As loath to bear me to the slaughter-house. O, now I need the priest 
he whispered. "Have you the chisel and the bags? Great Scott! Jump, Archie, jump, and I'll swing for it!" Sh
k of one who comes from the dark into the light. It was a remarkable face, bold gray eyes, a strong, short-clipped, grizzled moustache, a squ
t was a cold morning of the early spring, and we sat after breakfast on either side of a cheery fire in the old room at Baker Street.
open window could reach the front doorstep by taking a long stride. This was clearly what the burglar had done, so I went round and opened the door. Stepping
in many a struggle, but the man had a grip of iron and the fury of a fiend. His hand was on my throat and my senses were nearly gone before an unshaven French ouvrier in a
you put it. But what is the object of this deep deception, Mr. Holmes?" It was amusing to me to see how the detective's overbearing manner had cha
 Henry, until I came to the point where the moor path branches off. There, fearing that perhaps I had come 
ce This gentle offer of the perilous time. PEMBROKE. Who brought that letter from the Cardinal? SALISBURY. The Count Melun, a noble lor
enaced. It looked as if the pair might take an immediate departure, and so necessitate very prompt and energetic measures on my part. At the church door, however, they separated,
t horse. DAUPHIN. It is the prince of palfreys; his neigh is like the bidding of a monarch, and his countena
 hand, fast wound about thy coal-black hair, Shall, whiles thy head is warm and new cut off, Write in the dust this sentence with thy blood: 'Wind-changing Warwick now can change no more.'
n the matter to you, if you be capacity of it. SLENDER. Nay, I will do as my cousin Shallow says; I pray you pardon me; he's a justice of peace in his country, simple though I 
r, boson? BOATSWAIN. Do you not hear him? You mar our labour; keep your cabins; you do assist the storm. GONZALO. Nay, g
 king; My masters, know you that? Gent. You are a royal one, and we obey you. Lear. Then there's life in't. Nay, an you get it, you shall 
INGHAM. To-morrow, then, we will attend your Grace; And so, most joyfully, we take our leave. GLOUCESTE
nd as he did so there was a low, harsh murmur, growing steadily into a loud roar as a train dashed past us in the darkness. H
speak anything? KING. She hath that ring of yours. BERTRAM. I think she has. Certain it is I lik'd her, And boarded h
speak anything? KING. She hath that ring of yours. BERTRAM. I think she has. Certain it is I lik'd her, And boarded her i' th' wa
r goats. I say, To buy his favour, I extend this friendship; If he will take it, so; if not, adieu; And, for 
 floor, and near it a black kid glove. "By George! it's Black Gorgiano himself!" cried the American detective. "Someone has got ahead of us this time." "Here is the candle 
ve- Or I'll be buried in the king's high way, Some way of common trade, where subjects' feet May hourly trample on their sovereign's head; For on my heart
 his love and life under my foot; Yea, for my sake, even to the eyes of Richard Gave him defiance. But which of
tly home. Go, say I sent thee forth to purchase honour, And not the King exil'd thee; or suppose Devouring pestilence hangs in our air And thou art flyin
ce which had the unquestionable effect of preventing a serious international complication. It was my i
 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE
l succeed in discovering Mr. Hosmer Angel." Mr. Windibank gave a violent start and dropped his gloves. "I am delighted to hear it," he said. "It is a curious thi
itself And dispossessing all my other parts Of necessary fitness? So play the foolish throngs with one that swoons; Come all to help him, and so stop the 
t my brother Bartholomew and I had some little discussion. The pearls were evidently of great value, and he was averse to part with them, for, betwee
an-jawed, between thirty and forty years of age, dressed in a gray suit and wearing a straw hat. A tin box for botanical specimens hung over his shoulder an
ion, manners, mysteries, and trades, Degrees, observances, customs and laws, Decline to your confounding contraries And let confusion live. Plagues incident to men, You
'd the rabble- Cats that can judge as fitly of his worth As I can of those mysteries which heaven Will not have earth to know. BRUTUS. Pray, let's go. VOLUMNIA. Now, pray, sir,
 good breakfast, Watson, for I propose to get upon Dr. Armstrong's trail to-day, and once on it I will not stop for rest or food until I run him to his burrow." "In that case," said I, "we had b
y! There is some soul of goodness in things evil, Would men observingly distil it out; For our bad neighbour makes us early stirrers, Which is both healthful and good husbandr
and a blanched cheek. He had been taken swiftly to Beckenham, and had acted as interpreter in a second 
as a dead-white tinge in his aquiline face which told me that his life recently had not been a healthy one. "I am glad to stretch myself, Watson," said he.
practice in the chape of his dagger. FIRST LORD. I will never trust a man again for keeping his sword clean; nor believe he can have everything in him by w
s impress'd in youth. By our remembrances of days foregone, Such were our faults, or then we thought them none. Her eye is sick on't; I obse
he house, and I thrust a peg into the spot. You can imagine my exultation, Watson, when within two inches of my peg I saw a conical depression in the ground. I knew that it was the mark ma
f Colonel Lysander Stark rushing forward with a lantern in one hand and a weapon like a butcher's cleaver in the other. I rushed across the b
 promise. QUICKLY. Well, she laments, sir, for it, that it would yearn your heart to see it. Her husband goes this morning a-birding; she desires you
 visit to Warsaw, I made the acquaintance of the well-known adventuress, Irene Adler. The name is no doubt familiar to you." "Kindly look her up in my index, Doctor
s and goddesses! [Seeing the body] These flow'rs are like the pleasures of the world; This bloody man, the care on'
hink it's all safe about the copy?" The Irish-American had entered the study and stretched his long limbs from the armchair. He was a tall, gaunt man of si
wn-backed volume, but as the crowd approached he laid it aside, and listened attentively to an account of the episode. Then he turned to the two castaways. "If we take you
hinks fit to keep you in the dark over this matter, is it for me, who has only learned the true facts under the pledge o
ng if I were you." "What the hell is it to you who are my friends?" roared McMurdo in a voice which brought every head in the carriage round to witness the al
This way will I. Disrobe the images If you do find them deck'd with ceremonies. MARULLUS. May we do so? You know it is the feast of Lupercal. FLA
urney to your desires by the means I shall then have to prefer them, and the impediment most profitably removed, without the 
 toe well separated from the others, because the thong is commonly passed between. These little darts, too, could only be shot in one way. They ar
way it corresponded with the scene of the old tragedy. Sir Henry was much interested and asked Stapleton more than once whether he did really believe in the possibility of 
 my lord. OTHELLO. It is the very error of the moon; She comes more nearer earth than she was wont And makes men mad. EMILIA. Cassi
in beat fiercely against the windows. It was strange there in the very depths of the town, with ten miles of man's handiwork on every side of us, to 
thing I cannot get. I to the world am like a drop of water That in the ocean seeks another drop, Who, falling there to 
wn out his notebook. "It was just half-past eleven. I had not begun to undress, and I was sitting by the fire in my bed
 had left him. But there was no sign of him, and it was in vain that I shouted. My only answer was my own voice reverberating in a rolling e
that my companion's mind was now made up about the case, although what his conclusions were was more than I could even dimly imagine. Several times during our homeward journey I endeavoured to 
es, they all went except you and me. Then I thought there was some chance of water in this direction, so I heaved you over my shoulder and we tramped it together
 as I could go. I whipped up the mare and we were there under the ten minutes. Then he paid up his two guineas, like a good one, and away he went into the station. Only just as he was leavi
y Mischance unto my state by Suffolk's means. And therefore by His Majesty I swear, Whose far unworthy deputy I am, He shall not breathe infection in this air But three days longer, on the pain o
t you have ta'en these tenders for true pay, Which are not sterling. Tender yourself more dearly, Or (not to
ethod: in the first of his heart. OLIVIA. O, I have read it; it is heresy. Have you no more to say? VIOLA. Good madam, let
so be these boots too; an they be not, let them hang themselves in their own straps. MARIA. That quaffing and drinking will 
Whipt first, sir, and hang'd after. Proclaim it, Provost, round about the city, If any woman wrong'd by this lewd fellow- As I have heard him swe
 and thus; averring notes Of chamber-hanging, pictures, this her bracelet- O cunning, how I got it!- nay, some marks Of secret on her person, that he could 
With a few grateful words to Holmes she bade us both good-night and bustled off upon her way. "At least," said I as we heard her quick, firm steps descending the stairs, "she seems to be a
3 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND M
3 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READA
ay'd as I pleas'd, Making and marring fortunes. You did know How much you were my conqueror, and that My sword, made weak by my affection, would Obey it on all cause. CLEOPATRA. Par
th many mumbled blessings and protestations of gratitude the old crone packed it away in her pocket, and sh
n create the rest. Virtue and she Is her own dower; honour and wealth from me. BERTRAM. I cannot love her, nor will strive to do 't. KING. Thou wrong'st t
e ample evidence that you are being dogged in London, and amid the millions of this great city it is difficult to discover who these people are or what their object can be. 
well. We must be patient; but I cannot choose but weep to think they would lay him i' th' cold ground. My brother shall know of it; and so I thank you for your good coun
her--a landsman. The crew had thought she would founder, and had made for the Norwegian coast in the dinghy. I guess they were all drowned. Well, we took him on board, th
ow. His weight is against his being a sapper. He is in the artillery." "Then, of course, his complete mourning shows that he has lost some one very dea
ursuit of. He returned to his miserable lodgings with his plan of vengeance all arranged. It chanced, however, that Drebber, looking from his window, had r
it." "I think it shadowed his whole life. It was never quite out of his mind." "But if a man had a danger hanging over him, and knew what it was
 to death, and every hour may be vital." "Better pick up Mr. Melas on our way," I suggested. "We may need an in
oor ignorant baubles!- on our terrible seas, Like egg-shells mov'd upon their surges, crack'd As easily 'gainst our rocks; for joy whereof The fam'd Cassibelan, who was once at point- O, giglot fort
sleep! KING. Your oath is pass'd to pass away from these. BEROWNE. Let me say no, my liege, an if you
ie with you. ANNE. I hope so. GLOUCESTER. I know so. But, gentle Lady Anne, To leave this keen encounter of our wits, And fall something into a slower method- Is 
 blood spilt.' 'How comes that?' says he that takes upon him not to conceive. The answer is as ready as a borrower's cap: 'I a
e main points in favor of the accused disappears." "And yet," said I, "even now I fail to understand what the 
nt to fight In quarrel of the house of Lancaster. FIRST MURDERER. And like a traitor to the name of God Did
 a corner, and pointed to the inscription. "These shoes," it ran, "were dug up in the moat of Holdernesse Hall. They are for the use of horses; but t
lue silk over yonder, and the stout gentleman with the wig ought to be a Reynolds. They are all family portraits, I presume?" "Every one." "Do you know the names?" "B
isten to me, Sahib,' said the taller and fiercer of the pair, the one whom they called Abdullah Khan. 'You must either be with us
R. The sun begins to gild the western sky, And now it is about the very hour That Silvia at Friar Patrick's cell should meet me. S
igator that he should see through a disguise." "But this is marvellous. It might be his portrait." "Yes, it is an interesting instance of a throwback, which appears to be both p
 the stairs, and our door was opened to admit as fine a specimen of manhood as ever passed through it. He was a very tall young man, golden-moustached, blue-eyed, with a skin which had b
ave no business there. Do you see?' He was still smiling in the most amiable manner. "'I am sure if I had known--' "'Well, then, you know now. And if you ever
good cousin, further than you should, Lest you mistake. The heavens are over our heads. BOLINGBROKE. I know it, uncle; and oppose not myself 
d, I was the world's commander; By east, west, north, and south, I spread my conquering might. My scutcheon plain declares that I am Alisander- BOYET. Your n
lewd and so much engraffed to Falstaff. PRINCE. And to thee. POINS. By this light, I am well spoke on; I can hear it with
aper] In every branch truly demonstrative; Willing you overlook this pedigree. And when you find him evenly deriv'd From his most fam'd of famous ancestors, Edward the Third, he 
That settles it. We are bound to see what it means before he comes." He opened the door and we stepped into the hall. The droning sound swelled louder upon our ears until it became one long,
e to find. Lear. Thou hast her, France; let her be thine; for we Have no such daughter, nor shall ever see That face of hers again. Therefore be gone Without our grace, our love, ou
my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in little. 'Sblood, there is something in this more than natural, if philosophy could find it out.
Th' unviolated honour of your wife. Once this-your long experience of her wisdom, Her sober virtue, years, and modest
lord, Upon his peril, that I have reserv'd To myself nothing. Speak the truth, Seleucus. SELEUCUS. Madam, I had rather seal my lips than to my
o to their darned prophet. I'm a free-born American, and it's all new to me. Guess I'm too old to lea
ey stoop'd eagles; slaves, The strides they victors made; and now our cowards, Like fragments in hard voyages, became The life o' th' need. Having found the back-door open O
tion by political refugees and revolutionists. The Socialists had many branches in America, and the deceased had, no doubt,
n my tongue. Lear. To thee and thine hereditary ever Remain this ample third of our fair kingdom, No less in space, validity, and 
n suit the place of's bed, and win this ring By hers and mine adultery. He, true knight, No lesser of her honour confident T
 good woman in the place I come from, and it's there I'd leave you till we can get married. Will you come?" "Yes, Jack, I will come." "God bles
 course, I understood that he would repeat the attempt whenever it could be done with safety. Your leaving the room gave him the chance he wanted. I kept Miss Harrison in it all day
ake particular interest in him that morning, and Captain Marvin--he who had claimed the old acquaintance with him at Chicago--actually add
 You some permit To second ills with ills, each elder worse, And make them dread it, to the doer's thrift. But Imogen is
ther point, however, which is subtler and of greater interest. There is something in common between these hands. They belon
 at the last moment. He is not a bad fellow, and I should not like to do anything which would injure him professionally. But I have a fancy for working it out myself,
 crisis. I have never seen the Prime Minister so upset. As to the Admiralty--it is buzzing like an overt
 that, Holmes?" I had read the account aloud to him, while he finished his breakfast. "My dear Watson," said he, as he rose from the 
d. Far off methinks I hear the beaten drum. Come, father, I'll bestow you with a friend. Exeunt. Scene VII. A tent in the French camp. Enter Cordelia, Kent, Doctor, and Gentleman. Cor. O thou goo
for a chamber-pot, dismiss the controversy bleeding, the more entangled by your hearing. All the peace you make in their cause is calli
 time, for when I examined the door again in the morning he had scrawled some more of his pictures under the 
 can only be determined by the fresh information which we shall no doubt find waiting for us. Well, there is the t
 my friend in a walk round the garden. Holmes took each face of the house in turn and examined it with great
. CHAPTER VI Danger It was the height of the reign of terror. McMurdo, who had already been appointed Inner
 hart. DUKE. Why, so I do, the noblest that I have. O, when mine eyes did see Olivia first, Methought she purg'd the air of pestilence! That instant was I turn'd i
id Holmes. "With gum on to the paper. But I want to know why the word 'moor' should have been written?" "Because he could not find it in 
 and to having rushed into the room, where she found matters as described by the last witness. Inspector Bradstreet,
y society. Now do you know the reason of this haste. Friar. [aside] I would I knew not why it should be slow'd.- Look, sir, here comes the lad
 8.15 to London Bridge. He was alone and took a single third-class ticket. The clerk was struck at the time by his excit
 coquettishly upon one side of its pink curve. The skull was of enormous capacity, and yet as I looked down I saw to my amazement that the figure of t
he truth, and that, outside of what I have told you, I know absolutely nothing about the fate of this man. My only desire is to help the law in every possible way." "I a
 we both were in a house Where the infectious pestilence did reign, Seal'd up the doors, and would not let us forth, So that my speed to Mantua there was stay'd. Laur. Who bare my lett
hat lets not bounty fall Where want cries some, but where excess begs all. Of folded schedules had she many a one, Which she perused, sighed, tore, and gave the fl
, I grant; But to be paddling palms and pinching fingers, As now they are, and making practis'd smiles As in a looking-gl
or, there was a distinct sound of footsteps moving softly in the next room. I slipped out of bed, all palpitating with fear, and peeped round the
 will not touch the true prince; no- fie! Bard. Faith, I ran when I saw others run. Prince. Tell me now in earnest, how
 Pity we didn't take the other alive; but there was no choice. I say, Holmes, you must confess that you cut it rather fine. I
o stay, but love to go Whither the Queen intends. Forward; away! Exeunt SCENE VI. Another part of the field A loud
nut in a fariner's fire? Tush! tush! fear boys with bugs. GRUMIO. For he fears none. GREMIO. Hortensio, hark: This gentleman is happily arriv'd, My mind presumes, for h
r; ere thou go, Give up thy staff; Henry will to himself Protector be; and God shall be my hope, My stay, 
ince it proved conclusively to my mind that we were dealing with a real hound, as no other supposition could explain this anxiety to obtain an old boot and this
 before Inspector MacDonald and White Mason came back from their expedition, and they arrived exultant, reporting a great advance 
t a word! Into your clothes and come!" Ten minutes later we were both in a cab and rattling through the silent streets on our way to Charing Cross Station. T
hat good is this to England and himself! WESTMORELAND. Base, fearful, and despairing Henry! CLIFFORD. How hast 
nothing but in his clothes; and one that hath spoke most villainous speeches of the Duke. ESCALUS. We shall entreat you to abide here till he come and enfor
ow not- thou didst hate her deadly, And she is dead; which nothing, but to close Her eyes myself, could win me to believe
, an we be in choler, we'll draw. Greg. Ay, while you live, draw your neck out of collar. Samp. I strike quickly, being moved. G
d him that they were beyond his reach. "The young canting rascals!" he exclaimed, wiping the perspiration from his forehead; "I would sooner see you in y
 fatal engine in That gives our Troy, our Rome, the civil wound. My heart is not compact of flint nor s
nnot miss him: he does make our fire, Fetch in our wood, and serves in offices That profit us. What ho! slave!
ur drums Are bringing forth our youth. We'll break our walls Rather than they shall pound us up; our gates, Which yet seem shut, we hav
ir; but that's all one. 'By the Lord, fool, I am not mad!' But do you remember- 'Madam, why laugh you at such a barren rascal? An you smile not, he's gagg'd'? And thus the whirligig of time brings 
f this master huntsman that the adventure was a most grave one, while the sardonic smile which occasionally broke t
Holborn. Holmes pushed open the door of the private bar and ordered two glasses of beer from the ruddy-faced, white-aproned landlord
e singular disappearance of the door-key. A most careful search had failed to discover it in the room. Therefore it must have been taken from it. But
he time which it would take the senders to travel the distance. But this one comes from London, and therefore we cannot count upon delay." "Good G
irst be tried by fight, And then your Highness shall command a peace. SOMERSET. The quarrel toucheth none but us alone; Betwixt ourselves let us decide it then. YORK. There 
her's, and for a few days I was a dweller once more in my old quarters at Baker Street. "Why," said I, glancing up at my companion, "that was surely the bell. Who could come to-night? Some friend of 
 Before God, I am exceeding weary. POINS. Is't come to that? I had thought weariness durst not have attach'd
strength. Then he placed it without a word upon the seat beside him. Having done this, he drew up the windows on each side, and I found to my astonishment that they were covered with paper s
ou make of it?" "I must ask you first, Mr. Holmes, to glance at this rough plan, which will give you a general idea of the 
he King. He rages; none Dare come about him. QUEEN. All the better. May This night forestall him of the coming day! Exit CLOTEN. I love and hate her; for she's fair and royal, And that she hat
aker Street. He snatched one of them up, opened it, and burst out into a triumphant chuckle of laughte
ANCE. Good Lord Boyet, my beauty, though but mean, Needs not the painted flourish of your praise. Beauty is bought by judgment of the eye, Not utt'red by base sale of chapmen's tongues; I
hat end I shortly mind to leave you. KING EDWARD. Leave me or tarry, Edward will be King, And not be tied unto his brother's will. QUEEN ELIZABETH. My lords, before it pleas'd his Majesty To raise
atal brawl. There lies the man, slain by young Romeo, That slew thy kinsman, brave Mercutio. Cap. Wife. Tybalt, my cousin! O my brother's child! O Prince!
he were in heaven, so she could Entreat some power to change this currish Jew. NERISSA. 'Tis well you offer it behind her back; The wish would make else an unquiet house. SHYLOCK. [Asi
 logical mind, and yet I should be obliged to you if you would indicate it." "The train of reasoning is not very obscure, Watson," said Holmes with a 
h is so serious. Let us bury him, And not protract with admiration what Is now due debt. To th' grave. ARVIRAGUS. Say, where shall's lay him? GUIDERIUS
ore of Styx? Make way to lay them by their brethren. [They open the tomb] There greet in silence, as t
 BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. SCENE I. The prison Enter DUKE, disguised as before, CLAUDIO, and PROVOST DUKE. So, then you hope of pardon fr
ke of Albany's Palace. Enter Lear, Kent, and Fool. Lear. Go you before to Gloucester with these letters. Acquaint my daugh
f months I got him all right and able to walk. He took a kind of fancy to me then, and would hardly go back to his woods, but was always hanging about my hut. I learned a little of his
nisters Of this dead butcher and his fiend-like queen, Who, as 'tis thought, by self and violent hands Took of
eir eyes purging thick amber and plum-tree gum; and that they have a plentiful lack of wit, together with most weak hams. Al
kle hour: Who hast by waning grown, and therein show'st, Thy lovers withering, as thy sweet self grow'st.
 De Quincey's description of his dreams and sensations, he had drenched his tobacco with laudanum in an attempt to produce the same effects. He found, as so many more have done, t
d for." A terrible sob shook his great frame, and he clutched his throat under his brindled beard. Then with an effo
 some show of blindness; Let not my sister read it in your eye; Be not thy tongue thy own shame's orator; Look sweet, speak fair, become disloyalty; Apparel vice like virtue's harbinger; 
 Pompey, I have kept me from the cup. Thou art, if thou dar'st be, the earthly Jove; Whate'er the ocean pales or sky inclips Is thine, if
ting it. I at once rode past the carriage, and, keeping to the main road, I went on for a few miles, and
f your left shoe, just where the firelight strikes it, the leather is scored by six almost parallel cu
, Holding thine ear close to the hollow ground. So shall no foot upon the churchyard tread (Being loose, unfirm, with digging up of graves) But thou shalt hear it. Whistle then to me, As signal tha
nd come up." We tied Toby to the hall table, and reascended the stairs. The room was as we had left it, save that a sheet had been draped 
e chances being in favour of the latter." "And how in the world did you find them?" "It might have been difficult, but friend Lestrade held information in his 
n Dr. Mortimer withdrew from the service of the hospital in order to start in practice for himself. We know there has been a pres
safety by our boat, And left the ship, then sinking-ripe, to us; My wife, more careful for the latter-born, Had fast'ned him unto a small spare m
ever leave till we have hewn thee down, Or bath'd thy growing with our heated bloods. EDWARD. And in this resolution I defy thee; Not willing an
er die, Who was the model of thy father's life. Call it not patience, Gaunt-it is despair; In suff'ring thus thy brother to be slaught'red, Thou showest the
ona, take me from this world with treachery and devise engines for my life. RODERIGO. Well, what is it? Is it within reason and compass? IAGO. Sir, there is especia
much advanc'd; he hath known you but three days, and already you are no stranger. VIOLA. You either fear his humour or my negligence, that you call in question the continuance of his love. Is he inc
lse gallop of verses; why do you infect yourself with them? ROSALIND. Peace, you dull fool! I found them on a tree. TOUCHSTONE. T
mum with me so long as I see you living on the straight," said the captain. "But, by the Lord! if you get off after this, it's another story! So good-night to you--and goodnight, Councillor." He lef
l Bianca Be bride to you, if you make this assurance; If not, to Signior Gremio. And so I take my leave, and thank you both. GREMIO. Adieu, good neighbour. Exit BAPTISTA Now, I fear thee not. Sir
o return to Devonshire. Will you remember to give them that message?" "If you insist upon it." "There is no alternative, I assure you." I saw by the baronet's cloude
t lie. STEPHANO. Trinculo, if you trouble him any more in's tale, by this hand, I will supplant some of your teeth. TRI
. It was an odious face--crafty, vicious, malignant, with shifty, light-grey eyes and white eyelashes. "What's this, then?" said Lestrade at las
 no breath, but now Make boot of his distraction. Never anger Made good guard for itself. CAESAR. Let our best heads Know that to-morrow the last of many battles We mean to fight. Withi
, to be levied Without delay; and the pretence for this Is nam'd your wars in France. This makes bold mouths; Tongues spit their duties out, and cold hearts freeze Allegiance i
 For the most part, too, they are foolish that are so. Her hair, what colour? MESSENGER. Brown, madam; and her forehead As
Eat a good breakfast, Watson, for I propose to get upon Dr. Armstrong's trail to-day, and once on it I will not stop for re
 brandy, Colonel. My strength had been rather tried of late." "I trust that you had no more of those nervous attacks." Sherlock Holmes laughed heartily. "We will come 
t before the fire and laughed heartily in his silent inward fashion. "You would not call me a marrying man, Watson?" "No, indeed!" "You'll be interested to hear that I am engaged." "My dear f
 bosom interest. Go pronounce his present death, And with his former title greet Macbeth. ROSS. I'll see it done.
DIOMEDES. We sympathise. Jove let Aeneas live, If to my sword his fate be not the glory, A thousand complete courses of the sun! But in mine emulous honour let him die With every joint a woun
 In act thy bed-vow broke and new faith torn, In vowing new hate after new love bearing: But why of two oaths' breach do I accuse thee, When I break twenty? I am perjured most, For all my vows
re funeral- No trophy, sword, nor hatchment o'er his bones, No noble rite nor formal ostentation,- Cry to be heard, as 'twere from heaven to earth, That I must call't in question. King.
s: There's not a note of mine that's worth the noting. Pedro. Why, these are very crotchets that he speaks!
 I don't know." "You remember the Baker Street division of the detective police force whom I employed in the Jefferson Hope case?" "Well," said I,
lowed. "The first business on the agenda paper," said McGinty, "is to read the following letter from Division Master Windle of Merton County Lodge 249. H
nd in half an hour we were at the address which had been given to us. A young woman opened the door, who proved to be Mrs. Tangey's eldest d
ffering to his wife. Remember the card upon the bird's leg." "You have an answer to everything. But how on earth do you deduce that the gas is not laid on in hi
had ever enjoyed when we were the defenders of the law instead of its defiers. The high object of our mission, the consciousness that it was unselfish a
expensive Turkish rather than the invigorating home-made article?" "Because for the last few days I have been feeling rheumatic and 
es whispered; and I knew from the thrill of his voice that he, the man of iron, was shaken to the soul. "Where is it, Watson?
 adieu. Be more expressive to them; for they wear themselves in the cap of the time; there do muster true gait; eat, speak, and move, under the inf
an sons doth hate, From forth thy plenteous bosom, one poor root! Ensear thy fertile and conceptious womb, Let it no more bring out ingrateful man! Go great with ti
The Florentine camp Enter the two FRENCH LORDS, and two or three SOLDIERS SECOND LORD. You have not given him his mother's letter? 
ticularly dangerous gang." It was almost dark before we found ourselves in Pall Mall, at the rooms of Mr. Melas. A gentleman had just called for him, and he was gone. "Can you tell me where?" asked M
lgar intrigue. That, however, was out of the question. The man's business was a small one, and there wa
 doubt at first as to whether we were really pursuing them, but now as we followed every winding and turning which they took there could no longer be any question about it. At Greenwich we w
ous. HORTENSIO. Madam, before you touch the instrument To learn the order of my fingering, I must begin with rudiments of art, To teach you gamut in a briefer sort, More pleasant, pithy, and effectu
 these valiant cohabitants. Never did base and rotten policy Colour her working with such deadly wounds; Nor never could the noble Mortimer Receive so many, and all willingly. Then let
stened to a hook just above where the little opening for the ventilator is." "How very absurd! I never noticed that before." "Very strange!" muttered Holmes, pulling at the rope. "There are one o
 with us To Bristow Castle, which they say is held By Bushy, Bagot, and their complices, The caterpillars of the commonwealth, Which I have sworn to weed and pluck away. YORK. It m
in my mind. "Yes," I said; "it is morally justifiable so long as our object is to take no articles save those which are used for an illegal pur
rags, And countenanc'd by boys and beggary- I say, if damn'd commotion so appear'd In his true, native, and most proper shape, You, re
e trainer's house. The Colonel and the Inspector were awaiting us in the parlor. "My friend and I return to town by the night-express," said Holmes. "We have had a char
the Dale,a most furious knight and valorous enemy. But what of that? He saw me, and yielded; that I may justly say with the h
d, Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff As dreams are made on; and our little life Is rounded w
ou good gods, Let what is here contain'd relish of love, Of my lord's health, of his content; yet not That we tw
ll do so, and I must be quick, for I have promised Mr. Rucastle to be back before three. I got his leave to come into town this morning, though he little knew for what purpose." "Let us h
e better. Hero. No, pray thee, good Meg, I'll wear this. Marg. By my troth, 's not so good, and I warrant your cousin will s
. Ah, what sharp stings are in her mildest words! Rinaldo, you did never lack advice so much As letting her pass so; had I spoke with her, I could hav
 and I noticed that he slipped his revolver into his pocket. "Yes," said he, in answer to my glance; "I should say from what we have heard, tha
 but your loves, Thinking upon his services, took from you Th' apprehension of his present portance, Which, most gibingly, ungravely, he did fashion After the invetera
still, ha? POMPEY. Troth, sir, she hath eaten up all her beef, and she is herself in the tub. LUCIO. Why, 'tis good; it is the right of it; it must be so; ever your fre
? Ham. Excellent, i' faith; of the chameleon's dish. I eat the air, promise-cramm'd. You cannot feed capons so. King. I have nothing with this answer, Hamlet. Thes
elps, are very poisonous Where the disease is violent. Lay hands upon him And bear him to the rock. [CO
hey run off] FALSTAFF. I think the devil will not have me damn'd, lest the oil that's in me should set hell on fire; he would never else cross me thus. 
hat cottage, and I shall probe the matter to the bottom.' "'No, no, Jack, for God's sake!' she gasped, in uncontrollable emotion. Then, as I approached the
no means to stay. Glou. Alack, the night comes on, and the bleak winds Do sorely ruffle. For many miles about There's scarce a bush. Reg. O, sir, to wilful men The injuries that they themse
our commission Will tie you to the numbers and the time Of their dispatch. TRIBUNE. We will discharge our duty. Exeunt ACT IV. SCENE I. Wales. Near the cave of 
If it prove so, I will be gone the sooner. I'll to the Centaur to go seek this slave. I greatly fear my money is not safe. <Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMP
d? Why are thine eyes fix'd to the sullen earth, Gazing on that which seems to dim thy sight? What see'st thou there? King Henry's diadem, Enchas'd with all the honours of the world? If
e whirl of dust drew nearer to the solitary bluff upon which the two castaways were reposing, the canvas-covered tilts of waggons and the figures of armed horsemen began to show up throu
I had placed it when examining the trough. By its light I saw that the black ceiling was coming down upon me, slowly, jer
FORD. Gloucester, why doubt'st thou of my forwardness? An army have I muster'd in my thoughts, Wherewith alread
er read it in your eye; Be not thy tongue thy own shame's orator; Look sweet, speak fair, become disloyalty; Apparel vice like virtue's 
n expression of annoyance. "It was invisible, buried in the mud. I only saw it because I was looking for it." "What! You expected to find it?" "I
IO as CAMBIO Signior Baptista, you are happily met. [To To the PEDANT] Sir, this is the gentleman I told you of; I pray you stand good fa
 Swallowed. When he needs what you have glean'd, it is but squeezing you and, sponge, you shall be dry again. Ros. I understand you not, my lord. Ham. I am glad of it. A knavish speech sleeps in a
pleasure; be't to fly, To swim, to dive into the fire, to ride On the curl'd clouds. To thy strong bidding task Ariel and all his quality. PROSPERO. Hast thou, spi
perficial tale Is but a preface of her worthy praise. The chief perfections of that lovely dame, Had I sufficient skill to utter them, Would make a volume of enticing line
or I have promised Mr. Rucastle to be back before three. I got his leave to come into town this morning, though he little knew for
n us. Often, if I felt lonesome, I used to turn out the lamp in the surgery, and then, standing there, I could hear their tal
r finger. "She shall not be buried in that," he cried with a fierce snarl, and before an alarm could be raised sprang down the stairs and was gone. So strange and so brief was the episode, that
wise, and henceforth let a Welsh correction teach you a good English condition. Fare ye well. Exit PISTOL. Doth Fortune play the huswife with me no
aid, at last, "to be taking matters too much for granted. I am, of course, familiar with the contents of these letters. My c
vouchsafe me a word? HELEN. Nay, this shall not hedge us out. We'll hear you sing, certainly- PANDARUS. Well sweet queen, you are pleasant with me. But, marry, thus, my lord: my dear lord and
90-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRI
t's been owing him a long time, and he'll get it full and proper." "Get what?" McMurdo whispered to his neighbour. "The business end of a buckshot cartridge!" cried the man with
. Simon. I will read it to you, and in return you must turn over these papers and let me have whatev
he Tower, Then where you please and shall be thought most fit For your best health and recreation. PRINCE. I
 Lord Grey Are sent to Pomfret, and with them Sir Thomas Vaughan, prisoners. DUCHESS. Who hath committed them? MESSENGER. The mighty Dukes, Gloucester and Buckingham. ARCHBISHOP. For what offen
ANT. Please you, my lord, there are certain ladies most desirous of admittance. TIMON. Ladies! What are their wills? SERVANT
hese same crosses spoil me. Who are you? Mine eyes are not o' th' best. I'll tell you straight. Kent. If fo
I think myself in better plight for a lender than you are; the which hath something embold'ned me to this unseason'd intrusion; for they say, if money go before, all 
spring morning in Cornwall when for two hours he discoursed upon celts, arrowheads, and shards, as lightly as if no sinister mystery were waiting for 
 DUKE. Ay, that's the theme. To her in haste. Give her this jewel; say My love can give no place, bide no denay. Exeunt SC
nce of all that she said thawed her into a corresponding amiability. She did not attempt to conceal her hatred for her late employer. "Y
ards too. KING PHILIP. Stand in his face to contradict his claim. CITIZEN. Till you compound whose rig
him; and at my entreaty forbear his presence until some little time hath qualified the heat of his displeasure, which at this instant
ll Lucius come again, He leaves his pledges dearer than his life. Farewell, Lavinia, my noble sister; O, wo
 think I will leave him to tell his very remarkable experience in his own fashion." A few minutes later we were joined by a short,
ome in her presence. Bene. Then is courtesy a turncoat. But it is certain I am loved of all ladies, only you excepted; and I wo
nutterable astonishment, leaned over in front of me and deliberately knocked the whole thing over. The glass smashed in
ost obvious explanation is that the child has been kidnapped for the purpose of levying ransom. You have not had any demand of the sort?" "No, sir." "One more question, your Grace. I unde
MARCIUS, bleeding, assaulted by the enemy FIRST SOLDIER. Look, sir. LARTIUS. O, 'tis Marcius! Let's fetch him off, or make remain alike. [They fight, and all enter the city] SCENE V. Wit
 of him, of course? He's simply the hinge that the whole team turns on. I'd rather spare two from the pack and have Godfrey for my three-quarter line. Whether i
o haze, but nothing remained of the heap of shag which I had seen upon the previous night. "Awake, Watson?" he asked. "Yes." "Game for a morning drive?" "Certainly." "Then dress. No on
d broken into your library with the intention of getting at some document which might be of importance in the case." "Precisely so," said Mr. 
l fellowship of death! Where is the number of our English dead? [HERALD presents another paper] Edward the Duke of York, the Earl of Suffolk
 slaves as ragged as Lazarus in the painted cloth, where the glutton's dogs licked his sores; and such as indeed were never soldiers, but discarded u
. Clair, which lay uncovered as the tide receded. And what do you think they found in the pockets?" "I cann
my father's death come not upon thee, Nor thine on me! Dies. Ham. Heaven make thee free of it! I follow thee. I am dead, Horatio. Wretched queen, adieu! You that look 
anish'd as from hence! But what thou art, God, thou, and I, do know; And all too soon, I fear, the King shall rue. Farewell, my liege. Now no way can
ered me a hundred a year, which was certainly splendid pay. So it ended by my accepting, and I went down to Chiltern Grange, about six miles from Farnham. Mr. Carruthers was a widowe
." "Oh, an Irish-American?" "If you heard him talk you would not doubt it. Sometimes I assure you I can hardly understand him. He seems to have declared war on the King'
 IMOGEN. Thou shouldst have made him As little as a crow, or less, ere left To after-eye him. PISANIO. Madam, so I did. 
ness left you wife and child, Those precious motives, those strong knots of love, Without leave-taking? I pray you,
htful, eager face of our companion. Finally he returned them to the box once more and sat for a while in deep meditation. "You 
at faults. MALVOLIO. M- But then there is no consonancy in the sequel; that suffers under probation: A should follow, b
ind it." The road in which we found ourselves as we turned round the corner from the retired Saxe-Coburg Square
weeping His welcomes forth; asks thee there 'Son, forgiveness!' As 'twere i' th' father's person; kisses the hands Of your fresh prin
n him a plenitude of subtle matter, Applied to cautels, all strange forms receives, Of burning blushes or of weeping water, 
s be press'd! [They sleep] Enter PUCK PUCK. Through the forest have I gone, But Athenian found I none On whose eyes I might approve 
eing Coriolanus. Re-enter second SERVINGMAN SECOND SERVANT. Whence are you, sir? Has the porter his eyes in his head that he gives entrance to such companions? Pray get 
his heart to meet it. "The front and back entrances are watched, but with caution we may get away through the side window and across the fie
r may turn out to be much deeper and more subtle than I at first supposed. I must reconsider my ideas." He leaned back in the cab, and I could s
" he cried, "and, above all, why did you not come at once?" "I did not know. It was only to-day that I spoke to Major Prendergast about 
e is gone, my lord, you need not fear. PUCELLE. Of all base passions fear is most accurs'd. Command the conque
per pinned on to the coverlet of his bed just over his chest. On it was printed, in bold straggling letters:-- "Twenty-nine days are 
th enjoyed nothing of Ford's but his buck-basket, his cudgel, and twenty pounds of money, which must be paid to Master Brook; his horses are arrest
children all will fight And have our bodies slaught'red by thy foes. FIRST SERVING-MAN. Ay, and the very parings of our nails Shall pitc
be thought that as a member, all the doings of the society would be told to him; but he was soon to discov
 Do but encave yourself And mark the fleers, the gibes, and notable scorns, That dwell in every region of his face; For I will make him tell the 
ersed it have ever imagined that the fairest prairies and the most lush water pastures were valueles
t by a trusty servant who, under the guise of a merchant, should take it to the fort at Agra, there to lie until the land is at peace. Thus, if the rebels won he would have his money, but if
ondon crime. I asked him whether the name of Abe Slaney was known to him. Here is his reply: 'The most dangerous crook in Chicago.' On the very evening upon which I had his answer Hilton 
a, a University--I will not name the place." "God bless you, Anna!" murmured the old man again. "We were reformers--revolutionists--Nihilists, you understan
 seemed to have already absorbed the spirit of the vile association of which he was now a member. "I like it well," s
y. WESTMORELAND. That argues but the shame of your offence: A rotten case abides no handling. HASTINGS. Hath the Prince John a full commission, In very ample virtue of his father, To hear and absolut
 say I stared rather straight at the two deal chairs and one little table, which, with a ledger and a waste paper basket, made up the whole furniture
d to Crassus, And bid them bring the trumpets to the gate; But send me Flavius first. PETER. It shall 
ld decay, If all were minded so, the times should cease, And threescore year would make the world away: Let those whom nature hath not made for store, Harsh, featureless, and ru
some, that I thought I'd be none the worse for some one with me. I ain't afeared of anything on this side o' the grave; but 
juries. WARWICK. Indeed, I think the young king loves you not. CHIEF JUSTICE. I know he doth not, and do arm myself To welcome the condi
 for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have use
 natures. I am sorry. What, have you given him any hard words of late? Oph. No, my good lord; but, as you did command, I did repel his letters and d
eld my duty speedily to acquaint you withal; sithence, in the loss that may happen, it concerns you something to know it. COU
 lingo. For myself, I used to stand outside the gate-way, looking down on the broad, winding river and o
ve only stomachs to eat, and none to fight. Now is it time to arm. Come, shall we about it? ORLEANS. It is now two o'clock; but let me see- by ten 
seems to be very deeply interested in your movements." Out of the envelope he took a half-sheet of foolscap paper folded into four. This he opened and spread flat u
binet. "My missing boot!" he cried. "May all our difficulties vanish as easily!" said Sherlock Holmes. "But it is a very singular thing," Dr. Mortimer remarked. "I s
as large and comfortably furnished. "You see that," said he, pointing to a big black box at the end of his bed. "I have never been a very rich man
et you in again; Comfort my sister, cheer her, call her wife. 'Tis holy sport to be a little vain When the sweet breath of flattery conquers 
e bicyclist?" Holmes asked cheerfully. "What is the latest news of the ruffian?" MacDonald pointed ruefully to his h
 he?" said Holmes, in a disappointed voice. "I am sorry for that, for I wanted to speak to Mr. Smith." "He's been away s
 thee (dear friend) All losses are restored, and sorrows end. 31 Thy bosom is endeared with all hearts, Which I by lacking have supposed dead, And there reigns l
estion, hoping to be the wiser by your answer. I pray you, sir, are you a courtier? CLOWN. O Lord, sir!-There's a simple putting off. More
1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE CO
erville, what says my loving son? And by thy guess how nigh is Clarence now? SOMERVILLE. At Southam I did leave him with his forces, And do expect him here some two hours hence. [Drum heard] 
g John hath reconcil'd Himself to Rome; his spirit is come in, That so stood out against the holy Church, The great metropolis and see of Rome. Therefore thy threat'ning colours now wind up
. The two castaways, John Ferrier and the little girl who had shared his fortunes and had been adopted
?" He opened his bag as he spoke, and tumbled onto the floor a wedding-dress of watered silk, a pair of white satin shoes and a bride's wreath and veil, all discoloured and soaked in 
 turned his rounded back upon me, and went peering and blinking out of the room. "That was my singular interview with Professo
is, in our foresaid holy father's name, Pope Innocent, I do demand of thee. KING JOHN. What earthly name to interrogatories Can task the free breath of a sacred king? Tho
which I shall ever associate with our pursuit of the Andaman Islander in the earlier days of our career. After a long and weary journey we alighted at a 
All cruels else subscrib'd. But I shall see The winged vengeance overtake such children. Corn. See't shalt thou never. Fellows, hold the chair. Upon these eyes of thine 
ice of dauntless spirits Than now the English bottoms have waft o'er Did never float upon the swelling tide To do offence and scathe in Christendom. [Drum beat
, out of anger He sent command to the Lord Mayor straight To stop the rumour and allay those tongues That durst disperse it. SECOND GENTLEMAN. But tha
s a bijou villa, with a garden at the back, but built out in front right up to the road, two stories. Chubb lock to 
catastrophe. Then he stepped into the cab, and in half an hour we were back in the sitting-room at Ba
lorious sun reflex his beams Upon the country where you make abode; But darkness and the gloomy shade of death Environ you, till mischief and despair Drive y
nd looked at it. Then he crept to the door of the bedroom, and stood with slanting head listening intently. No sound came from within. Mea
d a year in my own right, besides the little that I make by the machine, and I would give it all to know what has become of Mr. Hosmer Angel." "Why did you come away to consult 
heir paly flames Each battle sees the other's umber'd face; Steed threatens steed, in high and boastful neighs Piercing the night's dull ear; and fro
 if McMurdo and Scanlan would put the strangers up for a few days in their boarding house. The same evening the two men arrived, each carrying his gripsack. Lawler wa
fifty murderers in my career, but the worst of them never gave me the repulsion which I have for this fellow. And yet I 
rince his son are gone. Clarence, thy turn is next, and then the rest; Counting myself but bad till I be best. I'll throw thy body in another room, And triumph, Henry, in t
o more Than what he found himself was apt and true. EMILIA. But did you ever tell him she was false? IAGO. I
ORK. Then he is more beholding to you than I. GLOUCESTER. He may command me as my sovereign; But you have powe
anch of victory. Have you no song, forester, for this purpose? LORD. Yes, sir. JAQUES. Sing it; 'tis no matter how it be in tune, so it make noise enough. SONG. What shall he have that kill'd 
power, All these could not procure me any scathe So long as I am loyal, true, and crimeless. Wouldst have me 
'd till now? I do not sleep: I see, I hear, I speak; I smell sweet savours, and I feel soft things. Upon my life, I am a lord indeed, And not
ry bed in which she slept. Imagine, then, my thrill of terror when last night, as I lay awake, thinking over her terrible fate,
en I'll sweat and seek about for eases, And at that time bequeath you my diseases. Exit THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 199
e King's. He hath intent his wonted followers Shall all be very well provided for; But all are banish'd till their conversations Appear more wise and modest to the world
 back is turned. What a splendid night it is!" "You like this weather?" "It suits my purpose. Watson, I mean to burgle Milverton's house to-night." I h
ou should. GENTLEWOMAN. Neither to you nor anyone, having no witness to confirm my speech. Enter Lady Macbeth with a taper. Lo you, here she comes! This is her very guis
ched; such, I mean, Where they should be reliev'd. Two beggars told me I could not miss my way. Will poor
s much as you do. The instant that he heard of it he made a complete confession to me, so filled was he with horror and remorse. He lost not an hour in breaking ent
defy thee. Lords, vouchsafe To give me hearing what I shall reply. If I were covetous, ambitious, or perverse, As he will have me, how 
beseech you, think you he'll carry Rome? AUFIDIUS. All places yield to him ere he sits down, And the nobility of Rome are his; The senators and patricians love him 
te-books, which Holmes turned over and examined with quick, nervous fingers and darting, penetrating eyes. "Nothing here," h
y the forward top; For we are old, and on our quick'st decrees Th' inaudible and noiseless foot of Time Steals ere we can effect them
the fame Which he did end all his, and took some pride To do myself this wrong. Till, at the last, I seem'd his follower, not partner; and He wag'd me with his countenance a
our bills be not stol'n. Well, you are to call at all the alehouses and bid those that are drunk get th
ss would desire. Glou. What, is he dead? Edg. Sit you down, father; rest you. Let's see his pockets; these letters that he speaks of May be my friends. He's dead. I am only sorry H
 and his things were all just as I had seen them the night before. He had gone off at a moment's notice with this stranger, a
ngham and I Are come from visiting his Majesty. QUEEN ELIZABETH. What likelihood of his amendment, Lords? BUCKINGHAM. Madam, good hope; his Grace speaks cheerfully.
ut from a frame of white hair, and his precious volumes, a dozen of them at least, wedged under his right arm. "You're surprised to see me, sir," said he, in a strange, croaking voi
 from Wales. CHIEF JUSTICE. I talk not of his Majesty. You would not come when I sent for you. FALSTAFF. And I hear, more
ristocratic mask was replaced, and the gentle voice had returned. "Besides the members of the Cabinet there are two, or possibly three, departmental
rted, after a short examination of the grass bed, "a number twelve shoe, I should say. If he was all on the same scale as his foot he must certainly have been a g
wn from many ancestors; Which were the greatest obloquy i' th' world In me to lose. DIANA. Mine honour's such a ring: My chastity's the 
my speech entreats That I may know the let why gentle Peace Should not expel these inconveniences And bless us with her former qualities. KING HENRY. If, Duke of Burgundy, you would the peace Who
rts, but what I will deserve. Urge the necessity and state of times, And be not peevish-fond in great designs. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Shall I be tempted of the devil thus? KING RICHARD. Ay, i
! Murder! Heaven knows what! Block the road! Stop the horse! That's right. Now, jump in, and let us see if I can repair 
but had become a public one, since the ruined coronet was national property. I was determined that the law should have its way i
a lark That gives sweet tidings of the sun's uprise? With all my heart I'll send the Emperor my hand.
the weary horses into a gallop. As the sun rose slowly above the eastern horizon, the caps of the great mountains lit up one after the other
 far clear him. Now, what mov'd me to't, I will be bold with time and your attention. Then mark th' inducement. Thus it came-give heed to't: My conscience first receiv'd a tender
s very dark, and a thin, warm rain was falling. There was no one in Charles Street, but a great traffic was going on, as usual
econd most dangerous man in London. "This is astonishing," said I, as I handed back the volume. "The man's career is that of an honourable soldier." "It is true," Holmes answered. "Up to a ce
 we shall be off at once." He opened the table-drawer as he spoke, and I noticed that he slipped his revolver into his pocket. "Y
t but seem to be so, And will as tenderly be led by the nose As asses are. I have't. It is engender'd. Hell and night Must bring this monstrous birth to the wo
as a crevice in the brick-work. "It is absolutely impossible," I answered. "Without aid it is so. But suppose you had a f
us then of such a one? No evil lost is wail'd when it is gone. ADRIANA. Ah, but I think him better than I say, And yet would herein others' 
T 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE R
T 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE RE
 lend thee aid; But cheer thy heart and be thou not dismay'd: God and good angels fight on Richmond's side; And Richard falls in he
uck by the theory thus put forward, and he continued to walk up and down for some time, lost in thought
eat deputy, the welkin's vicegerent and sole dominator of Navarre, my soul's earth's god and body's fost'r
e, Suffolk, why I am unmeet: First, for I cannot flatter thee in pride; Next, if I be appointed for the place, My Lord of Somerset will keep me here Without discharge, money, or furnit
ey walk away.] Claud. If he dote on her upon this, I will never trust my expectation. Pedro. Let there be the same net spread for her, and that must your daughter and her gentlewomen carry. The 
nd now I well perceive You have but jested with me all this while. I prithee, sister Kate, untie my hands. KATHERINA. [Strikes her] If that be jest, then an the rest was so. Enter BA
 Hold, take my ring. SERVINGMAN. My lord, I had forgot to tell your lordship, To-day, as I came by, I called there- But I shall grieve you to report the rest. YORK. What is't, knave?
d Cominius much unhearts me. He was not taken well: he had not din'd; The veins unfill'd, our blood is cold, and th
ITIZEN. Well, sir, what answer made the belly? MENENIUS. Sir, I shall tell you. With a kind of smile, Which ne'er came from the lungs, but even thus- For look you, I may make th
especting her that's gone. Besides, the gods Will have fulfill'd their secret purposes; For has not the divi
OND GENTLEMAN. I think you have hit the mark; but is't not cruel That she should feel the smart of this?
n of my honour," said he, "you want the money before you give up the book." "Well, mister, it is a business proposition." "All right. Have your w
s breath. Suddenly a door opened at the other end of the passage, and a long, golden bar of light shot out in our directio
r tip up his heels and put him over the rail in the middle watch of a dark night, two days before we sighted the Shetl
Mangles true judgment, and bereaves the state Of that integrity which should become't, Not having the power 
tson, you have one more specimen of the tragic and grotesque to add to your collection. By the way, it is not eight o'clock, and a Wagn
arrest and acquittal. That a man on the very night of joining the lodge should have done something which brought him before the magistrate was a new recor
y! What inhuman rogues there are in the world! But Godfrey is a fine lad--a staunch lad. Nothing would induce him to give his old uncle away. I'll have the plate moved ov
 stowage. May it please you To take them in protection? IMOGEN. Willingly; And pawn mine honour for their safety. Since My lord hath interest in them, I w
er at large Of all that may concern thy love affairs. As thou lov'st Silvia, though not for thyself, Regard thy danger, and along with me. VALENTINE. I pray thee, Launce
 order to wait. The third applicant was a man of remarkable appearance. A fierce bull-dog face was framed 
ontacting Project Gutenberg to get Etexts, and further information is included below. We need your donations. The Complete Works of William Shakespeare January, 1994 [Etext #100] The L
n it, which showed an irregular line of yellow teeth, and his crinkled hands were half closed in a way that is distinctive of sail
 to sojourn at my house, I'll not be there. Corn. Nor I, assure thee, Regan. Edmund, I hear that you have shown your father A childlike office. Edm. 'Twas my duty
SS OF FRANCE. Good Lord Boyet, my beauty, though but mean, Needs not the painted flourish of your praise. Beauty is bought by judgment 
eed, its snow-white muzzle proclaimed that it had already exceeded the usual term of canine existence. I placed it upon a cushion on the rug. "I will now cut one of these pills in two," said Hol
me that I boast her off, For thou shalt find she will outstrip all praise, And make it halt behind her. FERDINAND. I do belie
nk your Majesty and her, my lord; These words, these looks, infuse new life in me. TAMORA. Titus, I am incorporate in Rome, A Roman now adopted
CASSIUS. No, Caesar hath it not, but you, and I, And honest Casca, we have the falling sickness. CASCA. I know not what you mean by th
 "I had hoped," suggested Holmes, "that you would have joined us in a friendly supper." "I think that there you ask a little too much," responded his Lord
 is not owed to you! Exeunt LUCILIUS and OLD ATHENIAN POET. [Presenting his poem] Vouchsafe my labour, and l
ers.' And then, seeing that I smiled and shook my head, she suddenly threw aside her constraint and made a step forward, with her hands wrung toge
engage me." So spoke Sherlock Holmes and turned back to the great scrapbook in which he was arranging and indexing some of his recent material. But the landlad
, With cadent tears fret channels in her cheeks, Turn all her mother's pains and benefits To laughter and contempt, that she may fe
e worse, And better us'd, would make her sainted spirit Again possess her corpse, and on this stage, Where we offend her now, appear soul-v
s more than likely that Porlock took his message from the old one. No doubt he would have told us so had his letter of explanation been written. Now let us see what page 534 has in store for us. Numb
dered traitorously. WARWICK. Father, the Duke hath told the truth; Thus got the house of Lancaster the crown. YORK. Which now they hold by force, and not by right; 
th not, and do arm myself To welcome the condition of the time, Which cannot look more hideously upon me Than I have drawn i
hese woods More free from peril than the envious court? Here feel we not the penalty of Adam, The seasons' d
ind out. I'll warrant we'll unkennel the fox. Let me stop this way first. [Locking the door] So, now uncape. PAGE.
d not do well to follow them when up the lane came a neat little landau, the coachman with his coat only 
ur demands, and that you will return the letters at the price I indicate, which is, I assure you, the highes
s royal battle! KING HENRY. Why, now thou hast unwish'd five thousand men; Which likes me better than to wish us o
pite of me. CLIFFORD. King Henry, be thy title right or wrong, Lord Clifford vows to fight in thy defence. May that ground gape, and swallow me alive, Where I shall kneel to him t
"So now, my dear fellow, you see exactly how we stand and why it is I want you. It is perfectly plain that after the ladies parted from this man he followed them at a distance
for you. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Made it for me, sir! I bespoke it not. ANGELO. Not once nor twice, but twe
r the world,' he cried with a gesture of horror. 'It is more painful to me than I can express. If I were to see my father in one of these dreadful seizures I am convinced that I should 
 Finally, just after I had been called in the morning, he rushed into my room. He was in his dressing-gown, but his pale, hollow-eyed face told me th
 no more desire a rose Than wish a snow in May's new-fangled shows; But like of each thing that in season grows; So you, to study now it is too late, Climb o'er the house 
SDEMONA. O good Iago, What shall I do to win my lord again? Good friend, go to him, for by this light of heaven, I know not how I lost him. Here I kneel
love you not. CHIEF JUSTICE. I am assur'd, if I be measur'd rightly, Your Majesty hath no just cause to hate me. K
th some little cost. But first I'll turn yon fellow in his grave, And then return lamenting to my love. Shine out, fair sun, till I have bought a glass, That I may see my
. I never gave him token. OTHELLO. By heaven, I saw my handkerchief in 's hand. O perjured woman! Thou dost stone my heart, And makest me call what I intend to do A murther, which I thought
 Lord St. Simon," said Holmes, rising and bowing. "Pray take the basket-chair. This is my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson. 
lain? When this advice is free I give and honest, Probal to thinking, and indeed the course To win th
eely. ARCHIDAMUS. Believe me, I speak as my understanding instructs me and as mine honesty puts it to utterance. CAMILLO. Sicilia cannot show himself 
d none had entered. We could but pray for patience and wait for the morrow. Sherlock Holmes was too irritable for conversation and too restless for
u to your trenches? Where is he? Call him hither. MARCIUS. Let him alone; He did inform the truth. But for our gentlemen, The common file- a plague! tribunes for them! The mouse ne'er shunn'd the ca
t sorrow; but another, To amplify too much, would make much more, And top extremity. Whilst I was big in clamour, came there a man, Who, having seen me in my worst estate, Shunn'd my abhorr'd socie
e of yonder glorious heaven, He shall not carry him; I'll be ta'en too, Or bring him off. Fate, hear me what I say: I reck not though thou e
ore. Hark, hark! I hear the minstrels play. [Music plays] Enter PETRUCHIO, KATHERINA, BIANCA, BAPTISTA, HORTENSIO
 Well, we'll see't. Come, madam wife, sit by my side and let the world slip;-we shall ne'er be younger. [They sit down] A flourish of trumpets announces the play <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF T
 choice of dauntless spirits Than now the English bottoms have waft o'er Did never float upon the swelling tide To do offence and scathe in Christendom. [Drum beats] The
th of noble Hotspur's sword, And that the King before the Douglas' rage Stoop'd his anointed head as low as death. This have I rumour'd through the p
 Holmes, with frenzied eagerness. All the demoniacal force of the man masked behind that listless manner burst out in a paroxysm of en
 find some--" "It's impossible," said the inspector. "I've made inquiry." "Tut, tut! My dear sir, please do what I ask you." "Well, go on." "--in the hope that 
eman with a game leg. I should become the laughing-stock of Scotland Yard." "All right," said Holmes quietly. "I have given you the chance
ld not do well to follow them when up the lane came a neat little landau, the coachman with his coat only half-buttoned, and his tie under his ear, while all the tags of his harne
 and showed us into a sitting-room on the right side of the hall, turning up the gas as she left us. "Mr. Peters will be with you in an instant," she said. Her words were literal
n grimly. "It was I who brought about the separation between Irene Adler and the late King of Bohemia when your cousin Heinrich w
erson could only have come in through the window. It seemed to me that a careful examination of the room
gn thy chair, and where I stand kneel thou, Whilst I propose the self-same words to the Which, traitor, thou wouldst have me answer to. QUEE
ghtly than usual. Half in my dreams I was dimly conscious that something was going on in the room, and gradually
 speak. IACHIMO. Upon a time- unhappy was the clock That struck the hour!- was in Rome- accurs'd The mansion where!- 
y, man? CLOWN. Why, sir, her name's a word; and to dally with that word might make my sister wanton. But indeed words are very rascals since bonds disgrac'd them. VIOLA. Thy 
 up thy sword betime; Or I'll so maul you and your toasting-iron That you shall think the devil is come from
 good lord. Gerard de Narbon was my father, In what he did profess, well found. KING. I knew him. HELENA. The rather will I spare my praises towa
would give it all to know what has become of Mr. Hosmer Angel." "Why did you come away to consult me in such a hurry?" asked Sh
 to Mr. Beddoes in Hampshire. He'll be as glad to see me as you were, I dare say." "'"You're not going away in any kind of spirit,
ould you describe with such confidence the wooden-legged man?" "Pshaw, my dear boy! it was simplicity itself. I don't wish to be theatrical. It is all patent and above-
"Among the many that mine eyes have seen, Not one whose flame my heart so much as warmed, Or my affection put to th' smallest teen, Or any of my leisures ever ch
. Now, perjur'd Henry, wilt thou kneel for grace And set thy diadem upon my head, Or bide the mortal fortune of th
the very picture of dejection. What all this meant I could not imagine, but I was deeply ashamed to have witnessed so intimate a scene without my friend's knowledge. I ran down the hill th
 perspiration from his forehead; "I would sooner see you in your grave, my girl, than the wife of either of them." "And so should I, father," she 
 RAMBURES. My Lord Constable, the armour that I saw in your tent to-night- are those stars or suns upo
r shall I speak at this? Jul. 'Tis but thy name that is my enemy. Thou art thyself, though not a Montague.
Uncle and nephew have been murdered--the one frightened to death by the very sight of a beast which he thought to be supernatural, the other driven to his end in his wild flight
 And makes me poor indeed. OTHELLO. By heaven, I'll know thy thoughts. IAGO. You cannot, if my heart wer
ave well becom'd this place and grac'd The thankings of a king. POSTHUMUS. I am, sir, The soldier that did company t
ort me. Witness this army of such mass and charge, Led by a delicate and tender prince, Whose spirit, with divine ambition puff'd, Makes mouths at the invisible ev
gland, Elizabeth! Flourish. Enter KING and guard CRANMER. [Kneeling] And to your royal Grace and the good Queen! My noble partners an
h was a usual signal between my father and myself. I then hurried forward, and found him standing by the pool. He appeared to be much surpr
of spites! We talk with goblins, owls, and sprites. If we obey them not, this will ensue: They'll suck our breath, or pinch us black and blue. LUCIANA. Why prat'st thou to thyself
ost talk in signs! When thy poor heart beats with outrageous beating, Thou canst not strike it thus to ma
ove, And to his image, which methought did promise Most venerable worth, did I devotion. FIRST OFFICER. What's that to us? The time goes by; away. ANTONIO. But, O, how vi
whose warp'd looks proclaim What store her heart is made on. Stop her there! Arms, arms! sword! fire! Corruption in the place! False justi
 lord. Kent. Vex not his ghost. O, let him pass! He hates him That would upon the rack of this tough world Stretch him out l
 What he will do with it Heaven knows, not I; I nothing but to please his fantasy. Re-enter Iago. IAGO. How now, what do you here alone? EMILIA. Do not you chide; I h
bastian was my brother too; So went he suited to his watery tomb; If spirits can assume both form and suit, You come t
er. Flourish] SOLDIER. [Reads] 'Edward the Fourth, by the grace of God, King of England and France, and Lord of Ireland, &c.' MONTGOMERY. And whoso'er
 was going to leave us. He walked into the dining-room as we sat after dinner, and announced his intention in the thick voice of a half-drunken man. "'"I've had enough of Norfolk," said he. 
at sea, having in that perished vessel the dowry of his sister. But mark how heavily this befell to the poor gent
 hear, Camillo? I conjure thee, by all the parts of man Which honour does acknowledge, whereof the least I
dson, the landlady of Sherlock Holmes, was a long-suffering woman. Not only was her first-floor flat invaded at all hours by throngs of sin
r society called the Scowrers. I guess you owe me either an apology or else an explanation, Mr. Shafter." "I can but tell you vat 
ty of seeing something of the stranger. There was a long pause which showed that he had stopped. Then once m
on, But that defences, musters, preparations, Should be maintain'd, assembled, and collected, As were a war in expectation. Therefore, I say, 'tis meet we all go forth To view the sick 
reat deal to his kindness. If I am able to support myself it is largely due to the interest which he took in my unhappy situation." "Did you correspond with him?" The lady look
aring a mask to showing his face. And here he comes, if I am not mistaken, to resolve all our doubts." As he spoke there w
for my heart to do it. GRUMIO. Knock at the gate? O heavens! Spake you not these words plain: 'Sirrah kn
 apple-johns before him, and told him there were five more Sir Johns; and, putting off his hat, said 'I will now take my leave of these six dry, round, old, withered knights.' I
was before. O spirit of love, how quick and fresh art thou! That, notwithstanding thy capacity Receiveth as the sea, nought enters there, Of what validity and pitch soe'e
ch enabled him to take a medical degree and went out to Calcutta, where, by his professional skill and hi
ch enabled him to take a medical degree and went out to Calcutta, where, by his professional skill and his force of character, he established a large practice. In a fit of anger, however, ca
 Mark Antony, Hearing that you prepar'd for war, acquainted My grieved ear withal; whereon I begg'd His pardon for retur
 two Dromios, one in semblance- Besides her urging of her wreck at sea- These are the parents to these children, Which accidentally are met together. Antipholus, thou cam'st from Corinth first? ANTIP
rrant your Grace, you shall not entreat him to a second, that have so mightily persuaded him from a first. ORLANDO. You mean to 
o mind-and mark but this for proof: Was not the Duke of Orleans thy foe? And was he not in England prisoner? But when
dies would bewray what life We have led since thy exile. Think with thyself How more unfortunate than all living women Are we come hither; sinc
s had kept his most sinister exhibit to the last. From under the sink he drew a zinc pail which contained a quantity
it is!" He quietly shot back a panel in the upper part of the door and glanced through. "He is asleep," said he. "You can see him very well." We both put our eyes to the grating. The prisoner
l sauce her with bitter words. Why look you so upon me? PHEBE. For no ill will I bear you. ROSALIND. I pray you do not fa
eam of something bright caught my eye, and, raising my hand, I found that it came from the silver cigarette-case which he used to c
'd for the Prodigal; he that came behind you, sir, like an evil angel, and bid you forsake your liberty. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. I unders
 appeared to die away, and he had renewed his former habits, when a fresh event reduced him to the pitiable state of prostration in which 
 154 The little Love-god lying once asleep, Laid by his side his heart-inflaming brand, Whilst many nymphs that vowed chaste life to keep, Came tripping by, but in her maide
nd occasionally do experiments. Would that annoy you?" "By no means." "Let me see--what are my other shortcomings. I get in the dumps at times, and don't open my mouth fo
they rested the body. Halloa, Watson! what is this? There can be no doubt that it is a blood mark." He was pointing to
rong To strive for that which resteth in my choice. I arn no breeching scholar in the schools, I'll not be tied to hours nor 'pointed times, But learn my lessons as I please myself. And to c
nd then we shall know all about it. Even the most insignificant problem would be welcome in these stagnant days." Things had indeed been very slow with us, and
s. "You--you insult me, Mr. Holmes." "Come, come, madam, it is useless. Give up the letter." She darted to the bell. "The butler shall show you out." "Do not ring, Lady Hilda. If yo
weet invocation of a child; most pretty, and pathetical! MOTH. If she be made of white and red, Her faults will ne'er be known; For blushing cheeks
 sight. THURIO. Since his exile she hath despis'd me most, Forsworn my company and rail'd at me, That I am desperate of obtaining her. DUKE. 
paragraph, and all wrong at that, so you have not missed anything. I haven't let the grass grow under my feet. It's down in Kent, seven miles from Chath
s good, being gone; The hand could pluck her back that shov'd her on. I must from this enchanting queen break off. Ten thousand harms, more than the ills I
thy love to Theseus? Didst not thou lead him through the glimmering night From Perigouna, whom he ravished? And make him with fair Aegles b
s my son profits nothing in the world at his book; I pray you ask him some questions in his accidence. EVANS. Come hither, William; hold up your head; come. 
 heavy, dark brows knotted together, and his long, nervous fingers tapping upon the arms of his chair, as he turned over in his mind every possible solution of the mystery. Several tim
f Jonathan Small. Let us look at it from his point of view. He comes to England with the double idea of regaining what he would consider to be his rights and of having
 a skeleton. As he stood, he leaned upon his weapon for support, and yet his tall figure and the massive framework
 will waste their time upon our note, To know from whence we are. BELARIUS. O, I am known Of many in the army. Many years, Though Cloten then but young, you see, not wore him From my re
an who had been seen by some children on the Chatham Road the previous morning. As to my friend, all his usual energy se
ton chuckled. "You evidently do not know the Earl," said he. From the baffled look upon Holmes's face I could see clearly that he did. "What harm is there in the letters?" he aske
body is carried away. The Poisoner wooes the Queen with gifts; she seems harsh and unwilling awhile, but in the end accep
the fearlessness with which he reentered the building to save property, after the local fire brigade had given it up as i
ntage of a promis'd glory As smiles upon the forehead of this action For the wide world's revenue. HECTOR. I am yours, You
s Harry. Now in London place him- As yet the lamentation of the French Invites the King of England's stay at home; The Emperor's coming in behalf of France To order p
d, nor know how she should be worthy, is the opinion that fire cannot melt out of me. I will die in it at the stake. Pedro. Thou wast ever an obst
e three possible courses. He might claim the property from South America, establish his identity before the British authorities there and so obtain the fortune without ever coming to England at all;
spector led us round it until we came to the side gate, which is separated by a stretch of garden from the 
 between themselves. A few minutes later the train ran into the ill-lit station, and there was a general clearing; for Vermi
ward's friends must down. But to prevent the tyrant's violence- For trust not him that hath once broken faith- I'll hence forthwith unto the sa
 for my visitation shall I Hold up before him? CAMILLO. Sent by the King your father To greet him and to give him comforts
 to his ears in countless repetitions. Again he shouted, even louder than before, and again no whisper came back from the friends whom he had left such
 sorry for't. DUKE. [To Othello.] What in your own part can you say to this? BRABANTIO. Nothing, but this is so. OTHELLO. Most potent, grave, and 
of other means, in desperate manner Daring th' event to th' teeth, are all in uproar, And danger serves among them. KING. Taxation! Wherein
TION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE I. Rome. TITUS' garden Enter YOUNG LUCIUS and LAVINIA running after him, and the boy fli
rchief Did an Egyptian to my mother give; She was a charmer, and could almost read The thoughts of people. She told her, while she kept it, 'Twould make her amiable and subdue my fathe
 they could lay their hands upon. That is all clear enough, but there was much that was still obscure. What I wanted above all was to get the mis
of mine age Should have been cherish'd by her childlike duty, I now am full resolv'd to take a wife And turn her out to 
a wise and valiant Roman; I never thought him worse. Tell him, so please him come unto this place, He shall be satisfied and, by my honor, Depart untouch'd. SERVANT. I'll fetch hi
North." "And the first?" Holmes folded up his cheque and placed it carefully in his note-book. "I am a poor man," sai
f beauty. Claud. And never could maintain his part but in the force of his will. Bene. That a woman conceived me, I thank her; that she brought me up, I likewise 
ur life!" cried the miner, standing still in alarm, and gazing in amazement at his companion. "Man, you won't live long i
eat'ning twigs of birch, Only to stick it in their children's sight For terror, not to use, in time the rod Becomes more mock'd than fear'd; so our decrees, Dead to infliction, to themselves are
s more like a ghost than a woman. Are you off, then?" "Yes, I am off," said Jefferson Hope, who had risen from his seat.
let me lament, With tears as sovereign as the blood of hearts, That thou, my brother, my competitor In top of all design, my mate in empire, Friend and companion in the fron
ny signs which could give us a clue as to the criminal or lunatic who had done the mischief. Now, Mr. Hol
emarkable. "'The governor is dying,' were the first words he said. "'Impossible!' I cried. 'What is the matter?' "'Apoplexy. Nervous shock, He's been on the verge all day.
, throwing a brilliant beam of light upon the iron safe, the door of which was ajar. Beside this table, on t
man whom we were watching caught sight of the number on our door, and ran rapidly across the roadway. We heard a loud knock, a
h idleness or manured with industry, why, the power and corrigible authority of this lies in our wills. If the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensual
? O you leaden messengers, That ride upon the violent speed of fire, Fly with false aim; move the still-piecing air, 
r traces of Mr. Neville St. Clair. Out of the window he must apparently have gone for no other exit could be discovered, and the ominous bloodstains upon the sill gave little promi
m heaven banish'd as from hence! But what thou art, God, thou, and I, do know; And all too soon, I fear, the King sha
now it not. 93 So shall I live, supposing thou art true, Like a deceived husband, so love's face, May still seem love to me, though al
 trifle cavalier to me. I am inclined now to have a little amusement at his expense. Say nothing to him about the horse." "Certainly not without your permission." "And of course this is all quite
hould like to have a quiet hour by myself to make up my mind. Now, look here, Mr. Holmes, it's half-past eleven now and I am going back right away to my hotel. Suppose you and your friend, Dr.
tle sketch of this remarkable episode. It was a few weeks before my own marriage, during the days when I was still sharing rooms with Holmes i
is back turned at that table. When he had written it he said, 'All right, porter, I will take this myself.'" "What did he write it with?" "A pen, sir." "Was 
tes of hearing it--we shall be better able to judge. But, even as it stands, we have surely gone a long way. We know that an American calling himself Hargrave came to Tunbridge Wells two d
r than myself! Thou teachest me, O valiant Eros, what I should, and thou couldst not. My queen and Eros Have, by t
UTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT I. SCENE I. London. An ante-chamber in the KING'S palace Enter the ARCHBISHOP OF CAN
UTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> PROLOGUE Enter Chorus. Chor. Now old desire doth in his deathbed lie, 
d sense warned her of what would come from a marriage with a man who was regarded as a criminal. One 
 Helena! Whither away? HELENA. Call you me fair? That fair again unsay. Demetrius loves your fair. O happy fair! Your eyes are lode-stars
otorious pirate, A man of Claudio's years; his beard and head Just of his colour. What if we do omit This reprobate 
 as we learn. From Tamworth thither is but one day's march. In God's name cheerly on, courageous friends, To reap the harvest of perpetual peace By this one bloody trial of sharp war. OXFORD. Every m
annot move a soul in agony. ROSALINE. Why, that's the way to choke a gibing spirit, Whose influence is begot of that loose grace Which shallow laughing hearers give to fools. A jest's 
and sent it by a trusty servant who, under the guise of a merchant, should take it to the fort at Agra, there to lie until the land is at peace. Thus, if the rebel
 who is he?" "I'll tell you, Watson. He is the king of all the blackmailers. Heaven help the man, and still more the woman, whose secret and reputation come into the power of Milverton. With a 
reat him by no means to stay. Glou. Alack, the night comes on, and the bleak winds Do sorely ruffle. For many miles about There's scarce a bush. Reg. O, sir, to wilful men The
! BANQUO. As far, my lord, as will fill up the time 'Twixt this and supper. Go not my horse the better, 
rk Gloria Scott, bound for Australia. "'It was the year '55 when the Crimean war was at its height, and the old convict ships had been largely used as trans
er of this time, I cannot promise But that you shall sustain moe new disgraces With these you bear already
 Let proof speak. CLOTEN. His majesty bids you welcome. Make pastime with us a day or two, or longer. If you seek us afterwards in o
 unless your Highness hear me. KING EDWARD. Then say at once what is it thou requests. DERBY. The forfeit, sovereign, of my servant's life; Who slew to-day a riotou
ring Senate Pours into captains' wounds? Banishment! It comes not ill; I hate not to be banish'd; It is a cause worthy my spleen and fury, That I may strike at Athens. I
clerk," said I. "I have every hope that the company may accommodate you. I will let you know about it as soon as we come to any conclusion. And no
 you a paper that I should not. This is the letter to your ladyship. SILVIA. I pray thee let me look on 
I should certainly get into serious trouble." "You need not be uneasy. He will not try to escape." "How do you know?" 
as you were. CASSIO. Bounteous madam, Whatever shall become of Michael Cassio, He's never anything but your true serva
ot been lost upon him. "We will be at Vauxhall Bridge presently," said Jones, "and shall land you, Dr. Watson, with the treasure-box. I need hardly tell you that I am taking 
se forswearing, and for murder too; Thou didst receive the sacrament to fight In quarrel of the house of Lancaster. FIRST MURDERER. And like a traitor to the name of God Didst 
he was shocked or even excited by the amazing announcement. Without having a tinge of cruelty in his sin
 hundred crimes in the background, but it is only on this one that they can be tried." "Come, come," said Baynes cheerily, "I think better of
l try what these dastard Frenchmen dare. Alarum. Exeunt SCENE 5. Before Orleans Here an alarum again, and TALBOT pursueth the DAUPHIN and driveth
al agent in Europe. All day as I drove upon my round I turned over the case in my mind, and found no explanation which appeared to me to be adequate. At the risk of telling 
 night. He will find it as sure a precursor of his fate as Openshaw did before him." "And who is this Captain Calhoun?" "The leader of the g
 was a quarter-past ten when I moved to go. I left them all round the table, as merry as could be." "Who let you out?" "Mrs. Porter had gone to bed, so I let myself out. I shut the hall door
pon a wrong track, for I felt light-hearted and cheerful. I remembered a German being found in New York with RACHE written up above him, and it was argued at the time in the
us, that you'll marry her If she refuse me; and from hence I go, To make these doubts all even. Exeunt ROSALIND and CELIA DUKE SENIOR. I do remember in this shepherd bo
ll is uneven, And everything is left at six and seven. Exeunt YORK and QUEEN BUSHY. The wind sits fair for news to go to Ireland. But none returns. For us to levy power Proportionable to the 
ugh. "Hunter waited until his fellow-grooms had returned, when he sent a message to the trainer and told him what had 
nown himself. Gon. The best and soundest of his time hath been but rash; then must we look to receive from his age, not 
t, thy promise pass'd. I do repent me; read not my name there; My heart is not confederate with my hand. YORK. It was, villain, e
eginning of an assault. If our door were in the hands of the Sepoys the place must fall, and the women and children be treat
 five years at a boarding-school, what does the idiot do but get into the clutches of a barmaid in Bristol and marry
 possess'd Of those effects for which I did the murther- My crown, mine own ambition, and my queen. May one be pardon'd and retain th' offence? In the corrupted cur
he words of your commission Will tie you to the numbers and the time Of their dispatch. TRIBUNE. We will discharge our du
ese your customers? Did this companion with the saffron face Revel and feast it at my house to-day, Whilst upon me the guilty door
on-gray hair, great bunched black eyebrows, the step of a deer and the air of an emperor--a fierce, masterful man, with 
tude for him who had removed its owner from the world. If ever human features bespoke vice of the most malignant type, they were cer
Fellows, hold the chair. Upon these eyes of thine I'll set my foot. Glou. He that will think to live till he be old, Give me some help!- O cruel! O ye gods! Reg. One 
n these parts. It took a man to get between you and the poor devils of men and women that you held under your grip. There was just
h three of the beryls in it, was missing. "'You blackguard!' I shouted, beside myself with rage. 'You have destroyed
aves tedious snares to trap mine enemies. Well, nobles, well, 'tis politicly done To send me packing with an host of men. I fear me you but warm the starved snake, Who, 
nds." "John Clay, the murderer, thief, smasher, and forger. He's a young man, Mr. Merryweather, but he is at 
y brow, renowned Salisbury, And with a great heart heave away this storm; Commend these waters to tho
and so I take my leave. OXFORD. [Kissing the KING'S band] And thus I seal my truth and bid adieu. KING 
m, Watson?" asked Holmes. I stooped over him and examined him. His pulse was feeble and intermittent, bu
estruction, Chester Wilcox had moved himself and his family only the day before to some safer and less known quarters, where a guard of police should watch over them. It was
To Adriana, villain, hie thee straight; Give her this key, and tell her in the desk That's cover'd o'er with Turkish tapestry There is a purse of ducats; let he
ker hollows, and a cold sweat glimmered upon his brow. He still retained, however, the jaunty gallantry of his speech. To the last 
from France; And wants not buzzers to infect his ear Feeds on his wonder, keep, himself in clouds, With pestilent speeches of his father's death, Wherein necessity, of matter beggar'd, Will nothing 
ing, and was, above all else, remarkable for his extraordinary height. I don't think any of our heads would have come up to his shoulder
r seemed to bristle up with the intensity of his emotion. In his hand he held a pistol, but he thrust it into his pocket as we advanced. "
ollar. His complexion was as swarthy as that of an Italian, and his eyes were of a strange dead black, which, c
e. I could not catch what Stangerson said to that, but the other burst out swearing, and reminded him that he was no
re it goes! God give his lordship joy! Enter the CLOWN, with a basket and two pigeons in it News, news from heaven! Marcus, the post is come. Sirrah, what tidings? Have you any letters
 given up of late?" "They were all bought by the West Gilmerton General Mining Company." "I don't see, Brother Morris," said the chairman, "that it matters to us who buys
ater, looking up, I saw a man's head against the darkening sky, and another stone struck the very ledge upon which I was stret
s moved!" I cried. It was, indeed, no longer the profile, but the back, which was turned towards us. Three years had certainly not smoothed
stward, and heavy clouds moved slowly across the sky, with half a moon peeping occasionally through the rifts. It was 
ed note-paper which had been lying open upon the table. "It came by the last post," said he. "Read it
m to step down into yours." An instant later the tutor returned, bringing with him the student. He was a fine figure of a man, tall, lithe, and agile, with
rers? TIMON. Women nearest; but men, men are the things themselves. What wouldst thou do with the world, Apemantus, if it lay in thy power? APEMANTUS. Give it the beasts, to be rid of the
e in due form. "I assure you that everything was perfectly normal and there was no room for foul play in the matter," sai
s torch; he goes to Calchas' tent; I'll keep you company. TROILUS. Sweet sir, you honour me. HECTOR. And so, good night. Exit D
onest men! Why, how shall I requite you? Can you eat roots, and drink cold water- No? BOTH. What we can do, we'll do, to do you service. 
threefold death. This speak I, lords, to let you understand, If case some one of you would fly from us, That there's no hop'd-for mercy with the brothers More than with
ain-wave! Had the volume been an unusual one, he would have sent it to me. Instead of that, he had intended, before his plans
much forsworn; And ev'n that pow'r which gave me first my oath Provokes me to this threefold perjury: Love bade me swear, and
I have o'erheard a plot of death upon him. There is a litter ready; lay him in't And drive towards Dover, friend, where thou shalt meet Both welcome and 
ear? RODERIGO. I am changed; I'll go sell all my land. Exit. IAGO. Thus do I ever make my fool my purse; For I mine own gain'd knowledge should p
HING by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae Don Pedro, Prince of Arragon. Don John, his bastard brother. Claudio, a young lord of 
it but time lost to hear such a foolish song. God buy you; and God mend your voices. Come, Audrey. Exeunt SCENE IV. T
tion. SOMERSET. York lies; he might have sent and had the horse. I owe him little duty and less love, And take foul scorn to fawn on him by sending. LUCY. The fraud of England
 up to the roots of his flaming head. "If you can do nothing better than laugh at me, I can go elsewhere." "No, no," cried
 him down with no more compunction than if he had been some foul and venomous beast. His cry brought back his son; but I had gained the cover of the wood, though I was
 Welcome from Mantua. What says Romeo? Or, if his mind be writ, give me his letter. John. Going to find a barefoot brother out, One of our order, to associ
ter, for His fortunes all lie speechless, and his name Is at last gasp. Return he cannot, nor Continue where he is. To shift his being Is
e own excuse Hath he excepted most against my love. O, how this spring of love resembleth The uncertain glory of an April day, Which now shows all the 
 will ourself in person to this war; And, for our coffers, with too great a court And liberal largess, are grown somewhat light, We are enforc'd to farm our royal realm; The revenue whereof sh
e an unquiet house. SHYLOCK. [Aside] These be the Christian husbands! I have a daughter- Would any of the stock of Barrabas H
 Blanco, one sees a pathway traced out across the desert, which winds away and is lost in the extreme distance. It 
d informations Against this man-whose honesty the devil And his disciples only envy at- Ye blew the fire that burns ye. Now have at ye! 
t a world to hide virtues in? I did think, by the excellent constitution of thy leg, it was form'd under the star of a g
t. FIRST LORD. We'll make you some sport with the fox ere we case him. He was first smok'd by the old Lord Lafeu. When his disguise and he is parted, 
e top with her superb figure outlined against the lights of the hall, looking back into the street. "Is the poor gentleman much hurt?" she asked. "He is dead," cried several voices. "No, 
irited a creature would have certainly roused the soundest of sleepers when it felt the prick of the knife. It was absolutely necessary to 
od, like sacrificing Abel's, cries, Even from the tongueless caverns of the earth, To me for justice and rough chastisement; And, by the glorious worth of my descent, This ar
ssengers! ANTONY. Let Rome in Tiber melt, and the wide arch Of the rang'd empire fall! Here is my space. Kingdoms are clay; our dungy earth alike Feeds beast as man. The noblenes
 "What brought all his wicked scheme to wreck was your discovery of this man Heidegger's dead body. James was seiz
es in an encouraging voice. "Really, Gregson, you are getting along. We shall make something of you yet." "I flatter myself that I have managed it rather neatly," the detective ans
 and ere long I doubt. Exeunt LORDS KING JOHN. They burn in indignation. I repent. There is no sure foundation set on blood, No ce
e objection might be fatal, but we must stretch a point in favour of a man with such a head of hair as yours. When shall you be able to enter upon your 
er fully in those sciences, Whereof I know she is not ignorant. Accept of him, or else you do me wrong- His name is Licio, born in Man
him, for I have always been like a madman when my temper gets loose. Mary saw the devil's light in my eyes, and she ran forward with he
 I kiss thy neaf. What! we have seen the seven stars. DOLL. For God's sake thrust him down stairs; I cannot endure such a fustian rascal. PISTOL. Th
ft this house." "Mr. Holmes!" "If it had it would certainly have been public by now." "But why should anyone take it in order to k
for we'll Hear nought from Rome in private. Your request? VOLUMNIA. Should we be silent and not speak, our raiment And state of bodies would bewray what life We have led since th
en last we spake together. PERCY. Because your lordship was proclaimed traitor. But he, my lord, is gone to Ravenspurgh, To offer service to the Duke of Hereford; And sent me
smell of calumny. I have begun, And now I give my sensual race the rein: Fit thy consent to my sharp appetite; Lay by all
th, as rheumatic as two dry toasts; you cannot one bear with another's confirmities. What the good-year! one must bear, and that mus
hich are not his own, that brings it away from the doctor and on to the policeman." Holmes sat up again. "Burglary! This is more interesting. Let me hear the
 Square presented as great a contrast to it as the front of a picture does to the back. It was one o
affordeth? OTHELLO. I do beseech you, Send for the lady to the Sagittary, And let her speak of me before her father. If you do find
ced, Casca, as you see, Have bared my bosom to the thunderstone; And when the cross blue lightning seem'd
the tent! Come, noble gentlemen, Let us survey the vantage of the ground. Call for some men of sound direction. Let's lack no discipline,
ing business with an alias." A flush sprang to the white cheeks of the stranger. "Well then," said he, "my real name is James Ryder." "Precisely so. Head attendant at
. Worthily spoken, Maecenas. ENOBARBUS. Or, if you borrow one another's love for the instant, you may, when you hear no more words of Pompey, return it 
of any assistance to our new neighbors. Why do you look at me like that, Jack? You are not angry with me?' "'So,' said I, 'this is where you went duri
arefully, but found no outline of any footmark." "Had it been raining all evening?" "Since about seven." "How is it, then, that the 
g which struck the quarters, and I thought more than once that it had stopped. At last however about two in th
f I did but stir out of my bed, Ready they were to shoot me to the heart. Enter the BOY with a linstock SALISBU
t I am right. But I'll have a sovereign on with you, just to teach you not to be obstinate." The salesman chuckled grimly. "Bring me the bo
f France? Yond island carrions, desperate of their bones, Ill-favouredly become the morning field; Their ragged curtai
ly not before that time. At a quarter to eleven they had all gone to their rooms with the exception of Ames, who was in the pantry. I have been trying some experiments after you left us thi
to all sense 'tis gross You love my son; invention is asham'd, Against the proclamation of thy passion, To say thou dost not. Therefore tell me t
any features of interest. It is possible, however, that I may have something better before very many minutes are over, for this is one of my clients, or I am much mistaken." He 
 I have ever seen--with a great, misshapen head and a shock of tangled, dishevelled hair. Holmes had already drawn his revolver, and I whipped out mine at the sight of this savage, distorted 
 him, Watson?" asked Holmes. I stooped over him and examined him. His pulse was feeble and intermittent, but 
 of those of an ordinary man. "Holmes," I said, in a whisper, "a child has done the horrid thing." He had recovered his self-possession in an instant. "I was stagge
ay if th' importance were joy or sorrow- but in the extremity of the one it must needs be. Enter another GENTLEMAN Here 
S. There's a strong fellow, Menas. [Pointing to the servant who carries off LEPIDUS] MENAS. Why? ENOBARBUS. 'A bears the third part of t
to turn back an hour in a day? Re-enter LUCIANA with a purse ADRIANA. Go, Dromio, there's the money; bear it straight, And bring thy master home immediately. Come, sister; I am press'd down with
nstructive a case. Your powers, if I may say so without offence, seem superior to your opportunities." Inspector Baynes's small eyes twinkled with pleasure. "You're right, Mr. Holmes. We stagnate in
ou and Pistol beat amongst you. DOLL. I'll tell you what, you thin man in a censer, I will have you as soundly swing'd for this- you b
s your company for speedy counsel. WARWICK. Why, then it sorts; brave warriors, let's away. Exeunt SCENE II. Before York Flourish. Enter KING HENRY, QUEEN MARGARET, the PRINCE OF W
tulate you upon it. Detection is, or ought to be, an exact science, and should be treated in the same cold and unemotional 
would the lightning had Burnt up those logs that you are enjoin'd to pile. Pray, set it down and rest you; when this burns, 'Twill weep for having wear
ave stopp'd; But I had not so much of man in me, And all my mother came into mine eyes And gave me up to tears. KING HENRY. I blame you not; For, hearing this, I must perforce compound 
combine The blood of malice in a vein of league, And not to spend it so unneighbourly! LEWIS. A noble temper dost thou show in this; And great affections wrest
 Ham. Ay, so, God b' wi' ye! [Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Now I am alone. O what a rogue and peasant slave am I! Is it not monstrou
r. KING HENRY. Thus stands my state, 'twixt Cade and York distress'd; Like to a ship that, having scap'd a tempest, Is straightway calm'd, and boarded with a pirate; But n
at extremely, And something spoke in choler, ill and hasty; But he fell to himself again, and sweetly In all the rest show'd a most noble patience. SECOND GENT
ng, still my care hath been To have her match'd; and having now provided A gentleman of princely parentage, Of fair demesnes, youthful, and nobly train'd, St
 inexplicable part of it. The message was absurd and trivial. Ah, my God, it is as I feared!' "As he spoke we came round the curve of the avenue, and saw in the fading light t
rcules Could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none; Yet I not doing this, the fool had borne My head as I do his. BELARIUS. What hast thou do
been slept in, and his things were all just as I had seen them the night before. He had gone off at a moment's notice with this stra
Jones in his consequential way. "Our friend here is a wonderful man for starting a chase. All he wants is an old dog to help him to do the running down." "I hope a wild goose 
stacles: it made me once restore a purse of gold that-by chance I found. It beggars any man that keeps it. It is turn'd o
love of justice. Take it! You will deliver it at the Russian Embassy. Now I have done my duty, and--" "Stop her!" cried Holmes. He had bounded across the room a
Leak'd is our bark; And we, poor mates, stand on the dying deck, Hearing the surges threat. We must all part 
een found was only a few hundred yards away. For the first time our eyes rested upon this presentment of the great Emperor, which seemed to raise suc
 rose, motioning us to remain seated. The gas in the hall was a mere point of light. He opened the outer door, and then as a dark figure slipped past him he closed and 
 of arousing him, so I gathered some gravel from the pile which you have mentioned, and I used it to throw up to his window. He came down and admitted me through the w
iew'd in open as his queen, Going to chapel; and the voice is now Only about her coronation. WOLSEY. There was the weight that pull'd me d
ere not miners. I don't know what they were, and was very glad to see their backs." "That was six years ago?" "Nearer sev
iedst, a most rare boy, of melancholy. How found you him? ARVIRAGUS. Stark, as you see; Thus smiling, as some fly had tickled slumber, Not as death's dart, being laugh'd at; his rig
COMPLETE SHERLOCK HOLMES Arthur Conan Doyle Table of contents A Study In Scarlet The Sign of the Four The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes A Scandal in Bohemia The Red-Headed League A Case of Ident
?" "My dear fellow, he will guard it as the apple of his eye. He knows that his only hope of mercy is to produce it safe." "Colonel Ross did not impress me as a man who would be
 fled to her. If she have time to breathe, be well assur'd Her faction will be full as strong as ours. KING 
 he partly begs To be desir'd to give. It much would please him That of his fortunes you should make a staff To lean upon. But it w
ar Crewe. Dr. Roylott then abandoned his attempts to establish himself in practice in London and took us to l
n the boy's correction. Exit SCENE II. Milan. The DUKE'S palace Enter DUKE and THURIO DUKE. Sir Thurio, fear not but that she will love you Now Valentine is banish'd from h
the intent of bearing them is just. Enter another Messenger. Mess. My lord, prepare. The King comes on apace. Hot. I thank him that
 We were seated at breakfast one morning, my wife and I, when the maid brought in a telegram. It was from Sherlock Holmes and ran in this way: "Have you a couple of days to s
ere lives not three good men unhang'd in England; and one of them is fat, and grows old. God help the while! A bad wor
mary compliment, when he, Wafting his eyes to th' contrary and falling A lip of much contempt, speeds from me; So leaves me to consider what is breeding That changes thus hi
'd my affection, So far forth as herself might be her chooser, Even to my wish. I have a letter from her Of such contents as you w
r the room. It was enough to drive a woman out of her wits, tied there, and her very dress spotted with him; but she never wanted courage, did Mi
e deceived me. How melancholies I am! I will knog his urinals about his knave's costard when I have goot opportunities for the ork. Pless my soul! [Sings] To shallow rivers, t
heard in madness. ISABELLA. O gracious Duke, Harp not on that; nor do not banish reason For inequality; but let your rea
ings had been savage here, And therefore put I on the countenance Of stern commandment. But whate'er you are That in this desert inaccessible, Under the shade of melancholy boughs, Lose and neglect 
 It doth contain a king; King Richard lies Within the limits of yon lime and stone; And with him are the Lord Aumerle, Lor
t?" "No." "Thank you. I should like to think over the matter a little now. If the cottage is now permanently deser
ch like dumb mouths do ope their ruby lips To beg the voice and utterance of my tongue) A curse shall light upon the limbs of men; Domestic fury and fierce
eat ones That ebb and flow by th' moon. Edm. Take them away. Lear. Upon such sacrifices, my Cordelia, The gods themselves throw i
l as I was. I determined to wait until I got back to town before telling my story to the police. It was a little past six when I arrived, so I went first to have my wound dressed, and
 of disguises, I had to look three times before I was certain that it was indeed he. With a nod he vanished into the bedroom, whence he emerged in five minutes tweed-suited and respectable, as
r tragedy occurred?" "About a mile inland." "Then we shall walk over together. But before we start I must ask you a few questions, Mr. Mortimer
reatest is behind. [To Ross and Angus] Thanks for your pains. [Aside to Banquo] Do you not hope your
n protect our sovereign, He being of age to govern of himself? Cousin of Somerset, join you with me, And all tog
r so before had been half of a batch of six, the other three being sent to Harding Brothers, of Kensington. There was no reason why those six 
ind a large sum of money in his pocket." "It seems to me perfectly clear," said Lestrade. "I have no doubt at all as to what occurred. He took the papers to sell them. He saw the age
ghts In any breast of strong authority To look into the blots and stains of right. That judge hath made me guardian to this boy, Under whose warrant I impeach 
e hour mentioned he had evidently a powerful reply to any accusation. Here was this irreproachable Englishman ready to 
ploy'd. What would you have me do? I am a subject, And I challenge law-attorneys are denied me; And therefore personally I lay my claim To my inheritance 
thers would ambitiously receive it. Farewell, good King; when I am dead and gone, May honourable peace attend thy throne! Exit QUEEN. Why, now is Henry King, and Margaret Queen, And Humphrey
, He would have well becom'd this place and grac'd The thankings of a king. POSTHUMUS. I am, sir, The soldier that did company these three In poor beseeming; 'twas a fitment for 
ue. This mis-shapen knave- His mother was a witch, and one so strong That could control the moon, make flows and ebbs, And deal in her command without her power. These three have robb'd me
want to see. Where is Miss Violet Smith?" he said, in his quick, clear way. "That's what I am asking you. You're in her 
 ticket would have shown which station was nearest the agent's house. Therefore he took it from the murdered man's pocket." "Good, Lestrade, very good," said Holmes. "Your theory
ed, he may be more wond'red at By breaking through the foul and ugly mists Of vapours that did seem to strangle him. If all the year were
d in a whisper. "Deep." "A penitentiary job?" "And the rest." "Not a killing!" "It's early days to talk of such things," said McMurdo with the air of a man who had been s
gular features than that which was associated with the well-known Surrey family of the Roylotts of Stoke Moran. The events in quest
ave ta'en away this old man's daughter, It is most true; true, I have married her; The very head and f
and simple, so that in less than the time stated I was in a cab with my valise, rattling away to Paddington Station. Sherlock Holmes was pacing up and dow
, and out of haunt This mad young man. But so much was our love We would not understand what was most fit, But, like the owner of a foul disease, To keep it from divulging, let i
 perturbed expression upon his aristocratic features. "My messenger reached you, then?" asked Holmes. "Yes, and I confess that the contents startled me beyond measure. Have you good authority
op'd I to find out them; had my desire, Finger'd their packet, and in fine withdrew To mine own room again; making so bold (My fears forgetting manners) to unseal Their grand commi
ck, So fare my limbs with long imprisonment; And these grey locks, the pursuivants of death, Nestor-like aged in an age of care, Argue the end of Edmund Mortimer. These eyes, like lamp
that we might drive to him now, Sherlock, and learn these particulars?" "My dear Mycroft, the brother's life is more valuable than the sister's story. I think we should call at Scot
ver, when his quick ears caught the sounds of a distant car. Instantly he gave an exclamation of satisfaction, strap
ck the falcon's piercing talons; So desperate thieves, all hopeless of their lives, Breathe out invectives 'ga
 inquisition, Concluding 'Stay; not yet.' PROSPERO. The hour's now come; The very minute bids thee ope thine ear. O
the commanders very poor rogues, upon my reputation and credit, and as I hope to live. FIRST SOLDIER. Shall I set down your answer so? PAROLLES. Do; I'll take the 
A nursery to our gentry, who are sick For breathing and exploit. KING. What's he comes here? Enter BERTRAM, LAFEU, and PAROLLES FIRST LORD. It is the Count Rousillon, 
reated a local hero. McMurdo's deeds in far Chicago had been whispered before. He had put off all que
ndly defiant, a queenly figure, her eyes fixed upon his as if she would read his very soul. Her hand was on the bell, but she h
le, Famous in Caesar's praises no whit less Than in his feats deserving it, for him And his succession granted Rome a tribute, Yearly three thousand pounds, w
el! Injurious world! Most damned Angelo! DUKE. This nor hurts him nor profits you a jot; Forbear it, therefore; give your cause to heaven. Mark what I say, which you shall find By e
gaining a complete ascendancy over that of Italy in the Mediterranean. The questions treated in it were purely naval. At the e
here can be no question that this was snatched from the face or the person of the assassin." Sherlock Holmes took the glasses into his hand and examined 
nger which threatens you. The second is to clear up the mystery and to punish the guilty parties." "I thank you," said the young man, rising and pullin
son. That blocks this end. We have now to deal with the other. There is an inn here, the Red Bull, th
d, But am in that dimension grossly clad Which from the womb I did participate. Were you a woman, as the rest goes even, I should my tea
 find their deaths, if York can prophesy. SALISBURY. My lord, break we off; we know your mind at full. WARWICK. My heart assures me that the Earl of Warwick S
 more touch'd than all Priam's sons; And Jove forbid there should be done amongst us Such things as might offend the weakest spleen To fig
y on decayed men, and give them suits of durance; he that sets up his rest to do more exploits with his mace than a morris-pike. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. What, thou mean's
thing neck shot upward and a dreadful cry echoed over the moor. It turned me cold with horror, but my companion's nerves seemed to be stronger than mine. "It's gone!" said he. "The mire has
w that I am right. But I'll have a sovereign on with you, just to teach you not to be obstinate." The salesman chuckled grimly. "Bring me the books, Bill," sai
 station. We had hardly time to take our place behind a pile of luggage when it passed with a rattle and a 
est he That stops my way in Padua. Grumio, Draw forth thy weapon; we are beset with thieves; Rescue thy mistress, if thou be a man. Fear not, sw
 Haste there before us. I constantly believe- Or rather call my thought a certain knowledge- My brother Troilus lodge
they say. There be hacks. CRESSIDA. Be those with swords? PANDARUS. Swords! anything, he cares not; an the devil come to
PEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MA
f falsehood, If ever she leave Troilus! Time, force, and death, Do to this body what extremes you can, But the strong base and building of my love Is as the very centre of the eart
ou avis'd o' that? You shall find it a great charge; and to be up early and down late; but notwithstanding-to tell you in your ear, I would have no words of it-my master hims
y, hardly," he answered, leaning back luxuriously in his armchair, and sending up thick blue wreaths from his pipe. "For example, observation shows me that you have been to the Wigmore Street Pos
th holp to effect your ensuing marriage--surely suit ill spent and labour ill bestowed! Pedro. Why, what's the matter? John. I came hither to tell you, and, circumstances short'ned (for she has
when first I hallowed thy fair name. So that eternal love in love's fresh case, Weighs not the dust an
ELLE. Once I encount'red him, and thus I said: 'Thou maiden youth, be vanquish'd by a maid.' But with a proud majestical high scorn He answe
the wrong man to make him believe that our eyes were off him. I knew he would be likely to clear off then and give us a chance of getting at Miss Burnet." Holmes laid his hand upon the inspe
rth five thousand of you all. FIRST GENTLEMAN. Who's that, I pray thee? MRS. OVERDONE. Marry, sir, that's Claudio, Signio
 murdered man, whose gaunt and deep-lined face, with the furtive look of terror in the depths of her r
ful to thee shall be my study; and my profit therein the heaping friendships. Of that fatal country Sicilia, prithee, speak no more; whose very naming punishes me with the r
 I halted on my way home, and met with courtesy from the representative. No, I could not have Charlington Hall for the summer. I was j
 should like to discuss with you." He had thrown off the seedy frock-coat, and now he was the Holmes of old in the mouse-coloured dressing-gown wh
ound it convenient to change their name to Stapleton, and he brought the remains of his fortune, his schemes for the future, and
, How swift his ship. IMOGEN. Thou shouldst have made him As little as a crow, or less, ere left To after-eye him. PISANIO. Ma
th her, and she So good a lady that no tongue could ever Pronounce dishonour of her-by my life, She never knew harm-doing-O, now, after So many course
ns be disclos'd, And in the morn and liquid dew of youth Contagious blastments are most imminent. Be wary then; best safety lies in fear. Youth to itself rebels, though none else near. Oph. I sh
ity. BASSIANUS. Romans, friends, followers, favourers of my right, If ever Bassianus, Caesar's son, Were gracious in the eyes of royal Rome, Keep 
tch them. BRUTUS. You speak o' th' people As if you were a god, to punish; not A man of their infirmity. SICINIUS. 'Twere well We let the 
SPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTR
CHIO PETRUCHIO. Thus have I politicly begun my reign, And 'tis my hope to end successfully. My falcon now is sharp and passing empty. And till she stoop she must not be full-gorg'd, For then she
our revenge That swoopstake you will draw both friend and foe, Winner and loser? Laer. None but his enemies. 
nd as to any particular point in Mr. Drebber's former career. He answered, you remember, in the negative. "I then proceeded to make a careful examination of
t would do well to set the deer's horns upon his head for a branch of victory. Have you no song, forester, for this purpose? LORD. Yes, sir. JAQUES. Sing it; 'tis no matter how it be in tune, so it
huts the gates on us, And will not suffer us to fetch him out, Nor send him forth that we may bear him hence. Therefore, most gracious Duke, with thy command Let
t now, unless thou'dst two, And that's far worse than none; better have none Than plural faith, which is too much by one. Thou counterfeit to thy true friend! PROTEUS. In love, Wh
eted his stethoscope, I must be dull, indeed, if I do not pronounce him to be an active member of the medical profession." I could not help laughing
man. Leon. No, nor I neither; but most wonderful that she should so dote on Signior Benedick, whom she hath in all outward behaviours seem'd ever to abhor. Bene
I shall not be flay'd out of it. AUTOLYCUS. O, that's the case of the shepherd's son! Hang him, he'll be made an example
price of pork. LORENZO. I shall answer that better to the commonwealth than you can the getting up of the negro's belly; the Moor is with child
t be forsworn. Exit. Jul. Is there no pity sitting in the clouds That sees into the bottom of my grief? 
elling in a continual 'larum of jealousy, comes me in the instant of our, encounter, after we had embrac'd, kiss'd, protested, and, as it were, spoke the prologu
le?" "No, sir; certainly not." "How came you to leave the key in the door?" "I had the tea-tray in my hand. I thought I would
at way, I'll this), he that first lights on him Holla the other. Exeunt [severally]. Scene II. Another part of the heath. Storm still. Enter Lear and Fool. Lear. Blow, winds, and crack you
d beshawled, bediamonded women. We had hardly reached the third pillar, which was our rendezvous, before a small, dark, brisk man in the dress of a coachman accosted us. "Are you the parties wh
it did not lead very far. Your eyes flashed across to the unframed portrait of Henry Ward Beecher which stands upon the top of your books. Then you glanced up at the wall, and of
 and granite which lay before him. He might have been the very spirit of that terrible place. It was not the convic
. SHYLOCK. Out upon her! Thou torturest me, Tubal. It was my turquoise; I had it of Leah when I was a bachelor; I would not have given it for a wilde
 cannot, give thanks you have liv'd so long, and make yourself ready in your cabin for the mischance of the hour, if it so hap.-Cheerly, good hearts!-Out of our way, I say
er; but my emotions were nothing to those which showed themselves upon her face when our eyes met. She seemed for an instant to wish to shrink back inside the house again; and then, seeing how usel
d it would make. "Well, last Monday evening I was taking a stroll down that way, when I met an empty van coming up the lane, and saw a pile of carpets and things lying about on the grass-p
ould make mows at him while my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in little. 
rone of Denmark to thy father. What wouldst thou have, Laertes? Laer. My dread lord, Your leave and favour to return to France; From whence 
 laurel-bushes made a hard fight against a smoke-laden and uncongenial atmosphere. Three gilt balls and a brown board with "Jabez Wilson" in white
ay a gold convoy came down from Ballarat to Melbourne, and we lay in wait for it and attacked it. There were six troopers and six of us
d lay the future open. You good gods, Let what is here contain'd relish of love, Of my lord's health, of his content;
deed is meritorious, And to preserve my sovereign from his foe, Say but the word, and I will be his priest.
 well-filled treasure chest from which they could draw the funds to engage the best legal talent in the state. In ten long years of outra
 come by what he hath, And slaughtered those that were the means to help him; A base foul stone, made precious by the foil Of England'
muffled in a cravat and greatcoat, was leaning against the railing. He started as the hall-light fell upon our faces. "Holmes!" he cried. "Why, Gregson
ey were fantastic and cheerful. Clearly they reflected the thoughts which possessed him, but whether the m
 house. As I did so I happened to glance out of one of the upper windows, and saw the maid with whom I 
will just catch him before he starts." We hurried down the village street and found, as we had expected, that the inspector was jus
le further. I should like, for example, to see how far the windows of the bedrooms command the front. This, I understand is your son's room"--he pushed open the
heaven, you did; and, to confirm it plain, You gave me this; but take it, sir, again. KING. My faith and this the Princess I did give; I knew her by this
 their storehouses cramm'd with grain; make edicts for usury, to support usurers; repeal daily any wholesome act established against the rich, and provide more piercing stat
a! What's that? One of them seems restless enough." It was the Indian, whose dark silhouette appeared suddenly upon his blind. He was pacing 
ny of her lineaments can show her. But, mistress, know yourself. Down on your knees, And thank heaven, fasting, for 
You are talking insanely. I helped her to escape? Where is she now?" "She is there," said Holmes, and he pointed to a high bookcase in the corner of the room. I saw the old man t
is Bagot? What is become of Bushy? Where is Green? That they have let the dangerous enemy Measure our confines wit
rning paper. "Is that Eduardo Lucas of Godolphin Street?" "Yes." "You will not see him." "Why not?" "He was murdered in his house last night." My friend has s
ow Eleanor, And listen after Humphrey, how he proceeds. She's tickled now; her fume needs no spurs, She'll gallop far enough to her destruction. Exit Re-enter G
 He had insisted, however, upon efficiency in the work, and had, therefore, paid off certain drunken and idle employees who were
his most bloody piece of work To know it further. Fears and scruples shake us. In the great hand of God I stand, and 
 comes the Duke of York. QUEEN. With signs of war about his aged neck. O, full of careful business are his looks! Uncle, for God's sake, speak 
 considered that it might be caused by Arthur's closing his bedroom door." "A likely story! As if a man bent on felony would slam his door so as to w
t? SEBASTIAN. I think he will carry this island home in his pocket, and give it his son for an apple. ANTONIO. And, sowing the ke
it for him to the end of time and pledged myself not to marry anyone else while he lived. 'Why shouldn't we be married right away, then,' said he, 'and then
d wills be done! Go, get aboard; Look to thy bark. I'll not be long before I call upon thee. MARINER. Make your best haste; and go not Too far i' th' land;
 most dear particular. He call'd me father; But what o' that? Go, you that banish'd him: A mile before his tent fall down, and knee The way into his mercy. Nay, if he coy'd To h
minister needs information as to a point which involves the Navy, India, Canada and the bimetallic question; he could get his separate advices from various depa
 A joyless, dismal, black, and sorrowful issue! Here is the babe, as loathsome as a toad Amongst the fair-fac'd 
ady whose first name is Sophy. X 2473. "That was in all the dailies. No answer." "How about the Greek Legation?" "I have inquired. They know nothing." "A wire to the head of the Athens pol
e lines which run high, and allow you to look down upon the houses like this." I thought he was joking, for the view was sordid enough, but he soon explained himself. "Look at those big,
ear that I am leaving Mr. Carruthers's employment. Even the high pay cannot reconcile me to the discomforts of my situation. On Saturday I come up
 My lord, entreat him by no means to stay. Glou. Alack, the night comes on, and the bleak winds Do sorely ruffle. For many miles about There's scarce a bus
Methinks y'are better spoken. Edg. Come on, sir; here's the place. Stand still. How fearful And dizzy 'tis to cast one's eyes so low! The crows and choughs that wing the midway air Sh
its counterpart. The lamp shining in broad daylight and the remains of powder upon the shield were s
t for this, Although against her will, as it appears In the true course of all the question. Ant. Well, I am
a jack- an-ape to Anne Page. HOST. Let him die. Sheathe thy impatience; throw cold water on thy choler; go about the fields with me through Frogmore; I will bring thee where Mistres
Take my sword; Give it the Captain. Alb. Haste thee for thy life. [Exit Edgar.] Edm. He hath commission from thy wife and me To hang 
y, and spotted in several places, although there seemed to have been some attempt to hide the discoloured patches by smearing them with ink. "I can see nothing," said I, handing
 following enjoy not Desdemona, take me from this world with treachery and devise engines for my life. RODERIGO. Well, what is it? Is it within reason and compass
ed, And brought to medicine a healthful state Which rank of goodness would by ill be cured. But thence I learn and find the lesson true, Drugs poison him that so feil sick of yo
ee only two things for certain at present--a great brain in London, and a dead man in Sussex. It's th
how," cried the saloon-keeper, not quite certain whether to humour this audacious visitor or to stand upon his dignity. "So you are good en
at may, I do adore thee so That danger shall seem sport, and I will go. Exit SCENE II. A street Enter VIOLA and MALVOLIO at several doo
consideration; but he is a devil in private brawl. Souls and bodies hath he divorc'd three; and his incensement at this 
 characteristic talk, with its keen observance of detail and subtle power of inference held me amused and enthralled. It 
d we will answer all things faithfully. GRATIANO. Let it be so. The first inter'gatory That my Nerissa shall be sworn on is, Whet
" "Fine birds they were, too. Now where did you get them from?" To my surprise the question provoked a burst of anger from the salesman. "Now, then, 
oms open out upon the lawn. That fatal night Dr. Roylott had gone to his room early, though we knew that he had not retired to rest, f
D. Let it be forbid, sir! So should I be a great deal of his act. SECOND LORD. Sir, his wife, some two months since, fled from his house. Her prete
, If two such murderers as yourselves came to you, Would not entreat for life? My friend, I spy some pity in thy looks; O, if thine eye be not a flatterer, Come thou on my side an
u!" he shouted to a frightened groom who had appeared at the edge of the glade. "Come here. Take this note as hard as you can ride to Farnham." He scribbled a few words upon
y. Go and tell them so. Enter MONTJOY EXETER. Here comes the herald of the French, my liege. GLOUCES
orlorn; While proud ambitious Edward Duke of York Usurps the regal title and the seat Of England's true-anointed lawful Kin
 well, thank you." "We were all rather afraid that after the sad death of Sir Charles the new baronet might refuse to live
lt wear it as a herald's coat To emblaze the honour that thy master got. CADE. Iden, farewell; and be proud of thy victory. Tell Kent from me s
rn you, however, Mr. Melas, that if at any time to-night you attempt to raise an alarm or do anything which is against my interests, you will
e hearty welcome. LORDS. Thanks to your Majesty. MACBETH. Ourself will mingle with society And play the humble host. Our hostess keeps her state, but in best time We wi
you well up in your Jean Paul?" "Fairly so. I worked back to him through Carlyle." "That was like following the brook to the parent lake. He 
e might have moe diseases than he knew for. FALSTAFF. Men of all sorts take a pride to gird at me. The brain of thi
T ENDS WELL by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae KING OF FRANCE THE DUKE OF FLORENCE BERTRAM, Count of Rousillon LAFEU, an old lord PAROLLES, a follower of Bertram TWO FRENCH LORDS, s
rimes would pardon'd be, Let your indulgence set me free. THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD
t That which my daughter came to look upon, The statue of her mother. PAULINA. As she liv'd peerless, So her dead likeness, I do w
t not i' th' state of hanging, or of some death more long in spectatorship and crueller in suffering; behold now 
atural man, impulsive, ardent, keenly sensitive. The next the aristocratic mask was replaced, and the gentle voice had returned. "Besides the members of
How fares our cousin Hamlet? Ham. Excellent, i' faith; of the chameleon's dish. I eat the air, promise-cramm'd. You cannot feed capons so. King. I have nothing with this 
berately wiped his knife." I glanced at Holmes on hearing the description of the murderer, which tallied so exact
" "You fill me with interest," said Holmes. "Pray give us the essential facts from the commencement, and I can afterwards question you as to those detail
effect as if you worked a love-story or an elopement into the fifth proposition of Euclid." "But the romance was there," I 
hat I may pour my spirits in thine ear, And chastise with the valor of my tongue All that impedes thee from the golden round, Which fate and metaphysical aid
E. What wisdom stirs amongst you? Come, sir, now I am for you again. Pray you sit by us, And tell's a tale. MAMILLIUS. Merry or sad shall'
 us, and we shall do all that is possible." "Surely I met you in Plymouth at a garden-party some little time ago, Mrs. Straker?" said Holmes. "No, sir; you are 
not virtuous I should not urge it half so faithfully. LUCIUS. Dost thou speak seriously, Servilius? SERVILIUS. Upon my soul, 'tis true, si
e any extreme measure. You smile, sir, but I assure you that it really would.' "'Danger is part of my trade,' I remarked. "'That is not dang
erceive it? [Aside] They're here with me already; whisp'ring, rounding, 'Sicilia is a so-forth.' 'Tis far gone When I shall gust it last.- How came't, Camillo, That he did stay? CAMILLO. At
DUKE. When came he to this town? ANTONIO. To-day, my lord; and for three months before, No int'rim, not a minute's vacancy, Both day and night did we keep
 Stapleton recruited his waning resources in this fashion, and that for years he has been a desperate and dangerous man. "We had an ex
h th' other. I would fain have it a match, and I doubt not but to fashion it if you three will but minister such assistance as I shall give you direction. Leon. M
window-and you know he has not past three or four hairs on his chin- CRESSIDA. Indeed a tapster's arithmetic may soon bring his particulars therein to a tota
as no reason to suppose that he was going under an assumed name. Why should he change his name in a country where no one knew his original one?
, if we can only use it. Come, then, and, having exhausted the Palmer, let us see what the Dunlop with the patched cover has to off
ur sprang to Holmes's pale cheeks, and he bowed to us like the master dramatist who receives the homage of his audience. It was at such moments that for a
eer which is now being published. It may be looked upon as the very latest authority. What have we here? 'Andaman Islands, situated 340 miles to the north of Sumatra, in the Bay of Beng
 of our steel." "I am sorry that he has seen you." "And so was I at first. But there was no getting out of it." "What effect do you
here, I walked right into the arms of a police-officer who was coming out, and only managed to disarm his suspicions by pretending to be hopelessly drunk. "That was how Enoch Drebber came to
meant. The boys will think none the worse of you, whatever you may have done. Where are you bound for now?" "Vermissa.
know me?" "I have been calling on Mortimer, and he pointed you out to me from the window of his surgery as you passed. As our road lay the same way I
excuse their after wrath. Husband, I come. Now to that name my courage prove my title! I am fire and air; m
r. [Aside] How pregnant sometimes his replies are! a happiness that often madness hits on, which reason and sanity could not so prosperously be delivered of. I will leave him a
coronation. Katharine no more Shall be call'd queen, but princess dowager And widow to Prince Arthur. NORFOLK. This same Cranmer's A worthy fellow, and hath ta'en much pain In the King's business. S
 SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHIN
OMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> End of this Etext of The Complete Work
ty, Against your sacred person, in God's name, Turn me away and let the foul'st contempt Shut door upon me, and so give me up To the shar
ter heed and judgment I had not quoted him. I fear'd he did but trifle And meant to wrack thee; but beshrew my jealousy! By heaven, it is as proper to our age To 
wn With gold on lasting pillars: in one voyage Did Claribel her husband find at Tunis; And Ferdinand, her brother
ad to see us, anyhow." "Why?" "Because we bring him news of his lost son." The landlord gave a very visible start. "What, you're on his track?" "He has been heard of in Liverpool. They expect to 
y brat hath been cast out, like to itself, No father owning it- which is indeed More criminal in thee than it- so thou Shalt feel our justice; in whose easiest passage Look for no less tha
ppointment, manifested no further interest in her when once she had ceased to be the centre of one of his problems, and she is now the head of a private school at Walsall, where I believe th
 And, like a Sinon, take another Troy. I can add colours to the chameleon, Change shapes with Protheus for advantages, And set the murd
ARDOLPH. Away, you rogue. HOSTESS. By my troth, he'll yield the crow a pudding one of these days: the King has k
s reports are most incriminating documents." "But how about the case?" asked the baronet. "Have you made a
 and expectation fainted, Longing for what it had not. Nay, the dust Should have ascended to the roof of heaven, Rais'd by your populous troops. But you are
eant, to pluck all fears out of you. Look you, sir, here is the hand and seal of the Duke. You know the character, I doubt not; and the signet is not strange 
f them seemed to know anything about it. Finally, I went to the landlord, who is an accountant living on the ground-floor, and I asked him if he could tell 
I was about to withdraw when Holmes pulled me abruptly into the room and closed the door behind me. "You could not possibly have 
ke a green girl, Unsifted in such perilous circumstance. Do you believe his tenders, as you call them? Oph. I do not know, my lo
o doubt some noble creature in her, Dash'd all to pieces! O, the cry did knock Against my very heart! Poor souls, they perish'd. Had I been an
odest wife, and one, I tell you, that will not miss you morning nor evening prayer, as any is in Windsor, whoe'er be the other; an
fair, When the intent of bearing them is just. Enter another Messenger. Mess. My lord, prepare. The King comes on apace. Hot. I thank hi
, dunghill! Dar'st thou brave a nobleman? HUBERT. Not for my life; but yet I dare defend My innocent life 
ut truly I do fear it. Pol. What said he? Oph. He took me by the wrist and held me hard; Then goes he to the length of all his arm, And, with his other hand t
hat to both It stands in like request? CORIOLANUS. Why force you this? VOLUMNIA. Because that now it lies you on to speak To th' p
ing to any, if I be not thine. To this I am most constant, Though destiny say no. Be merry, gentle; Strangle such thoughts as 
 COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT Il. SCENE 1 The house of ANTIPH
France. KING RICHARD. Northumberland, thou ladder wherewithal The mounting Bolingbroke ascends my throne, The time shall not be many hours of
 wholesome forenoon in hearing a cause between an orange-wife and a fosset-seller, and then rejourn the co
lent author Of his own just remove; the people muddied, Thick and and unwholesome in their thoughts and whispers For good Polo
later than I thought. I can give you, gentlemen, five minutes for preparation, and that is all." "And ample for us both," said Holmes, as he sprang up and hastened t
asant manner and frank acceptance of all that she said thawed her into a corresponding amiability. She did not attempt to conceal her hatred for her late employer. "
is Thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself, Then is it likely thou wilt undertake A thing like
deed. This stone is not yet twenty years old. It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China and is remarkable i
 of country gossip. They would have told you every name, from the master to the scullery-maid. Williamson! It conveys nothing to my min
ecessary." "You don't keep a dog?" "Yes, but he is chained on the other side of the house." "When do the ser
rer, love him murdered. The guilt of conscience take thou for thy labour, But neither my good word nor princely favour; With Cain go wander thorough shades of night, And never show thy head by day
 I must confess I know this woman; And five years since there was some speech of marriage Betwixt myself and her; which was broke off, Partly for that her promised propo
 of course he is young and has seen very little of life yet, and--and--well, he naturally did not wish to do anything like that yet. S
es, not as the flow'r, Corrupt with virtuous season. Can it be That modesty may more betray our sense Than woman's lightness? Having waste ground
vessel of their blood, Mingled with venom of suggestion- As, force perforce, the age will pour it in- Shall never leak, though it do work as strong As aconitum or ras
ord Constable, haste on Montjoy, And let him say to England that we send To know what willing ransom he
 chid his truant youth with such a grace As if lie mast'red there a double spirit Of teaching and of learning instantly. There did he pause; but let me tell the world, If he outlive 
me perfectly clear," said Lestrade. "I have no doubt at all as to what occurred. He took the papers to sell them
im? What did Selden say? Did he find out where he hid, or what he was doing?" "He saw him once or twice, but he is a deep one, and gives nothing away. At first he thought that
all amiss employ'd. What would you have me do? I am a subject, And I challenge law-attorneys are denied me; And therefore personally I lay my claim To my inheritance 
mes, in his blandest voice. "This northern air is invigorating and pleasant, so I propose to spend a few days upon your moors, and to occupy my mind as best I may. Whether
riend know?" "I have spoken to no one." The Duke took a pen in his quivering fingers and opened his cheque-book. "I shall be as good as 
All broken implements of a ruin'd house. THIRD SERVANT. Yet do our hearts wear Timon's livery; That see I by our faces. We are fellows still, Serving alike i
bs! TROILUS. Cressid, I love thee in so strain'd a purity That the bless'd gods, as angry with my fancy, More bright in zeal than the devotion which Cold lips blow to
the hangman rather? O, pardon me that I descend so low To show the line and the predicament Wherein you range under this subtile king! Shall it for shame be s
me fault for this, Although against her will, as it appears In the true course of all the question. Ant. Well, I am glad t
ds defiled long streams of heavily-laden mules, all heading to the west, for the gold fever had broken out in Califo
 taking his heavy hunting crop from the rack. "Watson, I think you know Mr. Jones, of Scotland Yard? Let me introduce you to Mr. Merryweather, who is to be our companion in to-night's adventur
 Hudson?" said Holmes. "I went to it on my knees, sir, just as you told me." "Excellent. You carried the thing out very well. Did you 
s at this instant that my unfortunate husband entered the room. He had evidently heard some suspicious sounds, and he came prepared for such a scene as he found. He was dressed in his shirt a
ht that Holmes wore an amused smile at this brilliant departure of mine. "My dear fellow," said he, "it was one of the first solutions which occurred to me, but I was soon a
or everlasting bond of fellowship- Upon that day either prepare to die For disobedience to your father's will, Or else to wed Demetrius, as he would, Or on Diana's altar to protest For a
e first I was a youngster of twelve or so. This would be in the year 1878, after he had been eight or nine yea
ed forward in intense excitement. Then suddenly came a low guggling, gargling sound, and a brisk drumming upon woodwork. Holmes sprang frantically ac
r, to lay his remarkable combination of intellectual and practical activity at the disposal of the government, with historical results which are recounted in His Last Bow. Several p
ellow lantern in our bows threw a long, flickering funnel of light in front of us. Right ahead a dark
ob the Hybla bees, And leave them honeyless. ANTONY. Not stingless too. BRUTUS. O, yes, and soundless 
hat reparation can I make?" "Where is Oberstein with the papers?" "I do not know." "Did he give you no address?" "He said
ere! She whom thou gav'st to me to be my wife, That hath abused and dishonoured me Even in the strength and height of injury. Beyond imagination is the wro
irs of ease, And pursy insolence shall break his wind With fear and horrid flight. FIRST SENATOR. Noble and young, When thy first griefs were but a 
u FALSTAFF. Come, let me pour in some sack to the Thames water; for my belly's as cold as if I had swallow'd snowballs for pills t
lawful, by my life And kingly dignity, we are contented To wear our moral state to come with her, Katharine our queen, before the primest
ome brighter ending to communicate to my readers, but these are the chronicles of fact, and I must follow to their dark crisis the strange chain
ering with fear, and his twitching feeble face peeping out from the great Astrakhan collar had the helpless appealing expression of a terrified child. "
low, And yielding to another when it blows, Commanded always by the greater gust, Such is the lightness of you comm
had placed him in my way that I might pay my debt before I left the island. He stood on the bank with his
remember, extremely unwelcome to Holmes, for he was immersed at the moment in a very abstruse and complicated problem concerning the peculiar persec
btle scheming which seemed to be weaving an invisible net round the young baronet. Holmes himself had said that no more complex case had come to him in all the long series of his sen
l thou canst rail the seal from off my bond, Thou but offend'st thy lungs to speak so loud; Repair thy wit, good youth, or it will
f goodly pride. Then if he thrive and I be cast away, The worst was this, my love was my decay. 81 Or I shall live your epitaph to make, Or you sur
o point his slow unmoving finger at! Yet could I bear that too, well, very well; But there, where I have garner'd up my heart
they could get no clear case against you, and Chicago's open to you to-morrow." "I'm very well where I am." "Well, I've given you 
 a summer-house at the far end." "Had Sir Charles reached this?" "No; he lay about fifty yards from it." "Now, tel
rview betwixt England and France might through their amity Breed him some prejudice; for from this league Peep'd harms that menac'd him-pr
 fire. Look to thyself, thou art in jeopardy. KING JOHN. No more than he that threats. To arms let's hie! Exeunt severally SCENE 2. Fra
ace of business," he said, "and these people are my clients." Again I had an opportunity of asking him a point blank question, and again my delicacy prevented me from forcing
w himself, it had gone well. O, he has given example for our flight Most grossly by his own! ENOBARBUS. Ay, are you thereabouts? Why then, good night indeed. CANIDIUS. Toward Peloponnes
h' air. [Aside] How pregnant sometimes his replies are! a happiness that often madness hits on, which reason and sanity could not so
ave that I may bear my evils alone. It were a bad recompense for your love to lay any of them on you. ANTONIO. Let me know of you whither you
ou. Good night. Exeunt Othello, Desdemona, and Attendants. Enter Iago. CASSIO. Welcome, Iago; we must to the watch. IAG
e table in front of him. "Listen to this: "'You will see me when all is ready. Come at once. "'F.H.M.' Now my theory all along has been th
 or four more of their growth, we'll dress Like urchins, ouphes, and fairies, green and white, With roun
he bleeding witness of my hatred by; Having God, her conscience, and these bars against me, And I no friends to back my suit at all But the plain devil and dissemblin
u in Brook Street?' "I stared at him in astonishment. "'Oh, it's for my sake, not for yours,' he cried. 'I'l
e world-wide country under a flag which shall be a quartering of the Union Jack with the Stars and Stripes." "The case has been 
 hath miscarried. Trip and go, my sweet; deliver this paper into the royal hand of the King; it may concern much. Stay not thy compliment; I forgive thy duty. Adieu. JAQUENET
e friends thou hast, and their adoption tried, Grapple them unto thy soul with hoops of steel; But do not dull thy palm
via's mine. VALENTINE. Thurio, give back, or else embrace thy death; Come not within the measure of my wrath; Do not name Silvia thine; if once again, Verona shall not hold th
re hearts, would they but fat their thoughts With this cramm'd reason. Reason and respect Make livers pale and lustihood deject. H
dog is dead.' QUEEN ELIZABETH. O, thou didst prophesy the time would come That I should wish for thee to h
, you are a flattering boy; now I see you'll be a courtier. Enter FORD FORD. Well met, Mistress Page. Whither go you? MRS. PAGE. Truly, sir, to 
 gentleman whose eccentric conduct had drawn my attention. He was a man of about fifty, tall, portly, and imposing, with a massive, strongly marke
e whole air was heavy with the smell of creasote. Sherlock Holmes and I looked blankly at each other, and then burst simultaneously into an uncontroll
ter, we'll meet to thy cost, be sure; Thy heart-blood I will have for this day's work. MAYOR. I'll call for clubs if you wil
IO. Then, sir, This paper is the history of my knowledge Touching her flight. [Presenting a letter] CLOTEN. Let's see't. I will pursue her Even to Augustus' 
sun, And keep it from the earth. NORFOLK. Surely, sir, There's in him stuff that puts him to these ends; For, being not propp'd by ancestry, whose gra
 next month. Since our ftp program has a bug in it that scrambles the date [tried to fix and failed] a look at the file size will h
 me. O my soul's joy! If after every tempest come such calms, May the winds blow till they have waken'd death! And let the laboring b
 been some new development?" "I had an answer to my advertisement." "Ah!" "Yes, it came within a few minutes of your leaving." "And to what effect?" Mycroft Ho
[Aside] To say the truth, so Judas kiss'd his master And cried 'All hail!' when as he meant all harm. KING ED
nsulting practice. It was necessary to make a home of my own." "Come, come, we are not so far wrong, after all," said Holmes. "And now, Dr. James Mortimer--" "Mister, sir, Mist
 father's young wife. "Mrs. Rucastle seemed to me to be colourless in mind as well as in feature. She impressed me neither 
is all-praised knight, And your unthought of Harry chance to meet. For every honour sitting on his helm, Would they were multitudes, and on my head My shames redoubled! For the time w
nough of this. It came in too suddenly; let it die as it was born, and I pray you be better acquainted. IACHIMO. Would I had put my estate and my neighbour's on th' approbation of what I have spoke
hirty years of age, very sturdily built, with thick black eyebrows and a strong, pugnacious face. He wore a ruddy-tinted tweed suit and had the weather-
let me not stir you up To such a sudden flood of mutiny. They that have done this deed are honorable. What private griefs they have, alas, I know not, That made them do it.
 But you, sir, alter'd that; for some hour before you took me from the breach of the sea was my sister dr
have him at our mercy before he can resist." "I say, Watson," said the baronet, "what would Holmes say to this? How about that hour of darkness in which the power of evil is
ng Rutland could not satisfy. WARWICK. Ay, but he's dead. Off with the traitor's head, And rear it in the place your father's sta
fore, My tears are now prevailing orators. LUCIUS. O noble father, you lament in vain; The Tribunes hear you not, no man is by, And you recount your sorrows to a st
e. You must stand clear, Mr. Holmes, or be trodden under foot.' "'I am afraid,' said I, rising, 'that in the pleasure of this conversation I am neglecting business of importance which awaits me
like a fool- the way to lose him. CHARMIAN. Tempt him not so too far; I wish, forbear; In time we hate that which we often fear. Enter ANTONY But here comes Antony. CLEOP
Give me some help!- O cruel! O ye gods! Reg. One side will mock another. Th' other too! Corn. If you see vengeance- 1. Serv. Hold your hand, my lord! I have serv'd you eve
 same black cloud, yond huge one, looks like a foul bombard that would shed his liquor. If it should thunder as it did before, I know not where to hide my head.
 whom thou in triumph long. Hast prisoner held, fett'red in amorous chains, And faster bound to Aaron's charmi
 you know, after a crime of this sort we are very careful to keep things in their position. Nothing has been move
d call them shames, which are, indeed, nought else But the protractive trials of great Jove To find persistive constancy in 
out his neck. Change you colour? ROSALIND. I prithee, who? CELIA. O Lord, Lord! it is a hard matter for friends to meet; but mountains may be remo
ult, man; you know he brought me out o' favour with my lady about a bear-baiting here. SIR TOBY. To anger him we'll have the bear again; and we will fool him black
n." He rang the bell. The butler entered. "Is Mr. Trelawney Hope at home?" "He will be home, sir, at a quarter to 
ive him. But, after all, if he is satisfied, why should I put ideas in his head?" "Why, indeed? You seem most fortunate in having an employee who comes unde
 Will either of you bear me a challenge to him? SIR TOBY. Go, write it in a martial hand; be curst and brief; it is no matter how witty, so it be eloquent a
EEN MARGARET. When holy Harry died, and my sweet son. DUCHESS. Dead life, blind sight, poor mortal living ghost, Woe's scene, world's shame, grave's due by life usurp'
exaggerated. The writer claimed by a momentary expression, a twitch of a muscle or a glance of an eye, t
We are born to do benefits; and what better or properer can we call our own than the riches of our frie
e with it, while my companion munched silently at his toast. One of the articles had a pencil mark at the heading, and I naturally began to run my eye through it. Its somewhat ambitiou
om headquarters in a light dog-cart behind a breathless trotter. By the five-forty train in the morning he had sent his message to Scotland Yard, and he was at the Birlstone station at twe
g of Hungary's! SECOND GENTLEMAN. Amen. LUCIO. Thou conclud'st like the sanctimonious pirate that went to sea with the Ten Comman
ssly fear'st Thy death, which is no more. Thou art not thyself; For thou exists on many a thousand grains That issue out of dust. Happy tho
ife--that I will take a cab straight to the police-station and give you away unless you let me share this ad
oom, to switch on the electric light. Suddenly I saw him halt, listen intently, and then in an instant 
my boy Shall carry from me to the Empress' sons Presents that I intend to send them both. Come, come; thou'lt do my message, wilt thou not? 
tion do you mightily hold up) to a contaminated stale, such a one as Hero. John. What proof shall I make of that? Bora. Proof enough to misuse the Prince, to vex Claudio, to undo Hero,
 'twill serve, if he Can thereto frame his spirit. VOLUMNIA. He must and will. Prithee now, say you will, and go about it. CORIOLANUS. Must I go show them my unbarb'd sconce?
oof enough To make the noble Leonatus mad, By wounding his belief in her renown With tokens thus and thus; averring notes Of chamber-hanging, pictures, this her bracelet- O cunning, how I got
xecute upon him. Sir, this gentleman Steps in to Cassio and entreats his pause. Myself the crying fellow did pursue, Lest by his 
oceeded, Or how far further shall, is warranted By a commission from the Consistory, Yea, the whole Co
e, I little like. DION. The violent carriage of it Will clear or end the business. When the oracle- Thus by Apollo's great divine seal'd up- Shall the contents discover, something rare Even th
accident; but a moment later, looking up, I saw a man's head against the darkening sky, and another stone struck the very ledge upon which I was stretched, within a foot of 
" "Excellent, Warner!" cried Holmes, springing to his feet. "Watson, the gaps are closing rapidly." In the cab was a woman, half-collapsed from nervous exhaustion. She bore upon her aqui
all these goings-on, sir," he cried at last, waving his hand towards the rain-lashed window which faced the moor. "There's foul play
ood even, Varro. What, you come for money? VARRO'S SERVANT. Is't not your business too? CAPHIS. It is. And your
le of France. KING HENRY. I pray thee bear my former answer back: Bid them achieve me, and then sell my bones. Good God! why should they mock p
this working-day world! CELIA. They are but burs, cousin, thrown upon thee in holiday foolery; if we walk not in the trodden paths, our ve
career of his humour? No, the world must be peopled. When I said I would die a bachelor, I did not think I should live till I were married. Enter Beatrice. Here comes
R. Well, is this captain in the Duke of Florence's camp? PAROLLES. Upon my knowledge, he is, and lousy. SECOND LORD. Nay, look not so upon m
ught to do. My own inclination is to put half-a-dozen of my farm lads in the shrubbery, and when this fellow comes again to give him such a hiding that he will leave us in peace for the futur
 is now overdue, and I shall be surprised if it does not bring us either a further letter of explanation, or, as is more probable, the very volume to which these figures refer." Holmes's calcul
OHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBE
steamship Friesland, which so nearly cost us both our lives. His cold and proud nature was always averse, however, to anything in the shape of public applause, and h
ssibly you have seen pictures and read descriptions of the famous old building, so I will confine my account of it to saying that it is buil
ck." Somewhat eased in mind, now that his own preparations for escape had been begun, McMurdo went on to the lodge. It had already assembled, and
 altercation between her husband and her, in which she doubtless cast his conduct to you in his teeth. Your own feelings over
e good Macduff. Revenges burn in them, for their dear causes Would to the bleeding and the grim alarm Excite the mortified man. ANGUS. Near Birnam Wood Shall we w
 thee down, 'gainst whom these arms we bear, Or add a royal number to the dead, Gracing the scroll that tells of this war's 
s expected? Degree being vizarded, Th' unworthiest shows as fairly in the mask. The heavens themselves, the p
UMUS. Please your Highness, I will from hence to-day. QUEEN. You know the peril. I'll fetch a turn about the garden, pitying The pangs of barr'd affections, though the King Hath charg
agreeing In earnestness to see him. Seld-shown flamens Do press among the popular throngs and puff To win a vulgar station; our veil'd dames Commit the war of white and damask in T
 come too late. PAINTER. True; When the day serves, before black-corner'd night, Find what thou want'st by free and offer'd light. Come. TIMON. [Aside] I'll mee
of that impatience which the official exponent too often produced. "Is it suicide, or is it murder--that's our first quest
ws. If Marcius should be join'd wi' th' Volscians- COMINIUS. If! He is their god; he leads them like a thing Made by some other deity than Nature, That shapes man better; and they follow him 
me word to stay within. I like his money well. O, here he comes. Enter FORD disguised FORD. Bless you, sir! FALSTAFF. Now, Master 
 stone pavement. Then it lengthened out until it became a yellow line, and then, without any warning or sound, a gash seemed to open and a hand appeared, a white, almost womanly hand, which felt
for his sake. GREMIO. Saving your tale, Petruchio, I pray, Let us that are poor petitioners speak too. Bacare! you are marvello
it is still hot." "By all means." It was a bitter night, so we drew on our ulsters and wrapped cravats about our throats. Outside, the stars were shining coldly in a cloudless sky, and the breath
e moment you are in trouble? What sort of a game is that--eh?" I heard the rasping, laboured breathing of the sick man. "Give me the water!" he gasped. "You're prec
 Parolles. HELENA. O, I believe with him, In argument of praise, or to the worth Of the great Count himself, she is too mean To have her name re
e more must be heard of, say I taught thee- Say Wolsey, that once trod the ways of glory, And sounded all the depths a
an office as any in the government service. Good God, it's dreadful to think of! That West, of all men, should have done such a thing!" "You a
e gaslight that Holmes wore an amused smile at this brilliant departure of mine. "My dear fellow," said he, "it was one of the first solutions which occurred to me, but I was soo
eir poor balls are tied To th' orbed earth; sometimes they do extend Their view right on; anon their g
a full and natural close, Like music. CANTERBURY. Therefore doth heaven divide The state of man in divers functions, Setting endeavour in continual motion; To which 
. Grieve not that I am fall'n to this for you, For herein Fortune shows herself more kind Than is her custom. It is still her use To let the wretched man outlive his wealth, To view with h
rty as I am now, If two such murderers as yourselves came to you, Would not entreat for life? My friend, I spy some pity in thy looks; O, if thine eye be not a flatterer, Come tho
cal. I should like to see him clapped down in a third class carriage on the Underground, and asked to give the trades of all his fello
"In trouble?" he asked in a whisper. "Deep." "A penitentiary job?" "And the rest." "Not a killing!" "It's early days to talk of such things," said McMurdo with the air of a man
my good friends'- this says the belly; mark me. FIRST CITIZEN. Ay, sir; well, well. MENENIUS. 'Though all at once cannot See what I do deliver out to each, Yet I can make
I have seldom seen a better grown goose." "Certainly, sir," said Baker, who had risen and tucked his newly gained property under his arm. "There are a few of us who frequent the Alpha Inn, ne
'But what is the treasure, then?' I asked. 'I am as ready to be rich as you can be, if you will but show me h
 PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> A
hey'll roar him in again. Tullus Aufidius, The second name of men, obeys his points As if he were his officer. Desperation Is all the policy, strength, an
ek; it was this very sword entrench'd it. Say to him I live; and observe his reports for me. FIRST LORD. We shall, noble Captain. PAROLLES. Mars dote on you for his 
nt; This practice hath most shrewdly pass'd upon thee, But, when we know the grounds and authors of it, Thou shalt be both the plaintiff and the judge Of thine own cause. FABIAN. Good mad
 me; and dispatch with Angelo, that it may be quickly. ISABELLA. I thank you for this comfort. Fare you well, good father. E
orstan had remained behind with the frightened housekeeper. The third flight of stairs ended in a straight passage of
had a peculiar yellow band, with brownish speckles, which seemed to be bound tightly round his head. As we entered he made neithe
st'rous late appeal, Which then our leisure would not let us hear, Against the Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Mowbray? GAUNT. I have, my liege. KING RICHARD. Tell me, moreover, hast thou sounded him If he 
CLEOMENES, with FLORIZEL, PERDITA, and ATTENDANTS They are come. Your mother was most true to wedlock, Prince; For she did print your royal father off, Conceiving you. Were I but twenty-one, You
tation, And draw within the compass of suspect Th' unviolated honour of your wife. Once this-your long experience of her wisdom, Her sober virtue, years, and modesty, P
but never for an instant in repose. Nature had given him a pendulous lip, and a too visible line of yellow and irregular teeth, wh
her lips might be sealed. Still, in her heart, she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far
ou, he were my brother, I would desire the Duke to use his good pleasure, and put him to execution; for discipline ought to be used. PISTOL. Die and be damn'd! and f
scorned, dishonoured my kinswoman? O that I were a man! What? bear her in hand until they come to take hands, and then with public accusation, 
oined in a general shriek of "Fire!" Thick clouds of smoke curled through the room and out at the open window. I caught a glimpse of rushing fig
which could not be her office to say is come, was faithfully confirm'd by the rector of the place. FIRST LORD. Hath the Count all
weak and idle theme, No more yielding but a dream, Gentles, do not reprehend. If you pardon, we will mend. And, as I am an honest Puck, If we have
"I never needed it more," said Holmes as he refreshed himself with a glass of claret and some biscuits in the intervals of his toilet. "However, as you know, my habits are irregular, and
be preferr'd; For what is wedlock forced but a hell, An age of discord and continual strife? Whereas the contrary bringeth bliss, And is a pattern of celestial peace. Whom should we mat
 Look, here comes one; a gentlewoman of mine, Who, falling in the flaws of her own youth, Hath blister'd her report. She is with child; And he that got it, sentenc'd- a young man
f Cecil Barker, who held it towards us as we entered. Its light shone upon his strong, resolute, clean-shaved face and his menacing eyes. "What the devil 
anyone but myself, that Holmes was on a hot scent. As impassive as ever to the casual observer, there were none the less a subdued eagerness and suggest
e-with whom I leave my curse: May never glorious sun reflex his beams Upon the country where you make abode; But darkness and the gloomy shade of death Envi
nt. For twenty minutes or more he continued his researches, measuring with the most exact care the distance between mark
joined in a general shriek of "Fire!" Thick clouds of smoke curled through the room and out at the open window. I caught a glimpse of rushing figures, and a moment l
ine image dies with thee. 4 Unthrifty loveliness why dost thou spend, Upon thy self thy beauty's legacy? Nature's bequest gives nothing but doth le
 sound and fury, Signifying nothing. Enter a Messenger. Thou comest to use thy tongue; thy story quickly. MESSENGER. Gracious my lord, I should report that which I say I saw, But know n
k to make up, so I left him there and went out to dine. When I returned he was gone. I was anxious to hurry my work, for I knew that Joseph--the Mr. Harrison whom you saw just now--was in
 have bought out their services; and now my whole charge consists of ancients, corporals, lieutenants, gentlemen of companies- slaves as ragged as Lazarus in the painted
and shall be so; content thyself. WARWICK. Be Duke of Lancaster; let him be King. WESTMORELAND. He is both King and Duk
SSENGER Follow I must; I cannot go before, While Gloucester bears this base and humble mind. Were I a man, a duke, and next of blood, I would remove these tedious stumbling-blocks 
I glared at the intrusive vicar with no very friendly eyes; but Holmes took his pipe from his lips and sat up in his chair
b, this amateur bloodhound carolled away like a lark while I meditated upon the many-sidedness of the human mind. CHAPTER V Our Advertisement Brings A Visitor Our morning's exertio
llion in treasure, a black cannibal, and a wooden-legged ruffian. They take the place of the conventiona
me to my tent and cried on victory. I promise you my soul is very jocund In the remembrance of so fair a dream. How far into the morning is it, lords? LOR
n, then, be wife to Sparta's king- As it is known she is-these moral laws Of nature and of nations speak aloud To have her back return'd. Thus to persist In doing wrong extenu
will make wise men mad. Yet blessing on his heart that gives it me! For 'tis a sign of love; and love to Richard Is a strange brooch in this all-ha
ost ridiculous monster, to make a wonder of a poor drunkard! CALIBAN. I prithee let me bring thee where crabs grow; And I with my long nails will d
ant hill Feign'd Fortune to be thron'd. The base o' th' mount Is rank'd with all deserts, all kind of natures That la
ured him out a glass of some stimulating medicine. Holmes sat silently, with his head thrown back and his eyes closed, in an 
may visit the Northumberland Avenue hotels. I think I will leave him to tell his very remarkable experience in his o
, And for these bitter tears, which now you see Filling the aged wrinkles in my cheeks, Be pitiful to my condemned sons, Whose souls are not corrupted as 'tis thoug
and I knew where a commodity of good names were to be bought. An old lord of the Council rated me the other day in the street about you, sir, but I mark'd him not; and yet he talked
 archers; Instead whereof sharp stakes pluck'd out of hedges They pitched in the ground confusedly To keep the horsemen off from breaking in. More than three hours the fight continu
ave been within a very few minutes of my leaving it. His forgetfulness about the key would have mattered little upon any other occasion, but on this one day it has produced the most depl
 if they thought this proposition rather a bold one; but Holmes at once took the prisoner at his word, and loosened the towel which we had b
t, coward, live to see that day. FITZWATER. Now, by my soul, I would it were this hour. AUMERLE. Fitzwater, thou art damn'd to hell for this. PERCY. Aume
any ordinary convict. This is a man that would stick at nothing." "Who is he, then?" "It is Selden, the Notting Hill murderer." I remembered the case well,
coin heaven's image In stamps that are forbid; 'tis all as easy Falsely to take away a life true made As to put metal in restrained means To make a false one
fortune. Exeunt OXFORD and SOMERSET, guarded QUEEN MARGARET. So part we sadly in this troublous world, To meet with joy in sweet Jerusale
nks. Now follows, that you know, young Fortinbras, Holding a weak supposal of our worth, Or thinking by our late dear brother's deat
 am safe in your hands. Look at that clipping." McGinty glanced his eyes over the account of the shoo
o trimm'd and dress'd his land As we this garden! We at time of year Do wound the bark, the skin of our fruit trees, Lest, being over-proud in 
 and declares that he had lost it. But a new element has been introduced into the case which may account for his leading the horse from the stable." Holmes pricked up his ears.
re he. Graces will appear, and there's an end. [ They step aside.] Beat. Will you not tell me who told you 
-morrow is Saint Valentine's day, All in the morning bedtime, And I a maid at your window, To be your
atherine, and I must not blush to affirm it. KATHERINE. O bon Dieu! les langues des hommes sont pleines de tromperies. KING HENRY. What say
'gainst mine, Lending soft audience to my sweet design, And credent soul to that strong-bonded oath, That shall prefer and 
ble Verbatim to rehearse the method of my pen. No, prelate; such is thy audacious wickedness, Thy lewd, pestiferous, and dissentious pranks, A
our Majesty to make it Natural rebellion, done i' th' blaze of youth, When oil and fire, too strong for reason's force, O'erbears it and burns on. K
tter," said Sherlock Holmes. "In fact, if I am not very much mistaken, here is the gentleman himself coming up the drive." A man was striding 
lmes smiled. He was always warmed by genuine admiration--the characteristic of the real artist. "What about Birlstone?" he asked. "We've time yet," said the i
loured eyelashes, "the true believers have been good friends to you. We picked you up when you were starving in the desert, we shared our food 
likely. And yet if it were on the lawn, I wonder that you did not hear it also.' "'Ah, but I sleep more heavily than you.' "'Well, it is o
is, for counsel is but vain. AUMERLE. My liege, one word. KING RICHARD. He does me double wrong That wounds me with the flatteries of his tongue. Discharge my followers; let them hence 
itors did not arrive after ten o'clock at night. We may take it, then, that all the evidence points to Mortimer Tregennis as the culprit." "Then his own de
 Or a spectral hound, black, silent, and monstrous? Was there a human agency in the matter? Did the pale, watchful B
 and which way you will. BERTRAM. All's one to him. What a past-saving slave is this! SECOND LORD. Y'are deceiv'd, my lord; this
iend of the good Duke of York's That tell black tidings. QUEEN. O, I am press'd to death through want of speaking! [Coming forward] Thou, old Adam's likeness, set to dress this garden, H
nd digest Your angry choler on your enemies. Ourself, my Lord Protector, and the rest, After some respite will return to Calais; From thence to England, where I hope
alth: All must be even in our government. You thus employ'd, I will go root away The noisome weeds which without profit suck The soil's fertility from wholesome flowers. SERVAN
rves were at their highest tension. He saw the question in my eyes, and, putting his finger-tips together and his el
sea of glory; But far beyond my depth. My high-blown pride At length broke under me, and now has left me, Weary and old 
n Army pensioner--an old Crimean man of excellent character. He does not live in the house, but in a three-roomed cottage at the o
the points upon which your own researches have shed a light. Your interview with the lady has cleared the situation very much. I did not
re. PUCELLE. Your honours shall perceive how I will work To bring this matter to the wished end. [Drum sounds afar off] Hark! by the so
 bracelets, beads, and all this knav'ry. What, hast thou din'd? The tailor stays thy leisure, To deck thy body 
ers. Cor. The jewels of our father, with wash'd eyes Cordelia leaves you. I know you what you are; And, like a sister, am most
o would handle so big an affair. The only men worth considering are Adolph Mayer, of 13 Great George Street, Westminster; Louis La Rothiere, of Campden Mansions, Notting Hill; 
l on; I made good my place. At length they came to th' broomstaff to me; I defied 'em still; when suddenly a file of boys behind 'em, 
t my brain turn, and the deficient sight Topple down headlong. Glou. Set me where you stand. Edg. Give me your hand. You are now within a foot Of th' extreme verge. For all beneath the
ut truth to my divining thoughts, This pretty lad will prove our country's bliss. His looks are full of peaceful majesty; His head by nature fram'd to 
ress, with all her white teeth flashing in amusement at our amazed faces. I burst out laughing, out of sympathy wit
, Watson, you may find some which were nearly as obscure. Meanwhile, we shall put the case aside until more accurate data are available, and devote the re
ionary countrymen. The good gods assuage thy wrath, and turn the dregs of it upon this varlet here; this
e always succeeded in picking it up once more. "Do you observe," said Holmes, "that the rider is now undoubtedly forcing the pace? There can be no doubt of it. Look at this impression
 I had been panting during all those months of inaction seemed to have come within my reach. In my inmost heart I believed that I could succeed w
, I was confident that I could pluck it forth. For an hour I sat pondering over it in the gloom, until at last a weeping maid brought in a lamp, and close at her heels came my friend Trevor, pale but
cket up his report. GONZALO. Methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in Afric, at the marriage of the King's 
ds of Hercules and frowning Mars; Who, inward search'd, have livers white as milk! And these assume but valour's excrement To render them redoubted. Look on beauty And you
e! my kingdom for a horse! Exeunt SCENE 5. Another part of the field Alarum. Enter RICHARD and RICHMOND; they fight
andsome, aquiline features were convulsed into a spasm of vindictive hatred, which had set his dead face in a terribly fiendish expression. He had evide
I came hurrying up, "I trust that she is no worse?" A look of surprise passed over his face, and at the first quiver of his eyebrows my heart turned to lead 
is fair volume lies Find written in the margent of his eyes, This precious book of love, this unbound lover, To beautify him only lacks a cover. The fish l
n world his visage hide Stealing unseen to west with this disgrace: Even so my sun one early morn did shine, With all triumphant splendour on my brow, But out alack, he was but one hou
rong stay and her displeasure fly; She that in wisdom never was so frail To change the cod's head for the salmon's 
allowed to come in and see them, each carrying away in his pocket some examples of the false money, so cunningly struck that there was never the slightest difficulty or danger in passing it. Wh
 him utter an exclamation of satisfaction. There were many marks of footsteps upon the wet clayey soil, but since the police had been
er lost and won, Than women's are. VIOLA. I think it well, my lord. DUKE. Then let thy love be younger than thyself, Or thy affection c
sand fathom above water, and sung this ballad against the hard hearts of maids. It was thought she was a woma
, I am a man whom Fortune hath cruelly scratch'd. LAFEU. And what would you have me to do? 'Tis too late to par
s abominations, turns you off, And gives his potent regiment to a trull That noises it against us. OCTAVIA. Is it so, si
hall top th' legitimate. I grow; I prosper. Now, gods, stand up for bastards! Enter Gloucester. Glou. Kent banish'd thus? and France in chol
D TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. Scene I. Elsinore. A room in the Castle. Enter King, Queen, Polonius, Ophelia, Rosencrantz, Guildenstern, and Lords. King. And can you by no drift of c
o warrant. PAULINA. You need not fear it, sir. This child was prisoner to the womb, and is By law and process of great Na
BIANCA. And I was going to your lodging, Cassio. What, keep a week away? seven days and nights? Eight score eight hours? and lovers' absent h
 do not commend themselves to me. I am disappointed in Stanley Hopkins. I had hoped for better things from him. One should always look for a possible alternative and provide ag
y Which your disease requires. BUCKINGHAM. I read in's looks Matter against me, and his eye revil'd Me as his abject object.
a third, to whose identity I have no clue. The first two, I need hardly remark, are the same who masqueraded as the Russian count a
can. Well, you shall hear from me to-morrow." He turned upon his heel, disregarding the trembling hand which the other held out to him, and we set off for King's Pyland. "A more perfect
ke, Jack!' she cried, with a nervous laugh. 'Why, I thought that nothing could awake you.' "'Where have you been?' I asked, more sternly. "'
tions, to yawn, be still, and wonder, When one but of my ordinance stood up To speak of peace or war. Enter VOLUMNIA I talk of you: Why did you wish me
t he bears all things fairly And shows good husbandry for the Volscian state, Fights dragon-like, and does achieve as soon As draw his sword
cy, hath amaz'd me more Than I dare blame my weakness. Will you see her, For that is her demand, and know her business? That done, laugh well at me. KING. Now, good La
d. These eyes, that now are dimm'd with death's black veil, Have been as piercing as the mid-day sun To search the secr
y sultry, as 'twere- I cannot tell how. But, my lord, his Majesty bade me signify to you that he has laid a great wager on your head. Sir, this is the matter- Ham. I beseech you remember. 
eet once more. "No, I couldn't do it, Watson," said he, as we re-entered our room. "Once that warrant was made out nothing on earth would save him. Once or twice in my career I feel 
ds. PERDITA. I'll not put The dibble in earth to set one slip of them; No more than were I painted I would wish This youth should say 'twere well, and only therefore Desire to 
nt SOLDIERS] Has sat i' th' stocks all night, poor gallant knave. BERTRAM. No matter; his heels have deserv'd it, in usurping his spurs so long. How does he carry himself? SECO
her father. And so we wept; and there was the first gentleman-like tears that ever we shed. SHEPHERD. We may live, son, to shed many more. CLOWN. Ay; or else 'twere hard luck, 
come home again discarded faith. Seek out King John, and fall before his feet; For if the French be lords of this loud day, He means to recompense the pains you take By cutting 
else so happy As in a soul rememb'ring my good friends; And as my fortune ripens with thy love, It shall be still thy 
 an impossibility in the case of one trained to observation and analysis. His conclusions were as infallible as so many propositions of Euclid. So startling would his results appear
 that Rutland made When black-fac'd Clifford shook his sword at him; Nor when thy warlike father, like a child, Told the sad story of 
ation than ever proof itself would have earn'd him. Away. AGUECHEEK. Nay, let me alone for swearing. Exit SIR TOBY. Now will not I deliver his letter; for the behaviour of the young gentlem
ossible exit. "His absence was discovered at seven o'clock on Tuesday morning. His bed had been slept in. He had dressed himself fully before going off in his usual school suit of black Eto
erday." I met him accordingly next morning and we traveled down to Woking together. He had had no answer to his advert
st me into that dark hiding-place, a relic of old days, known only to himself. He took his meals in his own room, and so was able to
 me more good to see so great a lord Basely insinuate and send us gifts. AARON. Had he not reason, Lord Demetrius? Did you not use his daughter very friendly? DEMETRIUS. I would 
her, good night. To-morrow is the day. SECOND SOLDIER. It will determine one way. Fare you well. Heard you of nothing strange 
more deep will I endart mine eye Than your consent gives strength to make it fly. Enter Servingman. Serv. Madam, the guests are come, supper se
ey of themselves, they may pass for excellent men. Here come two noble beasts in, a man and a lion. Enter LION and MOONSHINE LION. 
erpreter who had parted from us only a few hours before at the Diogenes Club. His hands and feet were securely strapped together, and he bor
tal woe. KING RICHARD. The ripest fruit first falls, and so doth he; His time is spent, our pilgrimage must be. So much for that. Now for our Irish wars
God, it's Nancy!" Mrs. Barclay turned as white as death, and would have fallen down had the dreadful-looking creature not caught hold of her. I was going to call for the police, but she, 
 cuts. Obviously they have been caused by someone who has very carelessly scraped round the edges of the sole in order to remove crusted mud fr
, no doubt. O, 'tis a perilous boy; Bold, quick, ingenious, forward, capable. He is all the mother's, from the top to toe. BUCKINGHAM. Well, let them rest. Come h
ou remember, Monday was an exceedingly hot day, and Mrs. St. Clair walked slowly, glancing about in the hope of seeing a cab, as she did not like the neighbourhood in which she found herself. While 
d upon the unfortunate linguist, for he could not speak of him save with trembling hands and a blanched cheek. He had been taken swiftly to Beckenham, and had acted as interpreter in a s
. O woful time! Cap. Death, that hath ta'en her hence to make me wail, Ties up my tongue and will not let me speak. Enter Friar [Laurence] and the County [Paris], with Musicians. 
t pink frock with its little linen apron all bespoke a mother's care. The child was pale and wan, but her healthy arms and legs showed that she had suffered le
from VENTIDIUS talking with him; LUCILIUS and other servants following TIMON. Imprison'd is he, say you? MESSENGER. Ay, my good lord. Five talents is his debt;
ittle cry of pain. "I must finish," she said. "When my term was over I set myself to get the diary and letters which, if sent to the Russi
o grace my stratagems. But what, is Catesby gone? GLOUCESTER. He is; and, see, he brings the mayor along. Enter the LORD MAYOR and CATESB
your patience to you, And I'll say nothing. LEONTES. Thou didst speak but well When most the truth; which I receive much better Than to be pitied of thee. Prithee, bring me To the dead bodies o
old gentleman left his cigar-ash. It is a white wooden gate with a latch. Beyond it lies the wide moor. I remembered your theory of the affair and tried to picture all that had occ
eth than fancy's images, And grows to something of great constancy, But howsoever strange and admirable. Enter LYSANDER, DEMETRIUS, HERMIA, and HELENA THESEUS. Here come the lovers, full of joy and 
uestion now is, what shall we do with this poor wretch's body? We cannot leave it here to the foxes and the ravens." "I suggest that we put it in one of the huts unti
t, And we for fear compell'd to shut our shops. Enter in skirmish, the retainers of GLOUCESTER and WINCHESTER, with bloody pates KING HENRY. We charge you, on allegiance to ourself, To h
our bearskin hearthrug. We had sprung to our feet, and for a few moments we stared in silent amazement at this ponderous piece of wreckage, 
all be, to thy foul disgrace And utter ruin of the house of York. Thus do I leave thee. Come, son, let's away; Our army is ready; come, we'll after them. KI
y march bring home To the tent-royal of their emperor; Who, busied in his majesty, surveys The singing masons building roofs of gold, The civil citi
were dozing. He came across, seated himself close to the young traveller, and held out his hand. "Put it there," he said. A hand-grip passed
ing, intent faces glared in at them from under the peaks of police caps. McMurdo sprang to his feet and half drew his revolver; but his arm stopped midway as he 
st have been dead at least six hours. There were no signs of violence. She just lay across the arm of the chai
ee here, sir! See what my wife found in its crop!" He held out his hand and displayed upon the centre of the palm a brilliantly scintillating blue stone, rather smaller than a bean 
n] Let him knock till it ache. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. You'll cry for this, minion, if beat the door down. LUCE. [Within] What needs all that, and a pair of stocks in the town? Enter ADRIANA
t Baker Street before evening. And now, Watson, it only remains for us to find out by wire the identity of the cabman, No. 2704, and then we will drop in
enry's side. But then I remembered the pile of papers and bills with which his study table was littered. It was certain that I could
 It appeared to have been fitted up as a chemical laboratory. A double line of glass-stoppered bottles was drawn up upon the wall opposite the door, and the table was littered over with Bunsen bur
is failing had ceased to enter into my head. It was close upon four before the door opened, and a drunken-looking groom, ill-kempt and side-whiskered, with an inflamed face and disreputable clo
th speed aboard. Delay it not; I'll have him hence to-night. Away! for everything is seal'd and done That else leans on th' affair. Pray you make haste. Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern] And
nto such a paroxysm of terror that he would risk recapture by screaming wildly for help. By his cries he must have run a long way after he knew the animal was on his track. Ho
r what he spake, though it lack'd form a little, Was not like madness. There's something in his soul O'er which his melan
atest is he who can recognize and repair them. To this modified credit I may, perhaps, make some claim. My night was haunted by the thought that somewhere a clue, a st
red their tracks. There has, I fear, been preconcerted management here." He was approaching the door of the house, when it opened, and a little, curly-headed lad of six came ru
thou hast rudely lost, Which by thy younger brother is supplied, And art almost an alien to the hearts Of all the court and princes of my blood. The hope and expectation o
 ratify this my rich gift. O Ferdinand! Do not smile at me that I boast her off, For thou shalt find she will outstrip all praise, And make it halt behind her.
 I shall be infinitely obliged to you." THE STOCK-BROKER'S CLERK Shortly after my marriage I had bought a connection in the Paddington district. Old Mr. Farquhar, from whom I purchased it, had at 
re on account of the girl's short sight, he appears as Mr. Hosmer Angel, and keeps off other lovers by making love himself." "It was only a joke at first," groaned our vis
ey have depos'd, Some poison'd by their wives, some sleeping kill'd, All murder'd-for within the hollow crown That rounds the mortal temples of a king Keeps Death his court; and there the anti
m. It was a brute part of him to kill so capital a calf there. Be the players ready. Ros. Ay, my lord. They stay upon your patience. Queen. Come hither, my dear Hamlet, sit by me. Ham. No, good mo
tis in your younger enterprise. King. These things, indeed, you have articulate, Proclaim'd at market crosses, read in churches, To face the garment of rebellion With some fine colour that may 
se evil influences which were sucking him down. She went to his house, as he had often begged her to do, and made her way int
zes her, and she, snatching up the nearest object, which happens to be this knife, strikes at him in order to make him let g
uch youth in't. Not a month Fore your queen died, she was more worth such gazes Than what you look on now. LEONTES. I thought of her Even in these looks I
 Dame Eleanor Cobham, Gloucester's wife: In sight of God and us, your guilt is great; Receive the sentence of the law for sins Such as by God's book are adjudg'd to d
ontact with these things. Your advice, then, as I understand it, is that the young man will be as safe in Devonshire as in London. He comes in fifty minutes. What would you r
e'er thou art a fiend, A woman's shape doth shield thee. Gon. Marry, your manhood mew! Enter a Gentleman. Alb. What news? Gent. O, my good lord, the Duke of Cornwall 's dead, Sla
 in prison be my scope, Each opposite that blanks the face of joy Meet what I would have well, and it destroy, Both here and hence pu
s now and glanced across at his visitor. "Pray be precise as to details," said he. "It is easy for me to be so, for 
 she's fall'n out with her husband. Your noble Tullus Aufidius will appear well in these wars, his great opposer, Coriolanus, being now in no request of his count
d over it," said he. "Honestly, I cannot congratulate you upon it. Detection is, or ought to be, an exact science, and should be treated
m intently, with no sign of that impatience which the official exponent too often produced. "Is it suicide, or is it murder--that's our first question, gentlemen, is i
nd I am prest unto it; therefore, speak. BASSANIO. In Belmont is a lady richly left, And she is fair and, fairer than that word, Of wondrous virtues. S
' rock, with him! SICINIUS. Peace! We need not put new matter to his charge. What you have seen him do and heard him speak, Beating y
d! Look! Lo! How say you? Why, what care I? If thou canst nod, speak too. If charnel houses and our graves must send Those that we bury back, our monuments Shall be the maws of kites. Exit Ghost.
ire, "which I really think, Watson, that it would be worth your while to glance over. These are the documents in the extraordinary cas
s. If I lov'd many words, lord, I should tell you You have as little honesty as honour, That in the way of loyalty and truth Toward the King, my eve
 as thou was wont to see. Dian's bud o'er Cupid's flower Hath such force and blessed power. Now, my Titania; wake you, my sweet queen. TITANIA. My Oberon! What visions have I seen! Methought
er people who have been making inquiries," said Holmes carelessly. "If you won't tell us the bet is off, that is all. But I'm always ready to back my opinion on a matter of fowls, and 
n 'tis time to stir him from his trance. I pray, awake, sir. If you love the maid, Bend thoughts and wits to achieve her. Thus it stands: Her elder sister is so curst and shrewd T
 laid upon the table a long, deadly, sheathed knife. Finally he unravelled a bundle of clothing, comprising a complet
A man came slinking along, went into the hut, gave a cry as if he had seen a ghost, and legged it as hard as he co
 it dead. Enter SIR WILLIAM Lucy, attended; a FRENCH HERALD preceding LUCY. Herald, conduct me to the Dauphin's tent, To know who hath obtain'd the glory of the day
cial police until their arrival. Here, you!" he shouted to a frightened groom who had appeared at the edge of the glade. "Come h
njured lady, half a million in treasure, a black cannibal, and a wooden-legged ruffian. They take the place of the conventional dragon or 
ask'd, as free As words to little purpose. VOLUMNIA. Prithee now, Go, and be rul'd; although I know thou hadst rather Follow thine enemy in a fiery gulf Than fla
y promised supply Of horsemen that were levied for this siege! Renowned Talbot doth expect my aid, And I am louted by a traitor villain And cannot help the noble chevalier. God comfort him 
 some punished; For never was a story of more woe Than this of Juliet and her Romeo. Exeunt omnes. THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS O
dy' and The justice of your hearts will thereto ad 'Tis pity she's not honest- honourable.' Praise her but for this her without-door for
llotment as managing director. He knew I was in the swim down here, and asked me to pick up a good man cheap. A young, pushing man with plenty of s
 John Underwood and Sons, 129, Camberwell Road." Gregson looked quite crest-fallen. "I had no idea that you noticed that," he said. "Have you been there?" "No." "Ha!
valeiro Justice; tell him, bully rook. SHALLOW. Sir, there is a fray to be fought between Sir Hugh the Welsh priest and Caius the French doctor. FORD. Good mine hos
 green rollers, with crests of jagged granite foaming up into fantastic surges. "You never tire of the moor. You cannot think the wonderful secrets which it contains. It is so 
l of protest, of oath, and big compare, Want similes, truth tir'd with iteration- As true as steel, as plantage to the moon, As sun to day, as turt
rtunes and my friends at stake requir'd I should do so in honour. I am in this Your wife, your son, these senators, the nobles; And you will rather show our general louts How yo
usband's foot; In token of which duty, if he please, My hand is ready, may it do him ease. PETRUCHIO. Why, there's a wench! Come on, and kiss me, Kate. LUCENTIO. Well, go thy 
 report. When was it she last walked? GENTLEWOMAN. Since his Majesty went into the field, have seen her rise from her bed, throw her nightgown upon her, unlock her closet, take forth paper, fo
. HELENA. Never did mockers waste more idle breath. DEMETRIUS. Lysander, keep thy Hermia; I will none. If e'er I lov'd her, all that love is gone. My heart to her 
 LORD CHRISTOPHER SLY, a tinker HOSTESS PAGE PLAYERS HUNTSMEN SERVANTS BAPTISTA MINOLA, a gentleman of Padua VINCENTIO, a Merchant of Pis
ning. You can think that I looked out when I came to Charlington Heath, and there, sure enough, was the man, exactly as he had been the two weeks before. He always kept
civil, full of good, And fit for great employment, worthy lord. DUKE. Thou hast prevail'd; I pardon them, and thee; Dispose of them as t
e, A trespass that doth vex my grieved soul; But ere I last receiv'd the sacrament I did confess it, and exactly begg'd Your Grace's pardon; and I hope I had it. This is my fault. As f
rows. He was a silent, precise man with a dour nature and a hard Aberdonian accent. Twice already in his career had Holmes helped him to attain success, his own
al; I saw him put down the other day with an ordinary fool that has no more brain than a stone. Look you now, he's out of his guard already; unless you laugh and minister occa
e and Dost seem so ignorant, we'll enforce it from thee By a sharp torture. PISANIO. Sir, my life is yours; I humbly set it at your will; but for my mistress, I nothing kno
IRON. Tell us, old man, how shall we be employ'd? TITUS. Tut, I have work enough for you to do. Publius, come hither, Caius, and 
im Until some half hour past, when I was arm'd, Not sure, though hoping of this good success, I ask'd his blessing, and from first to last Told him my pilgrimage. But his flaw
ius; mark well Metellus Cimber; Decius Brutus loves thee not; thou hast wronged Caius Ligarius. There is but one mind in all these men, and it is bent against 
 my lord of Rome, Call forth your soothsayer. As I slept, methought Great Jupiter, upon his eagle back'd, Appear'd to me, with other spritely shows Of mine own kindred. When I wak'd, I found 
citing, and be friended With aptness of the season; make denials Increase your services; so seem as if You were inspir'd to do those duties which You tender to her; tha
hey were not cherish'd by our virtues. Enter a MESSENGER How now? Where's your master? SERVANT. He met the Duke in the street
d old. A Turkish bath is what we call an alterative in medicine--a fresh starting-point, a cleanser of the system. "By the way, Holmes," I added, "I have no do
 was above ground; but if they saw in the papers that Baldwin had got his man, there would be an end of all my troubles. I hadn't much time to make it all 
. "Well," said I, as I came hurrying up, "I trust that she is no worse?" A look of surprise passed over his face, and at the first quiver of his eyebrows my hea
a Republican lady to a British peeress.'" "Anything else?" asked Holmes, yawning. "Oh, yes; plenty. Then there is another note in the Morning Post
ir adversaries, Being with his presence glutted, gorg'd, and full. And in that very line, Harry, standest thou; For thou hast lost thy p
nk'd in Kent. Another lean unwash'd artificer Cuts off his tale, and talks of Arthur's death. KING JOHN. Why seek'st thou to possess me with these fears? Why urgest 
e a little, and I shall conduct you, If you will mark it. ROSALIND. O, come, let us remove! The sight of lovers feedeth those in love. Bring us to this 
briers, sharp furzes, pricking goss, and thorns, Which ent'red their frail shins. At last I left them I' th' filthy mantled pool beyond your cell, There dancing up to th' chin
R FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. SCENE I. Enter Brutus in his orchard. BRUTUS. What, Lucius, ho! I cannot, by the progress of the stars, Give guess how near to day. 
ONY. O, pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth, That I am meek and gentle with these butchers! Thou art the ruins of the noblest man Th
all Master Slender steal my Nan away, And marry her at Eton.-Go, send to Falstaff straight. FORD. Nay, I'll to him again, in name of Brook; He'll tell me all his p
or 'tis said a woman's fitness comes by fits. Therein I must play the workman. I dare speak it to myself, for it is not vain-glory for a man and his glass to confer in his o
is well, I warrant you, when time is serve. GOWER. Why, 'tis a gull a fool a rogue, that now and then goes to the wars to grace himself, at his return in
. And, being intercepted in your sport, Great reason that my noble lord be rated For sauciness. I pray you let us hence, And let her joy her raven-coloure
 of a fair and lucky war, Since God so graciously hath brought to light This dangerous treason, lurking in our way To hinder our begi
lay before us, with an old-fashioned garden of cut yews on each side of it. As we approached it, there was the wooden drawbridge and the beautiful broad moat as sti
ped royalty From the dead temples of this bloody wretch Have I pluck'd off, to grace thy brows withal. Wear it, enjoy it, and make much of it. RICHMOND. Gre
o-morrow see again, and do not kill The spirit of love, with a perpetual dulness: Let this sad interim like the ocean be Which parts the shore, where two contracted new, Come daily to t
he. "'On the contrary,' I answered, 'I think it is fairly evident that I do. Pray take a chair. I can spare you five minutes if you hav
n thousand eyes, And I will fill them with prophetic tears. HECTOR. Peace, sister, peace. CASSANDRA. Virgins and boys, mid-age and wrinkled eld, Soft infancy, that noth
to a space over which "Naval Signals" was printed. "But you have a good dossier there already." "Out of date and waste paper. The Admiralty in some way got the alarm and every code has 
shrubbery. I would sooner have a savage wild animal loose about the place. I loathe and fear him more than I can say. How can Mr. Carruthers endure such a creature for a
the woman's shoulder. He had an almost hypnotic power of soothing when he wished. The scared look faded from her eyes, and her agitated features smoothed into their usual co
d then, Even of yourself, Lord Cardinal. WOLSEY. How! Of me? CAMPEIUS. They will not stick to say you envied him And, fearing he would rise, he was so virtuous, Kept him a foreign m
f ornament. They are but beggars that can count their worth; But my true love is grown to such excess cannot sum up sum of half my wealt
u a glass before your journey?" "No, thanks. But it looks like revelry." "Altamont has a nice taste in wines, and he took a fancy to my Tokay. He is a touchy fellow and needs humouring in small t
e some refreshment." However, Lestrade was anxious to get his man into safe quarters, so within a few minutes our cab had been summoned and we were all four upon our way 
ld, and five in notes." "That will do. I have as much more to add to it. We must push for Carson City through the mountains. You had best wake Lucy. It is as well that the 
 Take but degree away, untune that string, And hark what discord follows! Each thing melts In mere oppugnancy: the bounded waters Should lift their bosoms higher than the shores
d, since fortune has put it into our hands, I should be culpable if I neglected it. It has, however, prevented the case from becoming the pretty little intellect
1b, Baker Street.' That is clear and concise." "Very. But will he see it?" "Well, he is sure to keep an eye on the papers, since, to a poor man, the loss was a
t thrown by the lantern she saw that he was a person of gentlemanly bearing, dressed in a gray suit of tweeds, with a cloth cap. He wore gaiters, and carried a heavy stick with
e he comes. DESDEMONA. I will not leave him now till Cassio Be call'd to him. Enter Othello. How is't with you, my lord? OTHELLO. Well, my good lady. [Aside.] O, hardness t
 normal state, and in it I passed an instructive quarter of an hour." "What were you doing?" "Well, not to make a mystery of so simple a matter, I was looking for the missing dumb-bell. It 
S. But, madam, where is Warwick then become? QUEEN ELIZABETH. I am inform'd that he comes towards London To set the crown once more on Henry's head. Guess thou the r
own, be satisfied. Mer. O calm, dishonourable, vile submission! Alla stoccata carries it away. [Draws.] Tybalt, you ratcatcher, will you walk? Tyb. What wouldst thou
IUS. What more fearful? MESSENGER. It is spoke freely out of many mouths- How probable I do not know- that Marcius, Join'd with Aufidius, leads a power 'gainst Rome, And vow
tch would be very welcome to Stapleton, and yet I have more than once caught a look of the strongest disapprobation in his face when Sir Henry has been paying some attention to h
ith't. CAMILLO. There is a sickness Which puts some of us in distemper; but I cannot name the disease; and it is caught Of you that yet are well. POLIXENES. How! caug
 dare to conceive the things which are really mere commonplaces of existence. If we could fly out of that window hand in hand, hover over this great city, gently remo
up Or, being open, put into his hands That knows no touch to tune the harmony. Within my mouth you have engaol'd my tongue, Doubly portcullis'd with my teeth and lips; An
n they will endure handling, which before would not abide looking on. KING HENRY. This moral ties me over to time and a hot summer; and so I shall catch the fly, your cousin,
d you trust me?" She put her hand in his without a word. "Well, then, listen to what I say, and do as I order you, for indeed it's the only way for us. Things are going to happen in
Omitting the sweet benefit of time To clothe mine age with angel-like perfection, Yet hath Sir Proteus, for that's his name, Made use and fair advantage of his days: His years but you
AMIENS. And I'll go seek the Duke; his banquet is prepar'd. Exeunt severally SCENE VI. The forest Enter ORLANDO and ADAM ADAM. Dear master, I can go no furth
sh for your life, A trespass that doth vex my grieved soul; But ere I last receiv'd the sacrament I did confess it, and exactly begg'd Your Grace's pardon; and I hope I had it. This is m
ds, And cannot passionate our tenfold grief With folded arms. This poor right hand of mine Is left to tyrannize upon my breast; Who, when my hear
 thoughts That blabb'd them with such pleasing eloquence Is torn from forth that pretty hollow cage, Where like a sweet melodious bird it sung Sweet varied 
 return'd with simular proof enough To make the noble Leonatus mad, By wounding his belief in her renown With tokens thus and thus; averr
 me at home; She dreamt tonight she saw my statue, Which, like a fountain with an hundred spouts, Did run pure blood, and many lusty Romans Came smiling and did bathe their hands in it. And th
epp'd thus far in, I will continue that I broach'd in jest. I can, Petruchio, help thee to a wife With wealth enough, and young and beauteous; Brought up as best becomes a gentle
Queen shall be acquainted Forthwith for what you come. Where's Gardiner? WOLSEY. I know your Majesty has always lov'd her So dear in heart not to deny her that A woman of l
u are mad; which is enough, I'll warrant, As this world goes, to pass for honest. LEONTES. Traitors! Will you not push her out? Give her the bas
r this chap, do you?" A sob and a squeeze of his hand was her only answer. "No; of course not. I shouldn't care to hear you say you did. He's a
 much more profitable than your own." The Thursday brought us another letter from our client. You will not be surprised, Mr. Holmes [said she] to hear that I am leaving Mr. Ca
gan-pipe, pronounc'd The name of Prosper; it did bass my trespass. Therefore my son i' th' ooze is bedded; and I'll seek him deeper than e'er plummet sounded, And with him there l
eace. Nurse. Yes, madam. Yet I cannot choose but laugh To think it should leave crying and say 'Ay.' And yet, I warrant, it bad upon it brow 
 Holmes. I think that you know as much as I do now--probably more. We have had inquiries made as to any stranger seen on the country roads or at the railway station.
not very strange; for my uncle is King of Denmark, and those that would make mows at him while my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats a
m which he had slipped, I was off as fast as I could run." "Who's Teddy?" asked Holmes. The man leaned over and pulled up the front of a kind of hutch in the corner. In an instant
the Cannibals that each other eat, The Anthropophagi, and men whose heads Do grow beneath their shoulders. This to hear Would Desdemona seriously incline; But still the house affairs would dr
ngth How goes our reck'ning? TIMON. To Lacedaemon did my land extend. FLAVIUS. O my good lord, the world is but a word; Were it all yours to give it in a bre
aths in death. PERDITA. O my poor father! The heaven sets spies upon us, will not have Our contract celebrated. LEONTES. You are married? FLORIZEL. We are not, sir, nor
Now, Ursula, when Beatrice doth come, As we do trace this alley up and down, Our talk must only be of Benedick. When I do name him, let it be thy part To praise him more than ever man did merit. M
 Sir, I am about to weep; but, thinking that We are a queen, or long have dream'd so, certain The daughter of a king, my drops of tears I'll turn to sparks of fire. WOLSEY. Be patient y
 for you: Hot lavender, mints, savory, marjoram; The marigold, that goes to bed wi' th' sun, And with him rises weeping; these are flow'rs Of middle summer, and I think they are given To men 
ut Reignier, King of Naples, that prevail'd. WARWICK. A married man! That's most intolerable. YORK. Why, here's a girl! I think she knows not well There were so many-whom she may accuse.
olmes hailed it. "How far to Wallington?" he asked. "Only about a mile, sir." "Very good. Jump in, Watson. We must strike while the iron is hot. Simple as the case is, there
 room in each case upon those who had first entered it. You will recollect that Mortimer Tregennis, in describing the episode of his last visit to his 
, however, promised to take tea in a friend's rooms, so I left the proof upon my desk. I was absent rather more than an hour. "You are aware, Mr. Holmes, that our college doors are double--a gre
e ears, so that no part of him was visible save his mobile and peaky face. "My health is somewhat fragile," he remarked, as he led the way down the 
m we could have rebuk'd him at Harfleur, but that we thought not good to bruise an injury till it were full ripe. Now we speak upon our cue, and our voice is imperial: England shall repent his folly,
e, and that we are endeavouring to prevent anything like public exposure of private matters which must necessarily follow when once the case is fairly in the h
ghts till then were levelled on my face; Each cheek a river running from a fount With brinish current downward flowed apace. O, how the channel to the stream gave grace! Who glazed 
was about to go downstairs again when I saw something that made me feel sickish, in spite of my twenty years' experience. From under the door there curled a little red ribbon o
 ancient; A man he is of honesty and trust. To his conveyance I assign my wife, With what else needful your good Grace shall think To be sent after me. DUKE. Let it be s
y chin Will quicken, and accuse thee. I am your host. With robber's hands my hospitable favours You should not ruffle thus. What will you do? Corn. Come, sir, what letters had you late from
 yet wear silk, drink wine, lie soft, Hug their diseas'd perfumes, and have forgot That ever Timon was. Shame not these woods By putting on the cunning of a carper. Be thou a flatterer 
ves. "Eglow, Eglonitz--here we are, Egria. It is in a German-speaking country--in Bohemia, not far from Carlsbad. 'Remarkable as being the scene of the death 
nquish'd be until Great Birnam Wood to high Dunsinane Hill Shall come against him. Descends. MACBETH. That will never be. Who can impress the forest, bid the tree Unfix his earth-bound root? 
ember, with advantages, What feats he did that day. Then shall our names, Familiar in his mouth as household words- Harry the King, Bedford and Exeter, Warwick and Talbot, S
t so poor a man as Hamlet is May do t' express his love and friending to you, God willing, shall not lack. Let us go in together; And still your fingers on your
to call back her appeal She intends unto his Holiness. KING. [Aside] I may perceive These cardinals trifle with me. I abhor This dilatory sloth and tricks of Rome. My learn'd and well-beloved s
thy majesty, which has My evils conjur'd to remembrance, and From thy admiring daughter took the spirits, Standing like stone with thee! PERDITA. And give me leave, And do not say 'tis 
's thumb-mark on corner,--probably postman. Best quality paper. Envelopes at sixpence a packet. Particular man in his stationery. No address. 'Be at the third pillar from the left outsid
ears Have I train'd up; those arts they have as Could put into them. My breeding was, sir, as Your Highness knows. Their nurse, Euriphile, Whom for the theft I wedded, stole these children Upon
madness speaks. It will but skin and film the ulcerous place, Whiles rank corruption, mining all within, Infects unseen. Confess yourself to heaven; Repent what's past; avoid what is to come; And
ight give him time to perpetrate some fresh atrocity." Thus pressed by us all, Holmes showed signs of irresolution. He continued to walk up and down the room with his head sunk on his chest and
had rather glib myself than they Should not produce fair issue. LEONTES. Cease; no more. You smell this business with a sense as cold As is a dead man's nose; but I do see't and feel't As you feel 
 ELBOW. Come your ways, sir; come. LUCIO. Go to kennel, Pompey, go. Exeunt ELBOW, POMPEY and OFFICERS What news, friar, of the Duke? DUKE. I know none. Can y
 Edg. Y'are much deceiv'd. In nothing am I chang'd But in my garments. Glou. Methinks y'are better spoken. Edg. C
 GHOST Of YOUNG PRINCE EDWARD, son to HENRY THE SIXTH GHOST. [To RICHARD] Let me sit heavy on thy soul to-morrow! Think how thou stabb'dst me in my prime of yo
 Of the part of England. BASTARD. Whither dost thou go? HUBERT. What's that to thee? Why may I not demand Of thine affa
 That ride upon the violent speed of fire, Fly with false aim; move the still-piecing air, That sings with piercing; do not touch my lord. Whoever shoots at him, I set him there; Who
 Thou rascal beadle, hold thy bloody hand! Why dost thou lash that whore? Strip thine own back. Thou hotly lusts to use her in that kind For which thou whip'st her. The usurer hangs the cozener. Thr
 as a lath and as brown as a nut." I gave him a short sketch of my adventures, and had hardly concluded it by the time that we reached our destination.
 from me, as if ruin Leap'd from his eyes; so looks the chafed lion Upon the daring huntsman that has gall'd him- Then makes him no
 have one too, And not till then. HORTENSIO. [Aside] That will not be in haste. KATHERINA. Why, sir, I trust I may have leave to speak; And
 in the air. "Good Lord!" he cried, "while I have been fooled in this way, what has this other Hall Pycroft been doing at Mawson's? What should we do, Mr. Holmes? Tell me w
 lives. Why do you dress me In borrow'd robes? ANGUS. Who was the Thane lives yet, But under heavy judgement bears that life Which he deserves to lose. Whe
 make the man mad, to make a woman of him. KATHERINA. Young budding virgin, fair and fresh and sweet, Whither away, or where is thy abode? Happy the par
 most nearly appertains to us both. I think our father will hence to-night. Reg. That's most certain, and with you; next month with us. Gon. You see how full of changes his age is. The obse
 of that interrupted message. At the doorway of the Howe Street flats a man, muffled in a cravat and greatcoat, was
 sea, Being prepar'd for land. ANTONY. By sea, by sea. ENOBARBUS. Most worthy sir, you therein throw away The absolute soldiership you
 she? GLOUCESTER. What, marry, may she? Marry with a king, A bachelor, and a handsome stripling too. Iwis your grandam had a worser match. QUEEN ELIZABETH. My Lord of Gloucester, I have too long b
 that a blow should fall upon us without warning which would destroy us all. I have information that the most powerful an
 that a medical board determined that not a day should be lost in sending me back to England. I was dispatched, accordingly, in the troopship Orontes, and landed a month later on Por
 that grieve him! Some griefs are med'cinable; that is one of them, For it doth physic love- of his content, All but in that. Good wax, thy leave. Blest be You bees that make these locks of coun
 that line. You said ten miles, I think, sir." "It was an hour's good drive." "And you think that they brought you back all that way 
 that occasion, to explain the emotion which he had shown, that he confided to my keeping that narrative whic
 that she had written a note before leaving home but after being fully dressed. You observed that her right glove was torn at the for
 that the sleeping man should stir; for 'tis The royal disposition of that beast To prey on nothing that doth seem as dead. This seen, Orlando did approach the man,
 that to make a man? I know enough of law to understand that Mary would be had as accomplice. Do you think 
 that way; but nobody but has his fault; but let that pass. Peter Simple you say your name is? SIMPLE. Ay, for faul
 to th' smallest teen, Or any of my leisures ever charmed. Harm have I done to them, but ne'er was harmed; Kept hearts in liveries, but mine ow
 were audible to the listeners. The lady's, on the other hand, were most bitter, and when she raised her voice could be plainly heard. 'You coward!' she 
 what occurred. Finally, after the death of Tregennis, you withdrew as you had come. Now, Dr. Sterndale, how do you justify such conduct, and what were the mot
 will fix him before he can do any harm. See here, Morris, will you leave this thing in my hands?" "Sure
 will then see the fruits of the sport, mark his first approach before my lady. He will come to her in yellow stockings, and 'tis a colour she abhor
 with the energy of the hunter who is at the very heels of his quarry. The lamp, which was an ordinary standard, he examined with m
 with thee Now fills thy sleep with perturbations. To-morrow in the battle think on me, And fall thy ed
 your ladyship must cut your hair. JULIA. No, girl; I'll knit it up in silken strings With twenty odd-conceited tr
 your own conscience, sir, before Polixenes Came to your court, how I was in your grace, How merited to be so; since he came, With what encounter so uncurrent I Have strain'd t' appear thus; if
 your predecessors have, Your honour with your form. CORIOLANUS. It is a part That I shall blush in acting, and might well Be taken from the people. B
, And found such fair assistance in my verse, As every alien pen hath got my use, And under thee their poesy disperse. Thine eyes, that ta
, and I could hear him. At last he outs into the passage, and he cries, 'Is that man never goin' to come?' Those were his very words, sir. 'You'll only need to wait a little lon
, and jumping out of his chair, he ran into the house. He was back in a moment, and I smelt a strong reek of brandy as he pa
, and then to the Church of St. Monica in the Edgeware Road. Half a guinea if you do it in twenty minutes!' "Away they went, and I was just wondering whether I should not do well 
. The heaviest and the worst Is your displeasure with the King. WOLSEY. God bless him! CROMWELL. The next is that Sir Thomas More is chosen Lord Chance
. The platform before the Castle. Enter Hamlet, Horatio, and Marcellus. Ham. The air bites shrewdly; it is very cold. Hor. It is 
ATRA. Th'art an honest man. MESSENGER. Caesar and he are greater friends than ever. CLEOPATRA. Make thee a fortune fr
MOTH. As swift as lead, sir. ARMADO. The meaning, pretty ingenious? Is not lead a metal heavy, dull, and slow? MOTH. Minime, honest master; or rathe
SILVIA, attended Gentlewoman, good day! I pray you be my mean To bring me where to speak with Madam Silvia. SILVIA. What would you with
arry, Harry, 'tis no land of thine; Thy place is fill'd, thy sceptre wrung from thee, Thy balm wash'd off wherewith thou wast anointed. No bending knee will c
chio. Dog. Pray write down Borachio. Yours, sirrah? Con. I am a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade
d and massive mould, was now pinched and fallen in, while his hair seemed to me at least a shade whiter. He entered 
dier, you must come to the King. KING HENRY. Soldier, why wear'st thou that glove in thy cap? WILLIAMS. An't
e has been justified of his wisdom up to date, at any rate, since he has not been taken. But his description--what of that?" MacDonald referred to his notebook. "Here we have it so far as th
e will, we will! Laer. I thank you. Keep the door. [Exeunt his Followers.] O thou vile king, Give me my fath
ester that would enter. WOODVILLE. [Within] Have patience, noble Duke, I may not open; The Cardinal of Winchester forbids. From him I have express commandment That thou nor none of thine s
f the Barrel The Baker Street Irregulars A Break in the Chain The End of the Islander The Great Agra 
f the change in the obliquity of the ecliptic, came round at last to the question of atavism and hereditar
f the last of the bitterns." "It's the weirdest, strangest thing that ever I heard in my life." "Yes, it's rather an uncanny place altogether
f the maids and wives, Cold statues of the youth; and, in a word, Scare Troy out of itself. But, march away; Hector is dead; there is no more to say. Stay yet. You vile abominab
have in the morning. As the evening wore on his excitement became quite painful. "You have implicit faith in Holmes?" he asked. "I have seen him do some remarkable things." "But he never bro
ht him. Where's Bardolph? PAGE. He's gone into Smithfield to buy your worship horse. FALSTAFF. I bought him in Paul's, and he'll buy me a horse in Smith
it. I feel it. I don't want to argue about that. A man can tell easily enough when a woman loves him. But there's this secret between us, and we can never be the same until it is
n his nose, let them coin his cheeks. I'll not pay a denier. What, will you make a younker of me? Sha
nesday, and then come again. On Wednesday it was still unfinished, so I hammered away until Friday--that is, yesterday. Then I brought it round to Mr. Harry Pinner. "'Thank y
nister. It was at his suggestion that we have both come to you." "Have you informed the police?" "No, sir," said the Prime Minister, with the quick, decisi
nsom'd. WILLIAMS. Ay, he said so, to make us fight cheerfully; but when our throats are cut he may be ransom'd, and we ne'er the wiser. KING HENRY. If
on? What is't to me when you yourselves are cause, If your pure maidens fall into the hand Of hot and forcing violation? Wh
oneril, [Edmund the] Bastard, and Servants. Corn. [to Goneril] Post speedily to my lord your husband, show him thi
s head, bearing a long white wand, as High Steward. With him, the DUKE OF NORFOLK, with the rod of marshalship, a coronet on his head.
t she would faint. Then with a grand effort she rallied from the shock, and a supreme astonishment and indignation chased every other expression from 
t the fury of the man, one more wicked or, it may be, more drunken than the rest, cried out that they should put the hounds upon her. Whereat Hugo ran from t
t them a place of meeting, wherein it is at our pleasure to fail; and then will they adventure upon the exploit themselves; whi
th my teeth my bonds in sunder, I gain'd my freedom, and immediately Ran hither to your Grace; whom I beseech To give me ample satisfaction For these deep shames and great indignities. ANGE
their local bosses, but it only means that others will be sent in their stead. And we are making it dangerous for o
utus, like himself. ANTONY. This is not Brutus, friend, but, I assure you, A prize no less in worth. Keep this man safe, Give him all kindness; I h
t I am the king of courtesy; and tell me flatly I am no proud Jack like Falstaff, but a Corinthian, a l
, I'll learn to conjure and raise devils, but I'll see some issue of my spiteful execrations. Then there's Achilles, a rare engineer! If Troy be not taken till t
t Parisians do revolt And turn again unto the warlike French. ALENCON. Then march to Paris, royal Charles o
e Queen, Who crown'd the gracious Duke in high despite, Laugh'd in his face; and when with grief he wept, The ruthless Queen gave him to dry his 
, That takes away by any secret course Thy hateful life. CONSTANCE. O, lawful let it be That I have room with Rome to curse awhile! Good father Cardinal, cry
? The gates shall then be open'd. [He descends] GLOUCESTER. A wise stout captain, and soon persuaded! HASTINGS. The good old man would fain that all were well, So 'twere not long of him; b
, and two pieces go off. What does this mean, my lord? Ham. The King doth wake to-night and takes his rouse, Keeps wassail, a
h as white as whales-bone; And consciences that will not die in debt Pay him the due of 'honey-tongued Boyet.' KI
I bear that too, well, very well; But there, where I have garner'd up my heart, Where either I must live or bear no life; 
s dear dear land, Dear for her reputation through the world, Is now leas'd out-I die pronouncing it- Like to a tenement or pelting farm
n have a measure to the health of black Othello. CASSIO. Not tonight, good Iago. I have very poor and unhappy brains for drinking. I could well wish courtesy would inve
I have been-for I feel The last fit of my greatness-good your Graces, Let me have time and counsel for my 
I have my right, or no? A thousand men have broke their fasts to-day That ne'er shall dine unless thou yield the crown. WARWICK. If thou deny, th
t his scrap-books, his chemicals, and his homely untidiness, he was an uncomfortable man. He shrugged his shoulders in u
u more griev'd than I am. ROSALIND. I have more cause. CELIA. Thou hast not, cousin. Prithee be cheerful. Know'st thou not the Duke
d of interest and even of instruction." I seated myself in his armchair and warmed my hands before his crackling fire, for a sh
y sound. It was at this instant that my unfortunate husband entered the room. He had evidently heard some suspicious sounds, and
w that I would do what I said--that his own fate was involved in mine. For that reason and for no other he shielded 
f that it had never reached her, I made a note of the milliner's address, and felt that by calling ther
d the extreme darkness he missed his path and walked over the edge of one of the small landing-places for river steamboats. The body exhibited no traces of 
, the oldest sister would, of course, be Miss Cushing, and although her initial was 'S' it might belong to one of the others as well. In that case we should have to commence our
t the opening of the fardel, heard the old shepherd deliver the manner how he found it; whereupon, after a little a
e the train reached the station. There was dense fog, however, and nothing could be seen. He made no report of it at the time. Why, whatever is the matter with Mr. Holmes?" My
s them who won't have the drains seed to, though the very last tenant what lived in one of them died o' typhoid fever. I was knocked all in a heap therefore at seeing a light in the window, and I s
e thou shalt vow By that same god- what god soe'er it be That thou adorest and hast in reverence- To save my boy, to nourish and bring him up; Or else I will d
I will entertain them. Fellow, wilt thou bestow thy time with me? STRATO. Ay, if Messala will prefer me to you. OCTAVIUS. Do so, good Mes
t will tell you the whole queer business, and when I have done so you will admit, I am sure, that there has been enough to excuse me." But his narrative was nipped in the bud. There was a bustle 
e your charge too willingly. I think this is your daughter. Leon. Her mother hath many times told me so. Bene. Were you in doub
." "In heaven's name, what for?" "In search of the body of Lady St. Simon." Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his chair and laughed heartily. 
f, and I pulled after them. I could see the blur of their craft, but they were going nearly as fast as I, and they must have been a long mile from the shore before I caught them up. The haze was 
t. She is the daintiest thing under a bonnet on this planet. So say the Serpentine-mews, to a man. She lives quietly, sings at concerts, drives out at five every day, and returns at seven shar
INIUS. Especially in pride. BRUTUS. And topping all others in boasting. MENENIUS. This is strange now. Do you two know how you are censured here in the city- 
ped up and there was the branded mark of the lodge upon his forearm. See here!" The man whom we had known as Douglas turned up his o
ell be spar'd. PROVOST. I crave your honour's pardon. What shall be done, sir, with the groaning Juliet? 
ime they did it that they should stop these disgraceful exhibitions. The County Constabulary is in a scandalous state, sir, and it has not afforded me the protecti
in his heart, Whereon his brains still beating puts him thus From fashion of himself. What think you on't? Pol. It sh
ns of the manager. He stood now gazing with great reverence at the famous detective. "Let me have the Hotel Directory," said Holmes. "Thank you! Now, Cartwright, there are the names of twenty-
es from London?" said he. A look of annoyance passed over Holmes's face. "What makes you think such a thing?" "Because Inspector Martin from No
ke her. Claud. Thou thinkest I am in sport. I pray thee tell me truly how thou lik'st her. Bene. Would you 
et into your horse." Holmes threw the reins into my lap and sprang down from the cart. "You're the man we want to see. Where is Miss Violet Smith?" he said, in his quick,
e, its black muzzle buried in Rucastle's throat, while he writhed and screamed upon the ground. Running up, I blew its brains out,
om mine own knowledge. As nearly as I may, I'll play the penitent to you; but mine honesty Shall not make poor my greatness, nor my power Work without it. Truth is, th
is more than a suspicion." "And yet I cannot see anything save very vague indications." "On the contrary, to my mind nothing could be more clear. Let me run over the pr
r, of this blue stone of the Countess of Morcar's?" "It was Catherine Cusack who told me of it," said he
rn that Mr. Lestrade and Mr. Gregson, of Scotland Yard, are both engaged upon the case, and it is confidently anticipated that these well-known officers will speedily th
er that hypothesis will lead us. And now here is my pocket Petrarch, and not another word shall I say of this case until we are on the scene of action. We lunch at Swindon, and I see that we sh
aw the fellow as he gained the road, but lost sight of him at once. Mr. Alec stopped to see if he could help the dying man, and so the villain got clean away. Beyond the fact that he w
on the left--here, beside the laurel bushes! Ah, I said so!" As he spoke a woman's shrill scream--a scre
en with a treacherous fine of all your lives. If Lewis by your assistance win the day. Commend me to one Hubert, with your King; The love of him-and this respect be
ed with faith unto your flesh. I gave my love a ring, and made him swear Never to part with it, and here he stands; I dare be sworn for him he would not leave it Nor pluck it from h
at your Moor and you Are singled forth to try thy experiments. Jove shield your husband from his hounds to-day! 'Tis pity they should take him for a stag. BASSIANUS. B
to your countenance-glad or sorry As I saw it inclin'd. When was the hour I ever contradicted your desire Or made it not mine too? Or which of your fr
ht your marriage fit; else imputation, For that he knew you, might reproach your life, And choke your good to com
ow! You cataracts and hurricanoes, spout Till you have drench'd our steeples, drown'd the cocks! You sulph'rou
ou, and afterwards from your gesture, that Miss Rucastle was perfectly happy, and that she no longer desired 
rs, and betrothed lovers, That shall be swallowed in this controversy. This is his claim, his threat'ning, and my message; Unless the Dauphin be in presence here,
as, and thought I stood engag'd; but when I had subscrib'd To mine own fortune, and inform'd her fully I could not answer in that course of honour As she had made the
ls, and then added some drops of a transparent fluid. In an instant the contents assumed a dull mahogany colour, and a brownish du
an, the square, massive face, the brooding eyes under the thatched brows, and the granite moulding of the inflex
ny," I answered. "It seems to me, Stamford," I added, looking hard at my companion, "that you have some reason for washing your hands of the matter. Is this f
FF. Come, let me pour in some sack to the Thames water; for my belly's as cold as if I had swallow'd snowballs for pills to cool the reins. Call her in. BARDOLPH. Come in, woman. 
f all their conference. If she find him not, To England send him; or confine him where Your wisdom best shall think. King. It
ure for London. He then, by a specious argument, prevented her from going, and so had the chance for which he had waited. "Driving back in the evening from Coombe Tracey he wa
ager of Harding Brothers has to say to the matter." The founder of that great emporium proved to be a brisk, crisp little person, very dapper and quick, with a clear head and a ready tongue
ound them in the course of years. That is where the rare plants and the butterflies are, if you have the wit to reach them." "I shall try my luck some day." He looked at me with a surp
ghter; but 'tis no matter; better a little chiding than a great deal of heartbreak. MRS. FORD. Where is Nan now, and her troop of fairies, and the Welsh devil, Hugh? 
hen I'll tell her plain She sings as sweetly as a nightingale. Say that she frown; I'll say she looks as clear As morni
.>> SCENE: England and France ACT I. SCENE I. London. The Parliament House Alarum. Enter DUKE OF YORK, EDWARD
est and his hands clasped behind him. To me, who knew his every mood and habit, his attitude and manner told their own 
pe, cigar, and cigarette tobacco. Having found the ash, I then looked round and discovered the stump among the moss where he had tossed i
the death, But thy unkindness shall his death draw out To ling'ring sufferance. Answer me to-morrow, Or,
 we each held a secret which might have put each of us in a palace if we could only have made use of it. It 
 is false, and that I dare not, falser: I will not come today. Tell them so, Decius. CALPURNIA. Say he is sick. CAESAR. Shall Caesar send a lie? Have I in conquest stretch'd mine ar
'll find they've started in to monkey with the wrong man unless they are careful. By thunder, if that chap can't find my missing boot there will be trouble. I can take a j
Let me go, I say. ORLANDO. I will not, till I please; you shall hear me. My father charg'd you in his will to give me good education: you h
n a more beautiful picture; the more attractive for its contrast with the sordid and gloomy surroundings. A lovely violet growing upon one of those black slag-heaps of the mines w
ord of the doings of Mr. Sherlock Holmes would be complete which did not include some account of this very unusual affair. During the first week of July my friend had been absent so often
ent that Mr. Soames's back was turned you released the man who was hiding in that bedroom." Bannister licked his dry l
ble that anyone who wore such glasses could be slatternly in other respects. You will find that the clips are too wide for your nose, showi
say that my friend and I have listened to a good many strange secrets in this room, and that we have had the good fortune to bring peace to many troubled so
 at that rate. In the second one which I visited in Northumberland Avenue, I learned by an inspection of the book that Francis H. Moulton, an American gentleman, had left only the day before, 
'He that thou knowest thine, HAMLET.' Come, I will give you way for these your letters, And do't the speedier that you may di
 on the back of his head a fatal objection to this, as he might have turned to avoid the blow. No information could be got from the 
led the woman that I loved. Well, gentlemen, I was standing with her just inside the window, in all innocence, as Heaven is my judge, when h
for they never prick their finger but they say 'There's some of the King's blood spilt.' 'How comes that?' says he that takes upon him not to conceive. The answer is as ready as a borrower's cap: 
ing was arrived at. I, therefore, waited for fresh material. In my second interview with Mr. Hilton Cubitt he was able to give me two other shor
ow, with flaming top Stoops to his base, and with a hideous crash Takes prisoner Pyrrhus' ear. For lo! his sword, Which was declining on the milky 
hot with premature grey, and her expression was weary and haggard. Sherlock Holmes ran her over with one of his quick, all-comprehensive glances. "You must not fear," said he soothingly, bending
een, And my imaginations are as foul As Vulcan's stithy. Give him heedful note; For I mine eyes will rivet to his face, And after we will both our judgments join In censure of his seeming. Hor
ell, our brother. LEONTES. Tongue-tied, our Queen? Speak you. HERMIONE. I had thought, sir, to have held my peace until You had drawn oaths f
tte, the dainty pink which lurks at the heart of the sulphur rose. Admiration was, I repeat, the first impression. But the second was criticism. There was something subtly wrong with t
ubs: The Anglo-Indian, the Tankerville, the Bagatelle Card Club. On the margin was written, in Holmes's precise hand: The second most dangerous ma
dare not speak. I'll call for pen and ink, and write my mind. Fie, de la Pole! disable not thyself; Hast not a tongue? Is s
 "If he was his confederate why should he carry his photograph?" I asked. "As a means of tracing him if he wished to inquire about him from any third person. That was the obvious reason. Well, af
 inform'd-with new opinions, Divers and dangerous; which are heresies, And, not reform'd, may prove pernicious. GARDINER. Which refo
'tis his fashion. BRUTUS. I'll know his humor when he knows his time. What should the wars do with these jigging fools? Companion, hence! CASSIUS. Away, away, be gone! Exit Po
hose That wear those colours on them. What art thou That counterfeit'st the person of a king? King. The King himself
doth claim the crown from John of Gaunt, The fourth son: York claims it from the third. Till Lionel's issue fails, his sh
a is excelling; She excels each mortal thing Upon the dull earth dwelling. 'To her let us garlands bring. HOST. How now, are you sadder than you were before? How do you, man? Th
tant from his face. His features became tense and alert. "Have you come from Holmes?" he asked. "I have just left him." "What about 
ch I have listened to for some time. You have heard me remark that the strangest and most unique things are very often connecte
e of his brow. His weight is against his being a sapper. He is in the artillery." "Then, of course, his complete m
lves laugh, to set on some quantity of barren spectators to laugh too, though in the mean time some necessary question of the play be t
th a mighty power landed at Milford Is colder tidings, yet they must be told. KING RICHARD. Away towards Salisbury! While we reason here A royal battle might be won and lost. Some one take order Bu
d be more conclusive. Mrs. Browner's house had been closed for more than three days, and the neighbours were of opinion that she had gone south to see her relatives. It had b
sure of that danger is the rigour of their precautions. The man, who has some work which he must do, desi
that sense did make their repair, To feel only looking on fairest of fair. Methought all his senses were lock'd in his eye, As jewels in crystal for some prince to buy; Who
ome, side by side together live and die; And soul with soul from France to heaven fly. Exeunt SCENE 6.
hen, that it will. LAUNCE. Thou shalt never get such a secret from me but by a parable. SPEED. 'Tis well that I get it so. But, Launce, how say'st thou that my master is become a not
mber that on hearing the sound of the quarrel she descended and returned with the other servants. On that first occasion, when she was alone, she say
knew that the hound was being kept in the out-house on the evening that Sir Henry was coming to dinner. She taxed her husband with his intended crime, and a furious scene followed, in which he
fear the fruits of the past, but rather to be circumspect in the future, that those foul passions whereby our family has suffered so gri
 out the notes which give me the exact details of the case and to lay the narrative before my readers. It was, then, in the sprin
s in the silent gorges, and startled the weary horses into a gallop. As the sun rose slowly above the eastern hori
iss; therefore, patiently and yielding. [Kissing her] You have witchcraft in your lips, Kate: there is more eloquence in a sugar touch of 
 you this at over-night, She might have been o'er ta'en; and yet she writes Pursuit would be but vain. COUNTESS. What angel shall Bless this unworthy husband? He cannot
 bad upon it brow A bump as big as a young cock'rel's stone; A perilous knock; and it cried bitterly. 'Yea,' quoth my husband, 'fall'st upon thy face? Thou wilt fall backward w
her' with the 'knife,' He stretch'd him, and, with one hand on his dagger, Another spread on's breast, mou
ords with that Which is so serious. Let us bury him, And not protract with admiration what Is now due debt. To th' grave. ARVIRAGUS. Say, where shall's lay hi
mong your guests tonight. MACBETH. So shall I, love, and so, I pray, be you. Let your remembrance apply to Banquo; Present him eminence, both with eye and tongue: Unsafe the while, that we Must
take your rest, And watch your safety. ALONSO. Thank you-wondrous heavy! [ALONSO sleeps. Exit ARIEL] SEBASTIAN. What a strange drowsiness
ons." "We are the Mormons," answered his companions with one voice. "And where are you going?" "We do not know. The hand of God is leading us under the pe
 you, How youngly he began to serve his country, How long continued; and what stock he springs of- The noble hou
-end, and he offered me a hundred a year, which was certainly splendid pay. So it ended by my accepting, and I went down to Chiltern Grange, about six miles from Farnham. Mr. Carruthers was a widowe
hers, and thine, and Margaret's. Therefore, at last, I firmly am resolv'd You shall have aid. QUEEN MARGARET. L
eler, and we shall be off at once." He opened the table-drawer as he spoke, and I noticed that he slipped his revolver into his pocket. "Yes," said he, 
dded, to show that I followed his reasoning. "It is very customary for pawnbrokers in England, when they take a watch, to scratch the numb
 make the "not" eternal. You shall hear I am run away; know it before the report come. If there be breadth enough in the world, I will hold a long di
force you not to evils; And, as we hear you do reform yourselves, We will, according to your strengths and qualities, Give you advancement. Be it your charge, my 
my death. HELENA. Never did mockers waste more idle breath. DEMETRIUS. Lysander, keep thy Hermia; I will none. If e'er I lov'd her, all that love is 
 been all this while asleep; Farewell to thee too, Strato. Countrymen, My heart doth joy that yet in all my life I found no man but he wa
ir in my own old room, and only wishing that I could have seen my old friend Watson in the other chai
 upon the mud-bank, with her bow in the air and her stern flush with the water. The fugitive sprang out, but his stump instantly sank its whole length into the sodden soil. In vain 
wears his honour in a box unseen That hugs his kicky-wicky here at home, Spending his manly marrow in her arms, Which should sustain the bound and high curvet Of Mars's fiery steed. To ot
self; That is, were I under the terms of death, Th' impression of keen whips I'd wear as rubies, And strip myself to death as to a bed That longing have been sick for, ere I'd yiel
ercy, and he wandered about and did what he chose in it. The maids complained of his drunken habits and his vile language. The dad raised their wages 
could have been better. It is all right." "You have the photograph?" "I know where it is." "And how did you find out?" "She showed me, as I told you she
d and my hair bristled at that horrible scream. As I turned I caught a glimpse of a convulsed face and frantic eyes. I stood paralyzed, with the little box in my han
 told that he was an excellent cyclist. He would not do this if he did not see that the boy had some swift means of escape." "The other bicycle." "Let us contin
on Is that his noble Grace would have some pity Upon my wretched women that so long Have follow'd both my fortunes faithfully; Of which there is not one, I dare avow- And now I should not lie-bu
, And there the strawy Greeks, ripe for his edge, Fall down before him like the mower's swath. Here, there, and everywhere, he leaves and t
'd as thou art, will lead thee on To gather from thee. Haply thou mayst inform Something to save thy life. PAROLLES. O, let me live, And all the secrets of our
ident to the ear. Seven white faces, all turned upward to this man who dominated them, were set motionless with utter terror. Then, with a sudden shivering of glass, a b
s due to the fact that I have never wasted money, and I do not propose to begin to do so now. As to those papers with which you are making so free, I may tell you that in case there should
ed, I will away; For this will out, and then I must not stay. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROV
lease you, sir, be gone? I told you what would come of this. Beseech you, Of your own state take care. This dream of mine- Being now awake, I'l
 mind. MRS. FORD. Well, I do, then; yet, I say, I could show you to the contrary. O Mistress Page, give me some counsel. MRS.
ERSET. Thy sumptuous buildings and thy wife's attire Have cost a mass of public treasury. BUCKINGHAM. Thy cruelty in execution Upon offenders hath exceeded law, And left th
nd what they are that must Be hostages for Rome. FIRST SOLDIER. Will not you go? AUFIDIUS. I am attended at the cypress grove; I pray you- 'Tis south the city 
ght we had news that the couple had been hunted down in Liverpool, and they prove to have no connection whatever with the ma
 above the ground floor, while the plaster was peeling off the walls, and the damp was breaking through in green, unhealthy blotches. I tried to put on as unconcerned an air as possible, but I 
gh thing that he should call for you, knowing the Foreign Office well, upon his way. When I heard that some one had been so anxious to get into the bedroom, in which no on
and black stripes. 6. Lord Singleford's Rasper. Purple cap. Black sleeves. "We scratched our other one, and put all hopes on your word," said the Colonel. "Why, what is that? Silver Blaze favorite
ent in the huddled bundle upon the deck. It straightened itself into a little black man--the smallest I have ever seen--with a great, misshapen head and a shock of tangled, dishevel
s upon the present evidence, and yours is as likely to be correct as mine." "You have formed one, then?" "I think that it is not difficult to explain the facts. It came out i
e o'er his aery tow'rs To souse annoyance that comes near his nest. And you degenerate, you ingrate revolts, You bloody Neroes, ripping up the w
 assure us that the case before us might well be worthy of the expert's closest attention. He brightened and rubbed his thin hands together as 
 sides the leaf, margent and all, That he was fain to seal on Cupid's name. ROSALINE. That was the way to make his godhead wax; For he hat
grew'st thyself. BELARIUS. O melancholy! Who ever yet could sound thy bottom? find The ooze to show what coast thy sluggish crare Might'st easiliest harbour in? Thou blessed thin
e bust was destroyed." Lestrade looked about him. "It was an empty house, and so he knew that he wou
bt. But there are curious and suggestive details about the case, Watson." "That he should appear only at that point?" "Exactly. Our first effort must be to find who are th
 part; The Duke of Alencon flieth to his side. EXETER. The Dauphin crowned king! all fly to him! O, whither shall we fly from this reproach? GLOUCESTER. We will n
ath no beard. Beat. What should I do with him? dress him in my apparel and make him my waiting gentlewoman? He that hath a beard i
ms and cross-bars at the bottom. In and out through the open woodwork was woven a crimson cord, which was secured at each side to the crosspiece below. In r
r show doth better; this doth infer the zeal I had to see him. SHALLOW. It doth so. FALSTAFF. It shows my earnestness of
r only fault, and that is faults enough, Is- that she is intolerable curst, And shrewd and froward so beyond all measure That, were my state far worser than it is, I would not wed h
sir; I have no pheasant, cock nor hen. AUTOLYCUS. How blessed are we that are not simple men! Yet nature might have made me as these are, Therefore I will not disdain. C
 brave judge. Prince. Thou judgest false already. I mean, thou shalt have the hanging of the thieves and so become a rare hangman. Fa
nd sin that amends is but patch'd with virtue. If that this simple syllogism will serve, so; if it will not, wh
to say that the presentation was on the occasion of the change?" "It certainly seems probable." "Now, you will observe that he could not have been on 
ld you that your pains were wasted." "Ha!" said Holmes, looking keenly at her. "It is clear that Mrs. Toller knows more about this matter than anyone else." "Ye
ine at the door of the hut, his shoulders stooping, his head thrust forward, his face peering into the darkness. "Hush!"
ory of the man came back to me in a flash. He had made his name as the most lewd and bloodthirsty tyrant that had ever governed any country with a p
I like the wear well. PAROLLES. I am so full of business I cannot answer thee acutely. I will return perfect courtier; in the which my instruction shall serve to naturali
" "How very absurd! I never noticed that before." "Very strange!" muttered Holmes, pulling at the rope. "There are one or two very singular po
having very queerly, and he is very much excited." "I don't think you need alarm yourself," said I. "I h
party, were sitting in the sheets working out our position and planning what coast we should make for. It was a nice question, for the Cape de Verds were about five hundred miles to the no
if you will have a little patience it will be found." "Mind it is, for it's the last thing of mine that I'll lose in this den of thieves. Well, well, Mr. Holmes, you'll excuse my troubl
back'd with the hardy Welshmen, Is in the field, and still his power increaseth. KING RICHARD. Ely with Richmond troubles me more nea
d with your blood and it I'll make a paste; And of the paste a coffin I will rear, And make two pasties of your shameful
art of your narrative, except that you brought your own rope. That I did not know. By the way, I had hoped that Tonga had lost all his darts; yet he managed to shoot one at
its of your own country, be out of love with your nativity, and almost chide God for making you that countenance you are; or 
l wear your warmest coats. It is of the first importance that we should be in our places before it grows dark; so with your permission we shall get started at once." We passed along the outer bounds
chmond, and fourteen other places. In three of them--East Ham, Leicester, and Liverpool--there is a clear case against him, and he has actually been arrested. The country seems to be full o
 socks, and his open coat disclosed a night-shirt beneath it. It was undoubtedly the German master. Holmes turned the body over reverently, and examined 
e face, and over it two dark eyes--eyes full of grief and shame and a dreadful questioning--stared back at us. In a minute we had torn off the gag, unswathed the bonds, and Mrs. Stapleton sank up
s more. The news, Rogero? SECOND GENTLEMAN. Nothing but bonfires. The oracle is fulfill'd: the King's d
h them. You can reconstruct the scene well enough. You saw the horrible den upstairs, where the poor lady had been kept so long. They rushe
n these gone; Let them affright thee. I beseech thee, youth, But not another sin upon my head By urging me to fury. O, be gone! By heaven, I love thee better than myself, For I come hithe
n which her sister had met with her fate. It was a homely little room, with a low ceiling and a gaping fireplace, after the fashion of old country-houses.
n we in our viciousness grow hard- O misery on't!- the wise gods seel our eyes, In our own filth drop our clear judgments, make us Adore our errors, laugh at'
uteness and energy of Mr. Gregson of Scotland Yard. Sherlock Holmes and I read these notices over together at 
r head. MRS. PAGE. Quick, quick; we'll come dress you straight. Put on the gown the while. Exit FALSTAFF MRS. FORD. I would my husban
chasing Teddy, who had run up the curtain. When I got him into his box, from which he had slipped, I was off as fast as I could run." "Who's Teddy?" asked Holmes. The man leaned over and pulle
y son's blood cleaving to my blade Shall rust upon my weapon, till thy blood, Congeal'd with this, do make me wipe off both. Exit 
I shall ever regard as the best and the wisest man whom I have ever known. THE RETURN OF SHERLOCK HOLMES THE A
ter all have a last word of greeting from my friend and comrade. I have said that his Alpine-stock had been left leaning against a
us ears have already, I have little doubt, caught the clink of our horse's feet." "But why are you not conducting th
an with her head on her hands, peeping at you sideways." "That painting was by Jean Baptiste Greuze." The inspector endea
th her, my lord, what then? DUKE. O, then unfold the passion of my love, Surprise her with discourse of 
 he may stay him! Marry, not without the Prince be willing; for indeed the watch ought to offend no man, and it is an offence to stay a man against his will. Verg.
do more than battery can To our fast-closed gates; for at this match With swifter spleen than powder can enforce, The mouth of passage shall we fling wide ope 
u seest that I no issue have, And that my fainting words do warrant death. Thou art my heir; the rest I wish thee gather; But yet be wary in thy studious care. PLANTAGENET. Thy grave admoni
M- why, that begins my name. FABIAN. Did not I say he would work it out? The cur is excellent at faults. MALVOLIO. M- But then there is no consonancy in the sequel; that suffers under probation: A
ess was that he should have been deceived by her. "It only remains to indicate the part which she had played throughout. There can be no doubt that Stapleton exercised an influence ov
 lay on that shall make your shoulders crack. AUSTRIA. What cracker is this same that deafs our ears With this abundance of superfluous breath? King Philip, determine wh
declare that we were so already before we embarked upon so wild an experiment. I confess that I never imagined that the effect could be so sudden and so se
inutely the cracks between the boards. Then he did the same with the wood-work with which the chamber was panelled. Finally he walked over to the bed and spent some time in staring at it and in
d think thee worthy of an empress' love. Know then, I here forget all former griefs, Cancel all grudge, repeal thee home again, Plead a new state 
rtainly thou art so near the gulf Thou needs must be englutted. Besides, in mercy, The constable desires thee thou wilt mind Thy followers of repentance, that their souls
 And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night And pay no worship t
e world with my legs forward. Had I not reason, think ye, to make haste And seek their ruin that usurp'd our right? The midwife wonder'd; and the women cried 'O, Jesus bless us, he is born with t
r; stay with me awhile; I am to break with thee of some affairs That touch me near, wherein thou must
lightly with your wife's first gift, A thing stuck on with oaths upon your finger And so riveted wit
liff, he had endeavoured to succeed where his comrade had failed. "I did not take long to think about it, Watson. Again I saw t
r; Since you are dear bought, I will love you dear. But let me hear the letter of your friend. BASSANIO. [Reads] 'Sweet Bassanio, my ships ha
"Now, let us calmly define our position, Watson," he continued as we skirted the cliffs together. "Let us get a firm grip of the very little whic
en we in our viciousness grow hard- O misery on't!- the wise gods seel our eyes, In our own filth drop our clear judgments, make us Adore our errors, laugh at's while we strut To our c
cile. On the very day that I had come to this conclusion, I was standing at the Criterion Bar, when some one tapped me on the shoulder, and turning round I recognized young Sta
rms round her, but at that moment her knees seemed to give way and she fell to the ground. She writhed as one who is in terrible pain, and her limbs were dreadfully convulsed. At firs
h are at the present moment upon your feet. At the vicarage you passed through the orchard and the side hedge, coming out under the win
 do next. To follow them and break into their intimate conversation seemed to be an outrage, and yet my clear duty was never for an instant to let him out of my sight. To act the spy upon a f
he Duke: Jove sometime went disguis'd, and why not I? LIEUTENANT. But Jove was never slain, as thou shalt be. SUFFOLK. Obscure and lowly swain, King Henry's blood, The honourable blood of Lancast
s slave? What penny hath Rome borne, What men provided, what munition sent, To underprop this action? Is 't 
or years been known as a professional beggar, but his life appeared to have been a very quiet and innocent one. There the matter stands at present, and the qu
ted Both from his enterprise and from the world; His crown bequeathing to his banish'd brother, And all their lands restor'd to them again That were with him exil'd. Th
te, that from the bloody course of war My dearest master, your dear son, may hie. Bless him at home in peace, whilst I from far His name with zealous fervour sanctify. His taken labours bid him me f
all dear grace As Nature was in making graces dear, When she did starve the general world beside And
ose that have known the earth so full of faults. For my part, I have walk'd about the streets, Submitting me unto the perilous night, And
ANA. You have not been inquir'd after; I have sat here all day. Enter ISABELLA DUKE. I do constantly believ
ou might have pinch'd a placket, it was senseless; 'twas nothing to geld a codpiece of a purse; I would have fil'd keys off that hung in chains. No heari
is done, have what shall have no end, Mine appetite I never more will grind On newer proof, to try an older friend, A god in love, to whom I am confined. 
 And let my sovereign, virtuous Henry, Command my eldest son, nay, all my sons, As pledges of my fealty and love. I'll sen
 the ram that batters down the wall, For the great swinge and rudeness of his poise, They place before his hand that 
t him in that inhospitable abode. Was he our malignant enemy, or was he by chance our guardian angel? I swore that I would not leave the hut un
ing over the blazing fire, while the three animals stood motionless in the back-ground. Then the intervening
and with this news, And make this marriage to be solemniz'd. So, farewell, Reignier. Set this diamond safe In golden palaces, as it becomes. REIGNIER. I do embrace 
 friend, thou hast no cause to say so yet, But thou shalt have; and creep time ne'er so slow, Yet it shall come for me to do
scrawled upon paper, and placed under a pebble upon the sun-dial. Here it is. The characters are, as you 
e as you were last night. They could not trust me with the job. The others went in. When they came out their hands were crimson to the wrists. As we turned away a child was screaming out of
lness of your youth The world hath noted, and your name is great In mouths of wisest censure. What's the matter, That you unlace your reputation thus, And sp
citement, and so at last I slipped out, knowing how difficult it is to awake you. But you saw me go, and that was the beginning of my troubles. Next day you had my secret at your mercy, b
cattered, and the commanders very poor rogues, upon my reputation and credit, and as I hope to live. FIRST SOLDIER. Shall I set down your answer so? PAROLLES. Do; I'll take the sa
id again; And 'tis a kind of good deed to say well; And yet words are no deeds. My father lov'd you: He said he did; and with his deed did crown His word upon you. Since I ha
at, then?" "'"I'd had nearly a quarter of a million, hadn't I?" "'"So it was said." "'"But none was recovered, eh?" "'
u? GUIDERIUS. The same dead thing alive. BELARIUS. Peace, peace! see further. He eyes us not; forbear. Cre
st! There may be in the cup A spider steep'd, and one may drink, depart, And yet partake no venom, for his knowledge Is not in
, so like the King That was and is the question of these wars. Hor. A mote it is to trouble the mind's eye. In
sooth, in love; I, that have been love's whip; A very beadle to a humorous sigh; A critic, nay, a night-watch constable; A domineering pedant o'er the boy, Than whom no mortal so
t neither her wits nor her courage had been shaken by her terrible experience. She was enveloped in a loose dressing-gown of blue and silv
her in it and compel her to some second choice. Now sir, this granted- as it is a most pregnant and unforced position- who stands so eminently
the study was always empty, as the secretary was employed up here. So at last I took my courage in both hands and I came down to get the papers for myself. I
Enter the QUEEN and SOMERSET KING HENRY. See, Buckingham! Somerset comes with th' Queen: Go, bid her hide him quickly from the Duke. QUEEN. For thousand Yo
and leap- The one in fear to lose what they enjoy, The other to enjoy by rage and war. These signs forerun the deat
 a dance, and if he found her accordant, he meant to take the present time by the top and instantly break wit
ad it not been that as he passed your door he perceived the key which had been left by the carelessness of
y well; I have perus'd the note. Hark you, sir; I'll have them very fairly bound- All books of love, see that at any hand; 
late each other. Pity we didn't take the other alive; but there was no choice. I say, Holmes, you must confess that you cut it rather fine. It was all we could do to overhaul her." "
g. I said that I had not. He apologized for having disturbed me so late, saying that it was nearly one o'clock. I dropped off after this and slept
answer it that breaks his band; on that thinks a man always going to bed, and says 'God give you good rest!' ANTIPHOL
ide us on that point." There was such a ring of sincerity in the woman's voice that for the instant I forgot all about her levity 
 lack, If that she learn not of her eye to look. No face is fair that is not full so black. KING. O 
o be sure that she is on the lookout. Now he begins to flash. Take the message also, Watson, that we may check each other. A single flash--that is A, surely. Now, then. How many did you make 
s the sea that sunders him from thence, Saying he'll lade it dry to have his way- So do I wish the crown, being so far off; And so I chide the means that keeps me 
 that all the actors in the tragedy were to be found among our seafaring classes. "When I came to examine the address of th
lease for the clinking of Pewter. But, Francis, darest thou be so valiant as to play the coward with thy indenture and show it a fair pair of heels and run from it? Fran. O Lord, sir, I'll be sw
 lay upon the sofa and tried to interest myself in a yellow-backed novel. The puny plot of the story was so thin, however, when compared to the dee
. Let her wear it out with good counsel. Leon. Nay, that's impossible; she may wear her heart out first. Pedro. Well, we will hear further of it by your daughter. 
ether and went back and pushed the door open. All was quiet inside, so I went into the room where the light was a-burnin'. There was a candle flickerin' on the mantel
etoric in your common talk; Music and poesy use to quicken you; The mathematics and the metaphysics, Fall to them as you find your stomach serves you. No profit grows
'd To try your taking of a false report, which hath Honour'd with confirmation your great judgment In the election of a sir so rare, Which you know cannot err. T
ed flight, And like a bated and retired flood, Leaving our rankness and irregular course, Stoop low within those bounds we have o'erlook'd, And calmly run on in obedience Ev
pleasures, and fery honest knaveries. Exeunt PAGE, FORD, and EVANS MRS. PAGE. Go, Mistress Ford. Send Quickly to Sir John to know hi
nd Island, and to which we were to make our way, and finally to return to his duties. Captain Morstan
ght. Here, read, read; perceive how I might be knighted. I shall think the worse of fat men as long as I have an eye to make differ
rd Vernon. Sir John Falstaff. Sir Michael, a friend to the Archbishop of York. Poins. Gadshill Peto. Bardolph. Lady Percy, wife to Hot
re deserted there." "And I say east," said my patient. "I am for west," remarked the plain-clothes man. "There are sev
my next report interesting reading. CHAPTER IX Second Report of Dr. Watson THE LIGHT UPON THE MOOR Baskerville
k Peter in the dead of the night? Was it his profile that was seen on the blind two nights before? No, no, Hopkins; it is another and a more formidable person for whom we must seek." The de
 burned in the room of Mortimer Tregennis on the morning of the tragedy. This he filled with the same oil as that used at the vicarag
 have been the thought of this which made Sir Henry so keen upon the adventure. "I will come," said I. "Then get yo
47 Betwixt mine eye and heart a league is took, And each doth good turns now unto the other, When that mine
though not the fish- was, when at the relation of the Queen's death, with the manner how she came to't bravely confess'd and lamented by the King, how attentivenes wounded his daughter; till, fro
 of revolt and flying off! Fetch me a better answer. Glou. My dear lord, You know the fiery quality of the Duke, How unremovable and fix'd he is In his own course. Lear. Vengeance! plagu
e the Jew, and have a desire, as my father shall specify- GOBBO. His master and he, saving your worship's reverence, are scarce cater-cousins- LAUNCELOT. To be brief, the very truth is th
He's armed and shoots quick and straight, with no questions asked. But at night--well, there he is with 
 he denied everything. But when I gave him every particular that had occurred, he tried to bluster and took down a life-preserver from the wall. I knew my man, however, and I clapped a pistol to hi
ou hast no hands; For hands to do Rome service is but vain. LUCIUS. Speak, gentle sister, who hath martyr'd thee? MARCUS. O, that delightfu
indeed, he is here at my invitation." "But who is he?" "I'll tell you, Watson. He is the king of all the blackmailers. Heaven help the man, and still more the wo
ie low and make no move so long as he thought he was in any danger. I arrested the wrong man to make him believe that our eyes were off him. I knew he would be likely to clear off
 most true mind thus maketh mine untrue. 114 Or whether doth my mind being crowned with you Drink up the monarch's plague this flattery? Or wh
re quaint, more pleasing, nor more commendable; Belike you mean to make a puppet of me. PETRUCHIO. Why, true;
r lord and most esteemed friend, your brother Troilus- HELEN. My Lord Pandarus, honey-sweet lord- PANDARUS. Go to, sweet queen, go to-commends himself most affecti
 crow doth sing as sweetly as the lark When neither is attended; and I think ne nightingale, if she should sing by day, When every goose is cackli
nd'ring at the present, nor the past, For thy records, and what we see doth lie, Made more or less by thy continual haste: This I do vow and this shall ever be, I will be true despite thy scythe a
ould rouse the suspicions of the stranger. The lock was a perfectly simple one, and only a strong bla
re it came upon him. Men who die from heart disease, or any sudden natural cause, never by any chance exhibit agitation upon their features. Having s
 ever trod upon neat's leather have gone upon my handiwork. FLAVIUS. But wherefore art not in thy shop today? Why dost thou lead these men a
 something very unusual had occurred. "I trust, Mr. Holmes, that you can spare me a few hours of your valuable time. We have had a very painful 
 is not so with Him that all things knows, As 'tis with us that square our guess by shows; But most it is presumption in us when The help of heaven we count th
wine first with him. I'll make him dance. Will you go, gentles? ALL. Have with you to see this monster. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEA
s measures with the unbated fire That he did pace them first? All things that are Are with more spirit chased than enjoyed. How like a younker or a prodigal The scarfed bark
ege you in your castle. She is hard by with twenty thousand men; And therefore fortify your hold, my lord. YORK. Ay, with my sword. What
ses Myself your loyal servant, your physician, Your most obedient counsellor; yet that dares Less appear so, in comforting your evils, Than such as most seem yours- I say I come F
 she closed her book, fastened the shutters, and retired. "I heard her shut the door, and felt quite sure that she had
having come for half wages, it was obvious to me that he had some strong motive for securing the situat
esire increase, That thereby beauty's rose might never die, But as the riper should by time decease, His
 read, With every course in his particular. KING. O Westmoreland, thou art a summer bird, Which ever in the haunch of winter sings The lifting up of day. Enter HARCOURT Look here's more news. HAR
ear from what that surly fellow said that there are others besides ourselves who are anxious about the matter, and I should--" His remarks were s
 with drums and colours LUCIUS. Approved warriors and my faithful friends, I have received letters from great Rome Which signifies what hate they bear their E
pty windows and high, bare walls, towered up, sad and forlorn, behind us. Our course let right across the grounds, in and out among the trenches and pits with which they were scarred and inters
Gives light in darkness, comfort in despair! Enter the MAYOR OF SAINT ALBANS and his brethren, bearin
e only want our man. "It's a thousand to one against our finding him at the house," he continued as we retraced our steps swiftly down the path. "Those shots must have told him th
m but slow? Then should I spur though mounted on the wind, In winged speed no motion shall I know, Then can no horse with my desire keep pace, Therefore 
is. CAESAR. You praise yourself By laying defects of judgment to me; but You patch'd up your excuses. ANTONY. Not so, not so; I know yo
e man has a beard!" "A beard?" "It is not the baronet--it is--why, it is my neighbour, the convict!" With feverish haste we had turned the body over, and that dripping beard was pointing up to 
ight excite more gossip than I care for. No doubt you will find some sights to amuse you in this venerable city, and I hope to bring back a more favourable report 
had drooped more heavily over his eyes, and his smoke had curled up more thickly from his pipe to emphasize each curi
s evidently some mark, some thumbprint, something which might give a clue to the person's identity. Now. Mrs. Warren, you say that the man was of middle size, dark, 
eave undone than by our deed Acquire too high a fame when him we serve's away. Caesar and Antony have ever won More in their officer, than person. Sossius, One of my place in
fess to you that I love him. Par. So will ye, I am sure, that you love me. Jul. If I do so, it will be of more price, Being spoke behind your back, th
ot bound to that all slaves are free to. Utter my thoughts? Why, say they are vile and false; As where's that palace w
s no wonder that no one was stirring. It was twenty-five minutes past four. I had hardly finished when Holmes returned with the news that the boy was putting in the horse. "I want to t
the accused were among them. Cross examined by the clever attorney who had been engaged by McGinty, they were even more nebulous in their evidence. The injured man had already de
ughfare. We were shown in, and after a long wait were at last admitted into the consulting-room, where we found 
ss striking when set forth en bloc in a single half-column of print than when the facts slowly evolve before your own eyes, and the mystery clears gradually away as each new discovery furnishes 
d scants us with a single famish'd kiss, Distasted with the salt of broken tears. AENEAS. [Within] My lord, is the lady ready? TROILUS. Hark
the evening with the gloss still on his hat and his boots. He has been a fixture therefore all day. He is not a man with intimate friends. Where, then, could he
 if you had your eyes, you might fail of the knowing me: it is a wise father that knows his own child. Well, old man, I will tell you news of your son. Give me your blessing; truth will come t
ple you say your name is? SIMPLE. Ay, for fault of a better. QUICKLY. And Master Slender's your mast
re you, sir, and by what right do you touch this gentleman's papers?" he asked. "I am a private detective, and I am endeavouring to explain
 fork of it. The inscription upon the paper was brief, but to the point: JOHN FERRIER, Formerly of Salt Lake City, Died August 4th, 1860. The sturdy old man, whom he had left so short a time bef
h. MENENIUS. You know neither me, yourselves, nor any thing. You are ambitious for poor knaves' caps and legs; you wear out a good wholesome forenoon in hearing a cause between an orange-wife
 crazy state and eventually fallen over here and broken his neck." "That seems the most reasonable theory," said Stapleton, and he ga
 go a little more, I might not have been a wiser man. "'Well, matters went from bad to worse with us, and this animal Hudson became more and more intrusive, until at last, on making some ins
se to desire the approach of day. WILLIAMS. We see yonder the beginning of the day, but I think we shall never see the end of it. Who 
was an insurance against the worst." "Yes, yes, I see that. But how about the disappearance of the others?" "I have not all my facts yet, bu
 made everything as hard as iron. Nothing was to be seen save that some body or bundle had been dragged through a low privet hedge which is in a line with the wo
to the court I'll knock her back, foot her home again. She hath despis'd me rejoicingly, and I'll be merry in my reveng
ose statutes That are recorded in this schedule here. Your oaths are pass'd; and now subscribe your names, That his own hand may strike his honour down That violates the s
ng. MACBETH. Thou are too like the spirit of Banquo Down! Thy crown does sear mine eyeballs. And thy hair, Thou other gold-bound brow, 
s of hearing To th' smothering of the sense- how far it is To this same blessed Milford. And by th' way Tell me how Wales was made so happy as T' inherit such
w stockings, and to frown Upon Sir Toby and the lighter people; And, acting this in an obedient hope, Why have you suffer'd me to be imprison'd, Kept in a dark house
orse or oxen from the leopard, As you fly from your oft subdued slaves. [Alarum. Here another skirmish] It
thumb should have been. It had been hacked or torn right out from the roots. "Good heavens!" I cried, "this is a terrible injury. It must have 
l, well, you have your own methods, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, and it is not for me to say a word against them, but I think I have done 
 PAINTER. It is a pretty mocking of the life. Here is a touch; is't good? POET. I will say of it It tutors nature. Artificial strife Lives in these
gown, with a page KING. Go call the Earls of Surrey and of Warwick; But, ere they come, bid them o'er-read these letters And well consider of them. Make good speed. Exit page How many thousands
TES. Here is such patchery, such juggling, and such knavery. All the argument is a whore and a cuckold-a good quarrel to draw emulous factions and bleed to death upon
l you permit that I shall stand condemn'd A wandering vagabond; my rights and royalties Pluck'd from my arms perforce, and given away To upstart unthrifts? Wherefore was I born? If that my cousi
 fear Things that do sound so fair? I' the name of truth, Are ye fantastical or that indeed Which outwardly ye show? My noble partner You greet
l. Curs'd be that heart that forc'd us to this shift! Write thou, good niece, and here display at last What God will have discovered for reven
certain, and that is that Mr. James Desmond, who is the next heir, is an elderly gentleman of a very amiable disposition, so that this persecution does not arise from him.
e is so hard that it seems the length of seven year. ORLANDO. Who ambles Time withal? ROSALIND. With a priest that lacks Latin
 note of all that they intend, By interception which they dream not of. EXETER. Nay, but the man that was his bedfellow, Whom he hath dull'd and cloy'd with gracious favours- That he should, 
 to go about the country looking for a left-handed gentleman with a game leg. I should become the laughing-stock of Scotland Yard." "All right," said Holmes quietly. "I have given you the cha
wholesome as the sweat of a man? Shallow, shallow. A better instance, I say; come. CORIN. Besides, our hands are hard. TOUCHSTONE. Your lips will feel them the sooner. Shal
housand; but very weak and unserviceable. The troops are all scattered, and the commanders very poor rogues, upon m
ortance that we should be in our places before it grows dark; so with your permission we shall get started at once." We passed along the outer bounds of the Manor House park until we came to a 
arance. "You will kindly close the door," said Holmes. "Now, Bannister, will you please tell us the truth about yesterday's incident?" The man turned w
ord Hastings will not yield to our complots? GLOUCESTER. Chop off his head-something we will determine. And, look when I am King, claim thou of me The earldom of Herefor
yours, which with a snaffle You may pace easy, but not such a wife. ENOBARBUS. Would we had all such wives, that the men might go to wars with the women! A
LIXENES. Sir, that's to-morrow. I am question'd by my fears of what may chance Or breed upon our absence, that
uince! Flute, the bellows-mender! Snout, the tinker! Starveling! God's my life, stol'n hence, and left me asleep! I have had a most rar
 a chair, and the footsteps ceased. Then a key clicked in a lock and I heard the rustle of papers. So far I had not dared to look out, but now I gently parted the division of the cur
e. Jul. Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed. If that thy bent of love be honourable, Thy purpose marriage, send me word to-morrow, By one th
n horsed Upon the sightless couriers of the air, Shall blow the horrid deed in every eye, That tears shall drown the wind. I have no spur To prick
nded him over the watch with some slight feeling of amusement in my heart, for the test was, as I thought, an impossible one, and I intended it as a lesson against the somew
ntlemen, here I'll make My royal choice. KING. [Unmasking] Ye have found him, Cardinal. You hold a fair assembly; you do well, lord. You are a churchman, or, I'll tell you, Card
our modesties have not craft enough to colour. I know the good King and Queen have sent for you. Ros. To w
We'll none of him, but let him, like an engine Not portable, lie under this report: Bring action hither; this cannot go to war. A stirring dwarf we do allowance give Before
d French That in the field lie slain; of princes in this number, And nobles bearing banners, there lie dead One hundred twenty-six; added to these, Of knights, esquires, and g
eard him read many lectures against it; and I thank God I am not a woman, to be touch'd with so many giddy offences as he hath generally tax'd their whole sex
. The deep of night is crept upon our talk, And nature must obey necessity, Which we will niggard with a little rest. There is no more to say? CASSIUS. No more. Good night. E
ion to the In praising her. I tell thee, lord of Greece, She is as far high-soaring o'er thy praises As thou unworthy to be ca
eapon drawn O reverend Tribunes! O gentle aged men! Unbind my sons, reverse the doom of death, And let me say, that never wept before, 
f stocks, you rogue! SLY. Y'are a baggage; the Slys are no rogues. Look in the chronicles: we came in with Richard Con
s, The cords, the ladder, or the hangman rather? O, pardon me that I descend so low To show the line and the predicament Wherein you range under this subtile king! Shall it for shame be spoken in
r the rest o' the selfsame day, He finds thee in the stout Norweyan ranks, Nothing afeard of what thyself didst make,
d Aeneas tell the tale twice o'er How Troy was burnt and he made miserable? O, handle not the theme, to talk of hands, Les
an of smoking this cigar. But it's cursed hard that I should be lagged over this young Sholto, with whom I had no quarrel what
you are arm'd to do as sworn to do, Subscribe to your deep oaths, and keep it too. LONGAVILLE. I am resolv'd; 'tis but a three years' fast
s safe enough to them, since they have no reason to think that anyone is interested in the lady's fate. When she is released she will, of
l a man. As I was already in debt to my tradesmen, the advance was a great convenience, and yet there was something unnatural abo
and what they will inform, Merely in hate, 'gainst any of us an, That will the King severely prosecute 'Gainst us, our lives, o
 yours, which with a snaffle You may pace easy, but not such a wife. ENOBARBUS. Would we had all such wives, that the men might go to wars with the women! ANTONY. So much uncur
a, subject to your countenance-glad or sorry As I saw it inclin'd. When was the hour I ever contradicted your d
will not seal your knowledge with showing them. I will make much of your voices, and so trouble you no farther. BOTH CITIZENS. The gods give you joy, sir, heartily! Exeunt citizens CORIOL
know, on foot, and with my mind entirely free from all impressions. I naturally began by examining the roadway, and there, as I have already explained to you, I saw clearly the marks of a
ence. It seemed to me that the pallid features of the butler turned a shade paler still as he listened to his master's question. "Ther
tood, but when the Premier also deigned to visit my humble roof--! The fact is, Watson, that this gentleman upon the sofa was a bit too good for our people. He was in a class by himself. Thi
 the pips upon the table. Of these he took five and thrust them into an envelope. On the inside of the fl
ge for unkindness Than pity for mischance! ROSS. His absence, sir, Lays blame upon his promise. Please't your Highness To gr
ing loud, Puts the wretch that lies in woe In remembrance of a shroud. Now it is the time of night That the gr
dow pass backward and forward against the little slit of dim light which shone out from under the door. A mad, unreasoning terror rose up in me at the sight, Mr. Holmes. My overstrung nerves faile
 DESDEMONA. My lord? OTHELLO. [Reads.] "This fail you not to do, as you will-" LODOVICO. He did not call; he's busy in the paper. Is there division 'twixt my lord and Cassio? 
 slavish weeds and servile thoughts! I will be bright and shine in pearl and gold, To wait upon this new-made emperess. To wa
nd the bruises from end to end of my arms--and a gag was thrust into my mouth on the one occasion when I tried to call from th
, "what do you make of it all?" "I make nothing of it," I answered frankly. "It is a most mysterious business." "As a rule," said Holmes, "the more bi
, My most true mind thus maketh mine untrue. 114 Or whether doth my mind being crowned with you Drink up the monarch's plague this flattery? Or wh
t sweet jests, most incony vulgar wit! When it comes so smoothly off, so obscenely, as it were, so fit. Armado a th' t'one side- O, a most dainty man! To see him walk before a lady and to b
OLK. Then call our captains and our colours forth! And, madam, at your father's castle walls We'll crave a 
I come to whet your gentle thoughts On his behalf. OLIVIA. O, by your leave, I pray you: I bade you never speak again of him; But, would you undertake another suit
r and whiskers, and a perpetual smell of drink. Twice since I have been with them he has been quite drunk, and yet Mr. Rucastle seemed t
ke the silence, and when his answer came it was one of which I love to think. He lifted the little child, kissed her, and then, still carrying her, he held his other hand out to his wife and t
n," he continued in a low voice as we went upstairs together. "We know now that the people who are so interested in our friend have not s
 the disciplines of the war; the concavities of it is not sufficient. For, look you, th' athversary-
 here can witness it. Then I could produce your confession at the last extremity to save young McCarthy. I promise you that I shall not use it unless it is abs
rs of the morning, when, to their inexpressible fear and astonishment, the door was flung open, and a savage-looking, weather-beaten man in tattered garments strode into the room. Without a glance
n the earth, And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change; Rich men look sad, and ruffians dance and leap- The one in fear to lose what they enjoy, The other to enjoy 
r you: The pound of flesh which I demand of him Is dearly bought, 'tis mine, and I will have it. If you deny me, fie upo
d she, and shut the door in my face. Annoyed at the churlish rebuff, I turned my back and walked home
 earnestly. "It was extremely good of you." The little man waved his hand deprecatingly. "We were your trustees," he said. "That was the view which I took of it, though Brother Bartholomew coul
ht we sat together, our arms round each other, each strengthening each for the troubles that lay before us. The very next evening had bee
een removed, but there also the marks were slight. There is no doubt about the stick belonging to our client. 
nridge upon it, and the proprietor a horsey-looking man, with a sharp face and trim side-whiskers was helping a boy to put up the shutters. "Good-evening. It's a cold night," said Holmes. T
Father'd he is, and yet he's fatherless. ROSS. I am so much a fool, should I stay longer, It would be my disgrace and your discomfort. I take my leave at once. Exit. LA
; for if Hector break not his neck i' th' combat, he'll break't himself in vainglory. He knows not me. I said 'Good morrow, Ajax'; and he replies 'Tha
he housekeeper, had taken her upstairs and stayed with her in the bedroom. Ames and Mr. Barker had t
t very oft that have it not. But for the handkerchief- OTHELLO. By heaven, I would most gladly have forgot it. Thou said'st- 
CYMBELINE. That mightst have had the sole son of my queen! IMOGEN. O blessed that I might not! I chose an eagle, 
It was the face of a woman cut out of a portrait. "I have carried this because I thought it might be useful," sa
ion, "why it is that Mycroft does not use his powers for detective work. He is incapable of it." "But I thought you said--" "I said that he was my superior in observation and deducti
aughan, and all that have miscarried By underhand corrupted foul injustice, If that your moody discontented souls Do through the clouds behold this present ho
oubtedly showed that the affair was much deeper than was at first conjectured. I thought the matter over, and I came to the conclusion that I must approach the case fr
o set Sweats in the eye of Pheebus, and all night Sleeps in Elysium; next day, after dawn, Doth rise and help Hyperion to his horse; And follows so the ever-r
s and fogs upon thee! Th' untented woundings of a father's curse Pierce every sense about thee!- Old fond eyes, Beweep this cause again, I'll pluck ye out, A
 or audience to this act, Had I but time (as this fell sergeant, Death, Is strict in his arrest) O, I could tell you- But let it be. Horatio, I am dead; Thou liv'st; report m
 know my physic will work with him. I will plant you two, and let the fool make a third, where he shall find the letter; observ
 young Octavius with Mark Antony Have made themselves so strong- for with her death That tidings came- with this she fell distract, And (her
I heark'ned for your death. If it were so, I might have let alone The insulting hand of Douglas over you, Which would have been as speedy in your end As all t
 groove between your left forefinger and thumb, to feel sure that you did not propose to invest your small capital in the goldfields." "I see no connection." "Very likely not; but I can
poor woman, sir, and Mr. Warren earns little, and the money meant much to me. He took out a ten-poun
n a white sheet, and a taper burning in her hand, with SIR JOHN STANLEY, the SHERIFF, and OFFICERS SERVING-MAN. So please 
 calm and quiet. The night was fine, and the stars were twinkling brightly overhead. The little front garden lay before the farmer's eyes bounded by the fence and gate, but neither there nor on the r
nd frail, twisted in the shoulders and back like one who has suffered from rickets in his childhood. "What's this?" he cried in a high, scr
unded fancies sent me, Of paled pearls and rubies red as blood; Figuring that they their passions likewise lent me Of grief and blushes, aptly understood In bloodless white and the encrimsoned m
e I told you 'twould be thus! How often said my dignity would last But till 'twere known! FLORIZEL. It cannot fail but by The violation of my faith; and then Let nature crush the sides o
e, nothing more. Osr. Your lordship speaks most infallibly of him. Ham. The concernancy, sir? Why do we wrap the gentleman in our more rawer breath Osr. Sir? Hor [aside to Hamlet] Is't not poss
bound me up From mine own knowledge. As nearly as I may, I'll play the penitent to you; but mine honesty Shal
lp you to't. But tell me true, are you not mad indeed, or do you but counterfeit? MALVOLIO. Believe me, I am not; I tell thee tru
ughtfully. "Yes, the actual facts are very plain, and I shall be surprised if by the afternoon I cannot give you the reasons for them as wel
he vacation; for they sleep between term and term, and then they perceive not how Time moves. ORLANDO. Where 
PEED. Why, then, this may be yours; for this is but one. VALENTINE. Ha! let me see; ay, give it me, it's mine; Sweet ornament th
 at feasts, keep with Bohemia And with your queen. I am his cupbearer; If from me he have wholesome beverage, Account me not your servant. LEONTES. This is all: Do't, and thou hast the one 
I will get again with drinking, pick out mine eyes with a ballad-maker's pen and hang me up at the door of a brothel house for the 
g visitation was with me a young doctor of Rome- his name is Balthazar. I acquainted him with the cause in controvers
ht tell you that your double was at work in Mawson's office. Therefore they gave you a handsome advance on your salary, and ran you off to t
S SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. 
European Affairs, and the most rising statesman in the country. They sat side by side upon our paper-littered settee, and it was easy to see f
ood daring, bold, and venturous; Thy age confirm'd, proud, subtle, sly, and bloody, More mild, but yet more harmful-kind in hatred. What comfortable hour canst thou name That ever grac'd me with t
 they had conveyed their injured mistress to her room. Both she and her husband had occupied the bed. She was clad in her dress--he in his dressing
y to be served in the trainer's family that night, and it is surely too monstrous a coincidence to suppose that he happened to come along with powdered opium upon the very night when
h a society makes his way into the house, waits for Mr. Douglas, blows his head nearly off with this weapon, and esca
less harem.' "'It was not I who killed her father,' he cried. "'But it was you who broke her innocent heart,' I shrieked, thrust
m again. Re-enter LAFEU LAFEU. Sirrah, your lord and master's married; there's news for you; you have a new mistress. PAROLLES. I most u
nd be not jealous on me, gentle Brutus; Were I a common laugher, or did use To stale with ordinary oaths my love To every new protester, if you know That I do fawn on men and hug them har
. Let us come in, that we may bind him fast, And bear him home for his recovery. ANGELO. I knew he was not in his perfect wits. SECOND MERCHANT. I am sorry now that I did draw on him. ABBE
he figure against the moon. Was he also out in that deluged--the unseen watcher, the man of darkness? In the evening I put on my waterproof and I walked far upon the sodden mo
de me knows I see thee ill; Ill in myself to see, and in thee seeing ill. Thy death-bed is no lesser than thy land Wherein thou liest in reputation s
tell thee more of this another time. But fish not with this melancholy bait For this fool gudgeon, this opinion. Come, good Lorenzo. Fare ye we
oward, why com'st thou not? DEMETRIUS. Abide me, if thou dar'st; for well I wot Thou run'st before me, shifting every place, An
 shock. And now I will make the thing clear to you; it has been a long time in the acting, but will not take me
 I to-day die not with Frenchmen's rage, To-morrow I shall die with mickle age. By me they nothing gain an if I stay: 'Tis but the short'ning of my life one day. In thee thy mother dies, ou
doorway laughing, with a stick in his hand. "I don't think that fine fellow will trouble us again," he said. "I will just go after him and see what he does with h
sked him to lunch with me at the Holborn, and we started off together in a hansom. "Whatever have you been doing with your
. "It's all going wrong, Watson--all as wrong as it can go. I kept a bold face before Lestrade, but, upon my soul, I believe th
ing over his task, and never turning his head. The fellow came forward with a somewhat sullen, defiant air, and put down his hands to assist. At that instan
 of Young himself, and of Stangerson, Kemball, Johnston, and Drebber, who were the four principal Elders. On the farm thus
, My horse, my ox, my ass, my any thing, And here she stands; touch her whoever dare; I'll bring mine action on the proudest he That stops my way in Padua. Grumio, Draw forth thy weapo
 Speak briefly, can you like of Paris' love? Jul. I'll look to like, if looking liking move; But no more deep will I endart mine eye Than your consent gives strength to make it fly. Enter Servingman.
tive. "Let me have the Hotel Directory," said Holmes. "Thank you! Now, Cartwright, there are the names of 
part of a hair Are the indentures drawn? Shall we be gone? Glend. The moon shines fair; you may away by night. I'll haste the writer, and withal Break with your wives
ne village; for he was a frequent and welcome visitor at the Manor House. He was the more noticed as being the only friend of 
h you all and make you stoop Unto the sovereign mercy of the King; But since I cannot, be it known unto you I do remain as neuter. So, fare you well; Unles
rs; County Anselmo and his beauteous sisters; The lady widow of Vitruvio; Signior Placentio and His lovely n
re you that everything was perfectly normal and there was no room for foul play in the matter," said he. Nothing 
airy charm is for, I'll break my staff, Bury it certain fathoms in the earth, And deeper than did ever plummet sound I'll drown my book. [Solem music] Here
IRON, at one door; and at the other door, YOUNG LUCIUS and another with a bundle of weapons, and verses writ upon them CHIRON. Demetrius, here's the son of Luciu
l, with a strength and courage and cunning behind it which made it a thousand times more deadly. Having had a good look at his man, McMurdo elbowed his way forward with
ch amazes That all eyes saw his eyes enchanted with gazes. I'll give you Aquitaine and all that is his, An you give him for my sake but o
ade London we were forced to raise our minds for the instant from the routine of life and to recognise the presence of those great elemental forces which shriek at mankind throu
 For the rest, his house is full of butlers, footmen, maidservants, and the usual overfed, underworked staff of a large English country house. "So much I learned partly from village gos
equest. Virginity, like an old courtier, wears her cap out of fashion, richly suited but unsuitable; just like the brooch and the toothpick, which wear not now. Yo
IAN. Yes, gracious madam. CLEOPATRA. Indeed? MARDIAN. Not in deed, madam; for I can do nothing But what indeed is honest to be done. Yet hav
 blood and it I'll make a paste; And of the paste a coffin I will rear, And make two pasties of your shameful heads; And bid that strumpet, your unhallowed dam
 Commit a thing so monstrous to dismantle So many folds of favour. Sure her offence Must be of such unnatural degree That monsters it, or your for
imal Hudson became more and more intrusive, until at last, on making some insolent reply to my father in my pres
tard safe; and you must suffer him to take no delight nor no penance; but 'a must fast three days a week. For this damsel, I must keep her at
o several times by night; at Sardis once, And this last night here in Philippi fields. I know my hour is come. VOLUMNIUS. Not so
 thou sleepest. Is not the King's name twenty thousand names? Arm, arm, my name! a puny subject strikes At thy great glory. Look not to the gro
t-bladed scissors, pasted it with paste--" "Gum," said Holmes. "With gum on to the paper. But I want to know why the word 'moor' should have been written?" "Because he could not fi
ntense earnestness that I could not doubt that some grave and deep reason lay behind it. I resisted all pres
ue; and thou seest that I no issue have, And that my fainting words do warrant death. Thou art my heir; the rest I wish thee gather; But yet
you straight, sir, that I don't like it." He spoke with a sudden passion of earnestness. "Now, listen to me, Barrymore! I have no interest in this matter but that of your master. I
 I am sure of, and that is that he had some weapon in his hand. It looked to me like a long knife. I distinctly saw the gleam o
, for he was a man that it was easy to tell a thing like that to. He laughed until he choked, and we got a knife and opened the goose. My heart turned
s more than likely that my report will be a negative one." "God bless you for promising to come," cried our client. "It gives me fresh life to know that something is being
wain To sunder his that was thine enemy? Forgive me, cousin.' Ah, dear Juliet, Why art thou yet so fair? Shall I believe That unsubstantial Death is amorous, And that the lean
I thought at first that you had done something clever, but I see that there was nothing in it, after all." "I begin to think, Watson," said Holmes, "tha
ENTIO] 'Twas I won the wager, though you hit the white; And being a winner, God give you good night! Exeunt PETRUCHIO and KATHERINA HORTENSIO
e,' said I, 'which this butler of your thought it worth his while to consult, even at the risk of the loss of his place.' "'It is rather an absurd business, this ritual 
nd again. Think'st thou to catch my life so pleasantly As to prenominate in nice conjecture Where thou wilt hit me dea
rious, Mr. Baynes, very curious. I should say almost unique." "Yes, sir, there must have been some very strange people
 we're in luck! We will fix him before he can do any harm. See here, Morris, will you leave this thing in my hands?" "Sure, if you will only t
imself, to tax him with injustice? Take him hence; to th' rack with him! We'll touze you Joint by joint, but we will know his purpose. What, 'unjust'! DUKE. Be not so hot; the Duke Dare 
ring these fingers with thy household worms, And stop this gap of breath with fulsome dust, And be a carrio
ave almost forgot- your pardon; The other, when she has obtain'd your eye, Will have your tongue too. This is a creature, Would she 
That you vouchsafe your rest here in our court Some little time; so by your companies To draw him on to pleasures, and to gather So much as from occasion y
 now a tailor call'd me in his shop, And show'd me silks that he had bought for me, And therewithal took measure of my body.
 the rich Cardinal, And from the great and new-made Duke of Suffolk; Yet I do find it so; for, to be plain, They, knowing Dame Eleanor's aspiring humour, Have hired me to undermine the Duchess, And b
to make his way in, and the maids were too distracted with fear to be of any assistance to him. A sudden thought struck him, however, and he ran through the hall door an
im] Out of my door, you witch, you hag, you. baggage, you polecat, you ronyon! Out, out! I'll conjure you, I'll fortune-tell you. Exit FALSTAFF
tendants. SCENE.--Verona; Mantua. THE PROLOGUE Enter Chorus. Chor. Two households, both alike in dignity, In fair Verona, where we lay our scene, From ancient grud
is lens in his hand and crawled swiftly backward and forward, examining minutely the cracks between the boards. Then he did the
 my client, when we had drawn the body up, that it was indeed his missing butler. He had been dead some d
 leaving it; he died As one that had been studied in his death, To throw away the dearest thing he owed As 'twere a careless trifle. DUNCAN. There's no art To fi
e eye, and felled me to the ground. I must have been unconscious for a few minutes, for when I came to myself I found that they had torn down the bell-rope and h
k they made off, and the door was barred behind them by their confederate." We had all listened with the de
so. I look'd not for you yet, nor am provided For your fit welcome. Give ear, sir, to my sister; For those that mingle reason with your passion M
ommence, Fondly brought here, and foolishly sent hence. Strike up our drums, pursue the scatt'red stray. God, and not we, hath safely fought to-day. Some g
to consult, even at the risk of the loss of his place.' "'It is rather an absurd business, this ritual of ours,' he answered. 'But it has at least the saving grace of antiqu
comb be a hurt, you have hurt me; I think you set nothing by a bloody coxcomb. Here comes Sir Toby halting; you shall hear more; but if he had not been in drink, he would have tickl'
feited. However, we have no choice as to our action. The doctor and I will remain on guard, Mr. Pycroft, if you will have the
tomer." "You should have no difficulty in getting him." "Not the slightest. We have been on the look
 his weapon drawn O reverend Tribunes! O gentle aged men! Unbind my sons, reverse the doom of death, And let me say, that never wept before, My te
 taint with love, I send the King. SUFFOLK. And this withal. [Kisses her] MARGARET. That for thyself, I will not so presume To send such peevish tokens to a king. Exe
 as a companion, so that the thought of losing her was really terrible to him. He had not understood, he said, that I was becoming attached to he
n. The incidents of the next few days are indelibly graven upon my recollection, and I can tell them without reference to the notes made at the time. I start t
to France: I charge thee waft me safely cross the Channel. LIEUTENANT. Walter- WHITMORE. Come, Suffolk, I must waft thee to thy death. SUFFOLK. Gelidus timor occupat artus: it is thee I fear.
e for putting me to this inconvenience. "I have to use this room as a place of business," he said, "and these
ee! I can tell what thou wouldst do. JAQUES. What, for a counter, would I do but good? DUKE SENIOR. Most Mischievous foul sin, in chiding sin; For thou thysel
ook well! This fish will bite. Leon. What effects, my lord? She will sit you--you heard my daughter tell you how. Claud. She did indeed.
 confectioner's man with a very large flat box. This he unpacked with the help of a youth whom he had brought with h
 sir, I think that, with your permission, I will confine my attentions to the excellent bird which I perceive upon the sideboard." Sherlock Holmes glanced sharply across at me with a slight shrug 
 lives. If Lewis by your assistance win the day. Commend me to one Hubert, with your King; The love of him-and this respect besides, For that my grands
r shops--" "Here is your ring, Mrs. Sawyer," I interrupted, in obedience to a sign from my companion; "it clearly belongs to your daughter, and I 
 stands thus, Sahib, and I tell it to you because I know that an oath is binding upon a Feringhee, and that we may trust you. Had yo
n Must stead us all, and me amongst the rest; And if you break the ice, and do this feat, Achieve the elder,
eling over his task, and never turning his head. The fellow came forward with a somewhat sullen, defiant air, and put down his hands to assist. At that instant there was a sharp click, 
ins Will I with wine and wassail so convince That memory, the warder of the brain, Shall be a fume and the receipt of reason A limbeck only. When in swinish sleep Their drenched natures lie as in 
wn factor, and there are one or two other neighbours. These are the folk who must be your very special study." "I will do 
e? Why, what a shame was this! Did my commission Bid ye so far forget yourselves? I gave ye Power as he was a councillor to try him, Not as a groom. There's some of ye,
, my lord, the sooner to effect And surer bind this knot of amity, The Earl of Armagnac, near knit to Charles, A man of great authority in France, Proffers his only daughter to your Grace In marr
 that which you inherit. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. See, see, my beauty will be sav'd by merit. O heresy in fair, fit for these days! A giving hand, though foul, shall have fair praise. But come, t
ry great astonishment, a quite epicurean little cold supper began to be laid out upon our humble lodging-house mahogany. There were a couple of brace of cold woodcock, a pheasant, a pâté de foie g
 I feel't upon my bones. FOURTH LORD. One day he gives us diamonds, next day stones. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKES
how sorry I am about the stupid mistake I made in thinking that you were Sir Henry. Please forget the words I said, which hav
blood, And praise myself for charity. Exit BELARIUS. O thou goddess, Thou divine Nature, thou thyself thou blazon'st In these 
Till we have brought Duke Humphrey in disgrace. As for the Duke of York, this late complaint Will make but little for his benefit. So one by one we'll weed them all at last, And you y
o's house. Enter Don Pedro, Claudio, Benedick, and Leonato. Pedro. I do but stay till your marriage be c
ust die; yet, heaven bear witness, And if I have a conscience, let it sink me Even as the axe falls, if I be not faithful! The law I bear no malice for my death
ld wear the brows of grace, Yet grace must still look so. MACDUFF. I have lost my hopes. MALCOLM. Perchance even there where I did find my doubts. Why in that rawness left you wife
 papers. It may well have been cause and effect. It is no wonder that he and his family have some of the more implacable spirits upon their track. You can understand that this regis
ending, while others have been but partially cleared up, and have their explanations founded rather upon conjecture and surmise t
, mine host. PAGE. I have heard the Frenchman hath good skill in his rapier. SHALLOW. Tut, sir, I could have told you more. In these times you stand on distance, your
ountain of affection th' one with th' other. I would fain have it a match, and I doubt not but to fashio
s destined, however, that all my professional caution should be wasted, for next morning the problem obtruded itself upon us in such a way that it was impossible to ignore it, and our
 had only to look at that granite face to realize that no peine forte et dure would ever force him to plead against his will. The deadlock was broken, however, b
hurch Street, to say that the description tallied in every respect with that of their employee, James Windibank. Voilà tout!" "And Miss Sutherland?" "If I tell her she will
e were safely out of the country it would relieve the tax-payer of a burden." "But how about the chance of his holding someo
hat are assembled in this place That by this sympathized one day's error Have suffer'd wrong, go keep us company, And we shall make full sat
throw; For certainly thou art so near the gulf Thou needs must be englutted. Besides, in mercy, The constable desires thee thou wilt mind Thy followers of repentance, that their souls May make a
be'st a man. He says thou told'st him that his wife was false; I know thou didst not, thou'rt not such a villain. Speak, for my heart is full. IAGO. I tol
by appointment. They were walking slowly along in deep conversation, and I saw her making quick little movements of her hands as if she were very earnest in what she was saying, while he listened i
e woman's words came with an intense earnestness which carried conviction with them. "Is this true, 
nd I pray you all go with me. SHALLOW. I must excuse myself, Master Ford. SLENDER. And so must I, sir; we have appointed to dine with Mistress Anne, and I wou
ancient gentleman by your habit, but your words show you a madman. Why, sir, what 'cerns it you if I wear pearl and gold? I thank my good father, I am able to 
orth, Of it own kind, all foison, all abundance, To feed my innocent people. SEBASTIAN. No marrying 'mong his subjects? ANTONIO. None, man; all idle; whores and knaves. GON
ich Brunton had left, and I had turned to go when I was surprised to find that the butler had returned, and was standing before me. "'"Mr. Musgrave, sir," he cried, in a voice which wa
re glance at the man, the square, massive face, the brooding eyes under the thatched brows, and the granite moulding of t
revenge- I eat and eat, I swear- FLUELLEN. Eat, I pray you; will you have some more sauce to your leek? There is not enough leek to swear by. PISTOL. Quiet thy cud
ed, in amazement. The face of Stapleton had sprung out of the canvas. "Ha, you see it now. My eyes have been trained to examine faces and not their trimmings. It is the first quality of a criminal i
 as her mistress. She was actually engaged to one of the head waiters in the hotel, and there was no
eir bemused wits awoke to the nature of the deed which was like to be done upon the moorlands. Everything was now i
y pass directly before the CARDINAL, and gracefully salute him A noble company! What are their pleasures? CHAMB
 council of war." "Are you--are you sure of this piece of intelligence?" stammered Gregson. "I have just come from his room," said Lestrade. "I was the first to discover what had occurred." "We ha
others, with Caesar's body. Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who, though he had no hand in his death, 
open their hands; let thy blood and spirit embrace them; and, to inure thyself to what thou art like to be, cast thy humble slough and appear fresh. Be opposite with a kinsman, surly with serv
grees of imprisonment. The work of Birdy Edwards was complete. And yet, as he had guessed, the game was not over yet. There was another hand to 
n, stores, and everything else, with plenty of room over. But the modern part is nothing like the size of the old quarter, where n
in the day. Enter the GHOST of HASTINGS GHOST. [To RICHARD] Bloody and guilty, guiltily awake, And in a bloody battle end thy days! Think on Lord Hastings. D
field Flourish. Enter KING in triumph; with GLOUCESTER, CLARENCE, and the rest KING EDWARD. Thus far our fortune keeps an upward cour
erefore write you not What monsters her accuse? Leonatus! O master, what a strange infection Is fall'n into thy ear! What false Italian- As poisonous-tongu'd as handed- hath prevail'd On thy too 
a solid, well-defined cloud. This cloud continued to increase in size until it became evident that i
a mile at least South from the mighty power of the King. RICHMOND. If without peril it be possible, Sweet Blunt, make some good means to speak with him And give him from me this most needful not
 Muses filed. I think good thoughts, whilst other write good words, And like unlettered clerk still cry Amen, To every hymn that able spirit affords, In p
 to my wants." "It is of that daughter that I would speak to you," said the leader of the Mormons. "She has grown to be the flower of Utah, and has found favour in the eyes of many who are high in
swer. Then I ran from room to room. All were deserted. My host had shown me which was his bedroom the night before, so I knocked at the door. No reply. I turned the handle and walked in. The room 
same young Troyan ass that loves the whore there might send that Greekish whoremasterly villain with the sleeve back to the dissembling l
t of Charlington, and the curious sequel of our investigation, which culminated in unexpected tragedy. It is true that the c
e from being there at the fall of the flag next Tuesday. "The fact was, of course, appreciated at King's Pyland, where the Colonel's training-stable is situated. Every pre
but, having used him, they may be inclined to punish him for what they will regard as his treachery." Our hope was that, by taking train, we might get to
aughter? PROSPERO. In this last tempest. I perceive these lords At this encounter do so much admire That they devour their reason, and scarce think Their eyes do offices of truth
ated all mankind! And thou redeem'st thyself. But all, save thee, I fell with curses. Methinks thou art more honest now than wise; For by oppressing and b
s hurls. What's sweet to do, to do will aptly find: Each eye that saw him did enchant the mind; For on his visage was in little drawn What
s about to tell thee: when my heart, As wedged with a sigh, would rive in twain, Lest Hector or my father should perceive me, I have, as when the sun doth light a storm, Buried this s
ce our hollow parting with a tear. KING RICHARD. What said our cousin when you parted with him? AUMERLE. 'Farewell.' And, for my heart disdained that my tongue Should so profane the word, that taught
tay, my lord, And let your reason with your choler question What 'tis you go about. To climb steep hills Requires slow pace at first. Anger is 
 merit. I cannot sing, Nor heel the high lavolt, nor sweeten talk, Nor play at subtle games-fair virtues all, To which the Grecians are most pr
ave done our part. Shall the world, then, be overrun by oysters? No, no; horrible! You'll convey all that 
de little progress. In the evening I strolled across the Park, and found myself about six o'clock at the Oxford Street end of Park Lane. A group of loafers upon the pavements, all staring u
family of Holland, though the matter in which I served them was of such delicacy that I cannot confide it even to you, who have been good enough to chronicle one or two of my little problems." "And h
nds, for unrepaired breaches gaped in the old park wall. Making our way among the trees, we reached the lawn, crossed it, and were about to enter through the window when out from a clump of l
m on his knees, measuring, comparing, examining, with his long thin nose only a few inches from the planks, and his beady eyes gleami
oors there were traces of some vanished race which had passed utterly away, and left as it sole record strange monuments of stone, irregular mounds
 tell. RICHARD. If not in heaven, you'll surely sup in hell. Exeunt severally SCENE II. Saint Albans Alarums to the
e and less, Resolvedly more leisure shall express. All yet seems well; and if it end so meet, The bitter past, more welcome is the sweet. [Flourish] EPILOGUE EPI
g in the stinking hold of a rat-gutted, beetle-ridden, mouldy old coffin of a Chin China coaster. No, sir, such a man will look after himself a
asked Holmes. "Found a screw-driver and some screws on the wash-hand stand. Seems to have smoked heavily du
h misuse, Such beastly shameless transformation, By those Welshwomen done as may not be Without much shame retold or spoken of. King. It seems then that the tidings of this broil Br
jections, Much less to take occasion from their mouths To raise a mutiny betwixt yourselves. Let me persuade you take a better course. EXETER. It grieves his Highness. Good my lords, be friend
 in the course of them that I contracted this complaint. You can do nothing." "Possibly not. But I happen to know that Dr. Ainstree, the greatest living authority upon t
son; for it is evident that they must either kill her or else secure her in such a way that she could not give immediate notice of their escape. But a
y to-day; And yet I do thee wrong to mind thee of it, For thou art fram'd of the firm truth of valour. Exit SALISBURY BED
mbly thank you, sir. A truth's a truth-the rogues are marvellous poor. FIRST SOLDIER. 'Demand of him of what strength they are a-foot.' What say you to that? PAROLLE
ses me. I've had to do with fifty murderers in my career, but the worst of them never gave me the repulsion which I have for this fellow. And yet I can't get out of doing business with him--indeed, h
hake in their fear and with pale policy Seek to divert the English purposes. O England! model to thy inward greatness, Like little body with 
lse Thanes, And mingle with the English epicures! The mind I sway by and the heart I bear Shall never sag with doubt nor sha
g with me; I will show you such a necessity in his death that you shall think yourself bound to put it on him. It is now high supper-time, and the 
 To th' people, not by your own instruction, Nor by th' matter which your heart prompts you, But with such words that are but roted in Your tong
 be hind'red, We shall your tawny ground with your red blood Discolour; and so, Montjoy, fare you well. The sum of all our answer is but this: We would not seek a battle as we are; Nor as we
ur roots in characters, And sauc'd our broths as Juno had been sick, And he her dieter. ARVIRAGUS. Nobly he yokes A smiling with a sigh, as if the sigh Was
ven louder than before, and again no whisper came back from the friends whom he had left such a short time ago. A vague, nameless dread came over him, and he hurried onwards f
n hand. Madam, sit you, and fear not: whom we raise We will make fast within a hallow'd verge. [Here they do the ceremonies belonging, and make the circle; BOLINGBROKE or SOUTHWELL reads: 'Con
a very important point. The presumption is that it was within a few minutes afterwards. The cards still lay up
olph, With a great power of English and of Scots, Are by the shrieve of Yorkshire overthrown. The manner and true order of the fight This packet, please it you, cont
 weakened, I think, but her will was strong, and when next I called she had left the town. I traced her to Baden, and then after a time heard that her maid was here. I'm a rough f
d that I was to say nothing about him to anyone." "My good fellow, this is a very serious business, and you may find yourself in a pretty bad position if you try to hide anything from 
remity of rage. ABBESS. Hath he not lost much wealth by wreck of sea? Buried some dear friend? Hath not else his eye Stray'd his affection in unl
another scandal on him, That he is open to incontinency. That's not my meaning. But breathe his faults so quaintly That they may 
company or at my beads, With you, mine alder-liefest sovereign, Makes me the bolder to salute my king With ruder terms, such as my wit affords
 be justly weigh'd That have on both sides pass'd. OLIVIA. Alas, poor fool, how have they baffl'd thee! CLO
r woman," she cried. "I know it! Why else should you hold it from me? Was it to your wife that you were writing? How am I to know th
entric behaviour. I was merely going on the idea that if the silver had been taken by persons who did not want it, who merel
rrival he came straight over here to claim his share. He walked over from the station, and was admitted by my faithful Lal Chowdar, who is now dead. Morstan 
ming arms; Not to break peace, or any branch of it, But to establish here a peace indeed, Concurring both in name and quality. WESTMORELAND. When ever yet was your appeal denied; Whe
oyalty! Here is my bed; sleep give thee all his rest! HERMIA. With half that wish the wisher's eyes be press'd! [They sleep] Enter PUCK PUCK. Through the forest have
ck mixed with mine; not that I had any dislike to the lad, but his blood was in him, and that was enough. I stood firm. McCart
lf-proved theories, but that I should retain and work out my own ideas until I had satisfied myself that they were correct. For this reason I am not 
ned at a right angle at the farther end. Round this corner were three doors in a line, the first and third of which were open. They each led into an empty room, dusty and cheerless, with two 
 hand, towards a gap in the hedge. Holmes followed him, and I, leaving the horse grazing beside the road, f
 as Claudio's, to cross this in the smallest. DUKE. By the vow of mine order, I warrant you, if my instructions may be your guide. Let this Barnardine be this morning exec
hene'er it lights, That this same child of honour and renown, This gallant Hotspur, this all-praised knight, And your unthought of Harry 
king, And wet his grave with my repentant tears- I will with all expedient duty see you. For divers unknown reasons, I beseech you
so much as sip on a cup with the proudest of them all; and yet there has been earls, nay, which is more, pensioners; but, I warrant you, all is one with her. FALSTAFF. But what says
went, at great risk, to your dressing-room, opened your bureau, took out your coronet, broke off by main force a small portion
lse- Aiming, belike, at your interior hatred That in your outward action shows itself Against my children, brothers, and myself- Makes him to send that he may learn the ground. GLOUCESTER. I c
 crying in an arm-chair, and I could hardly get him to speak coherently. It was his suggestion that I should come round to you, and of course I at once saw the propriety
tage of consumption. She had wintered at Davos Platz, and was journeying now to join her friends at Lucerne, when a sudden hemorrhage had overtaken her. It was though
be somebody in the house who has taken it. To whom would the thief take it? To one of several international spies and secret agents, whose names are tolerably familiar to me. There are three who may
h terrible results served to increase rather than to lessen the horror which it inspired in the minds of men. None knew who belonged to this ruthless socie
avour, Only convey me where thou art commanded. STANLEY. Why, madam, that is to the Isle of Man, There to be us'd according to your state. DUCHESS. That's bad enough, for I am but reproach- And sha
s] For Edward will defend the town and thee, And all those friends that deign to follow me. March. Enter M
le horsemanship. Hot. No more, no more! Worse than the sun in March, This praise doth nourish agues. Let them come. They come like sacrifices in their trim, And to the fire-
ius!' cast up their caps and lances. COMINIUS and LARTIUS stand bare May these same instruments which you profane Never sound more! When drums and trumpets shall I' th' field prove flatte
ead for wrongs; Who hast not in thy brows an eye discerning Thine honour from thy suffering; that not know'st Fools do those vil
e. "If you had helped justice, instead of thwarting it in this way, you would have had a better chance at your trial." "Justice!" snarled the ex-
'll show you my plan and I'll ask you to fit the others into it. You will all come in good time. Very well. He comes at ten. He is to tap three times, and me to open the door for him. Then I'll ge
re to the furthest verge That ever was survey'd by English eye- That all the treasons for these eighteen years Complotted and contrived in this land Fetch f
unds. But, good Laertes, Will you do this? Keep close within your chamber. Will return'd shall know you are come home. W
t men went about in fear and trembling, and that even in the heart of the wilderness they dared not whisper the doubts which op
rsecution does not arise from him. I really think that we may eliminate him entirely from our calculations. There remain the people who will actually surround Sir Henry Bas
s dead before he fell. I read death on his face as plain as I can read that text over the fire. The bare sight of me was like a bullet through his guilty heart." "And then?" "Then Nancy fainted, and 
sense? KING. Ay, that is study's god-like recompense. BEROWNE. Come on, then; I will swear to study so, To know the thing I am f
ly on my son? What means that hand upon that breast of thine? Why holds thine eye that lamentable rheum, Like a proud river pee
 no one molests her upon that last journey. I think, Watson, that we must spare time to run down together on Saturday morning, and make sure that this curious and inconclusiv
. Thank you. Now some of that litter from the mantelpiece. Excellent, Watson! There is a sugar-tongs there. Kindly raise that small ivory
 clenched I was positive that you were indeed thinking of the gallantry which was shown by both sides in that desperate struggle. But then, again, your face grew sadder, you s
nd it had sunk deep into the wood of the wall behind him. He was pinned like a beetle on a card. Of course, he was quite dead, and had been so from the instant that he had ut
rd? ROSALIND. Not one to throw at a dog. CELIA. No, thy words are too precious to be cast away upon curs; throw
you depending, Counts it your weal he have his liberty. KING JOHN. Let it be so. I do commit his youth To your direction. Enter HUBERT [Aside] Hubert, what ne
 a true substantial form, And present execution of our wills To us and to our purposes confin'd- We come within our awful banks again, And kni
mooth and speak him fair, And tarry with him till I turn again. TITUS. [Aside] I knew them all, though they suppos'd me mad, And 
an occasional friend of Arthur's. Sir George Burnwell has been several times lately. No one else, I think." "Do you go out much in society?" "Arthur does. Mary and I stay at h
of the marriage-bed. ADRIANA. But, were you wedded, you would bear some sway. LUCIANA. Ere I learn love, I'll practise t
palace gates. NORTHUMBERLAND. Yes, Warwick, I remember it to my grief; And, by his soul, thou and thy house shall rue it. WESTMORELAND. Plantagenet, of thee, an
 and I shall prove A lover of thy drum, hater of love. Exeunt ACT III. SCENE 4. Rousillon. The COUNT'S palace Enter COUNTESS a
s What He Can Do Light In The Darkness Part II On The Great Alkali Plain The Flower Of Utah John Ferrier Talks With The Proph
g with a face as white as the plate upon which he looked. Across the centre of it was lying a little cylinder of blue-gray paper. He caught it up, devoured it 
go seek the King. This is the very ecstasy of love, Whose violent property fordoes itself And leads the will to desperate unde
 the matter which present the greatest difficulties, let the enquirer begin by mastering more elementary problems. Let him, on meeting a fellow-mortal, learn at a glance to distinguish
tly. "You must know something of this matter, Cowper. I conjure you by everything you hold dear to answer a few questions. We have always been friends. For God's sake, don't refuse t
g that there was very little ink in the bottle. Now, a private pen or ink-bottle is seldom allowed to be in such a state, and the co
ll say she did embrace me as a husband, And so extenuate the forehand sin. No, Leonato, I never tempted her with word too large, But, as a brother to his sister, show'd Bashful sincerity and comel
mandizing; know the grave doth gape For thee thrice wider than for other men- Reply not to me with a fool-born jest; Presume not that I am the thing I was, For God doth know, so shall 
s I come in a direct line from Hugo Baskerville, and as I had the story from my father, who also had it from his, I have set it down with all belief that it occurred even as is here set forth. 
ed a check, which he tore from the book, but he refrained from handing it to his companion. "After all, since we 
t I see that she has left it upon the side-table." I took it up and glanced at it. "Mr. Victor Hatherley, hydraulic engineer, 16A, Vi
the blow; unless it swell past hiding, and then it's past watching PANDARUS. You are such another! Enter TROILUS' BOY BOY. Sir, my lord would instantly spe
ty. My lord, these griefs shall be with speed redress'd; Upon my soul, they shall. If this may please you, Discharge your powers 
rselves all! You are idle shallow things; I am not of your element; you shall know more hereafter. Exit SIR TOBY. Is't possible? FABIAN. If this were play'd upon 
 my big-swol'n heart Upon that Clifford, that cruel child-killer. CLIFFORD. I slew thy father; call'st thou him a child? RICHARD. Ay, like a dasta
 of a word. You are aware that Johann Faber is the most common maker's name. Is it not clear that there is just as much of the pencil le
ds Sherlock Holmes was on the roof, and I could see him like an enormous glow-worm crawling very slowly along the ridge. I lost sight of him behind a stack
CE. Shall I tell thee one thing, Poins? POINS. Yes, faith; and let it be an excellent good thing. PRINCE
, God before, We'll chide this Dauphin at his father's door. Therefore let every man now task his thought That this fair action may on foot be brought. 
of money?" "No; his needs were very simple and his salary ample. He had saved a few hundreds, and we were to marry at the New Year." "No signs of any mental excitement? Come, Miss Wes
 play some heavenly match, And on the wager lay two earthly women, And Portia one, there must be something else
 envious tongues. Be just, and fear not; Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's, Thy God's, and truth's; then, if thou fall'
withal. Wear it, enjoy it, and make much of it. RICHMOND. Great God of heaven, say Amen to all! But, teLL me is young George Stanley living. DERBY. He is, my lord, and safe in Le
er saw it. KING. Thou speak'st it falsely, as I love mine honour; And mak'st conjectural fears to come into me Which I would fain shut out. If it 
 of it will come before we all get our death of cold," said the London detective with comic resignation. We all had good reason to join in the aspirat
e while, that we Must lave our honors in these flattering streams, And make our faces vizards to our hearts, Di
d to swear that those were the exact words. He tried desperately to say something else, and he held his right hand up in the air. Then he fell back dead. "In the meantime the ho
 show a merry cheer; Since you are dear bought, I will love you dear. But let me hear the letter of your friend. BASSANIO. [Reads] 'Sweet Bassanio, my ships have all miscarried, my c
 man: to-day he puts forth The tender leaves of hopes; to-morrow blossoms And bears his blushing honours thick upon him; The third day comes a
 parle- KING JOHN. For our advantage; therefore hear us first. These flags of France, that are advanced here Before the eye and prospect of your town, Have hither march'd to your endamag
 Mrs. Porter, the old cook and housekeeper, who declared that she had slept deeply and heard no sound during the night. Nothi
ed in an instant to horror and pity. For a while he could not get his words out, but swayed his body and plucked at his hair like one who has been driven to the extreme limits of his r
hall trenching war channel her fields, Nor Bruise her flow'rets with the armed hoofs Of hostile paces. Those opposed eyes Which, like the meteors of a troubled heave
 the body. Can you give me his name and address?" Lestrade glanced at his note-book. "John Rance," he said.
 some wine with me, And we like friends will straightway go together. BRUTUS. [Aside.] That every like is not the same, O Caesar, The heart of Br
 master loves you- O, such love Could be but recompens'd though you were crown'd The nonpareil of beauty! OLIVIA. How does he love me? VIOLA. With adorations, fertile tears, With gr
 did proceed? O know sweet love I always write of you, And you and love are still my argument: So all my
indow. I could not find my stick, and he said, 'Never mind, my boy; I shall see a good deal of you now, I hope, and I will keep your stick until you come back to claim it.'
and down the veins, Making that idiot, laughter, keep men's eyes And strain their cheeks to idle merriment, A passion hateful to my purposes; Or if that thou 
wn suppliers. Now, look at that third name. Just read it out to me." "Mrs. Oakshott, 117, Brixton Road--249," read Holmes. "Quite so. Now turn that up in the ledger." Hol
Yankee crook would be into that with a can-opener. If I'd known that any letter of mine was goin' to lie loose in a 
ing his companions through the gap, led the way across the fields at the top of his speed, supporting and half-carrying the girl when her 
cing an instrument through the slit between the sashes, and the second by the catch being pressed back. "There was a pause then for about ten minutes, as if the person were waiting to see whethe
lers, and Evans and I, who were the most educated of the party, were sitting in the sheets working out our position and planning what coast
yesterday." "On which side were the marks on the grass?" "This side, sir. This narrow margin of grass between the path and the flower-bed. I can't see the traces now, but they were clear to me
to say to you, except that when my time comes I'll die the easier when I think of the work I have done in this valley. Now, Marvin, I'll keep you no more. 
eavenly guards! What would your gracious figure? Queen. Alas, he's mad! Ham. Do you not come your tardy son to chide, That, laps'd in time and passion, lets go by 
nce; Lest I, by marking of your rage, forget Your worth, your greatness and nobility. BIGOT. Out, dunghill! Dar'st thou brave a nobleman? HUBERT. Not for my life; but yet I dare defend My innoc
ck your cheeks! rage! blow! You cataracts and hurricanoes, spout Till you have drench'd our steeples, drown'd the cocks! You sulph'rous and thought-executing fires, Vaunt-couriers to oak-cleaving t
 Come, let us go; Our corn's to reap, for yet our tithe's to sow. Exeunt SCENE II. The prison Enter PROVOS
leon-gone-wrong at one end, and a hundred broken fighting men, pickpockets, blackmailers, and card sharpers at the other, with every sort of crime in between
would not buy Their mercy at the price of one fair word, Nor check my courage for what they can give, To have't with saying 'Good morrow.' SICINIUS. F
d the door without; let him not pass, But kill him rather. I'll after that same villain, For 'tis a damned slave. Exeunt all but Othello and Emilia. OTHELLO. I am not valiant neither, But ever
say the children are not in the fault; whereupon the world increases, and kindreds are mightily strengthened. POINS. How ill it follows, after you have
ilver fountains mud, Clouds and eclipses stain both moon and sun, And loathsome canker lives in sweetest bud. All men make faults, and even I in this, Autho
ut that! In both my eyes he doubly sees himself, In each eye one; swear by your double self, And there's an oat
hen seen quarrelling he was face to face with his father. Still, it did not go for very much, for the older man might have turned his back before the 
 of that great forest which for so long held the Saxon invaders at bay--the impenetrable "weald," for sixty y
u altogether a wise man. As much foolery as I have, so much wit thou lack'st. APEMANTUS. That answer might have become Apemantus. VARRO'S SERVANT. Aside, aside; here comes Lord 
IUS. Your Coriolanus is not much miss'd But with his friends. The commonwealth doth stand, And so would do, were he more angry at it. MENENIUS. All's well, and might have been much bett
r a lad of mettle." Several of those who sat around heard his words and applauded them. "What's that?" cried the black-maned Bodymaster from the end of the table. "'Tis our new bro
. You can tell your friends that we should have been happy to have come with you, but that urgent business required us to be in town. We hope
sting little problems which the complex life of London so plentifully presents." THE ADVENTURE OF THE NORWOOD BUILDER "From the point of view of the criminal expert," said Mr. Sherlock Holm
 with a torch. Edg. This is the foul fiend Flibbertigibbet. He begins at curfew, and walks till the first cock. He gives t
breast, his eyes fixed upon the glowing embers. For half an hour he was silent and still. Then, with the gesture of a man who has taken his decision,
t the beginning. That's all there," he indicated my bundle of papers, "and a mighty queer yarn you'll find it. It all comes down to this: That there are some men that have goo
 Exit TITUS. O, here I lift this one hand up to heaven, And bow this feeble ruin to the earth; If any power pities wretched tears, To that I call! [To LAVINIA] What, would'st thou kneel wit
 our sea-walled garden, the whole land, Is full of weeds; her fairest flowers chok'd up, Her fruit trees all unprun'd, her hedges ruin'd, Her knots disordered, and her wholesome herbs Swarming with c
hey walked along the Parade, and I was never more than a hundred yards from them. At last I saw them hire a boat and start for a row, for it was a very hot day, and they thought, no doubt, that
t With modest warrant. SICINIUS. Sir, how comes't that you Have holp to make this rescue? MENENIUS. Hear me speak. As I do know the consul's worthiness, So can I name his faults
her O thou minion of her pleasure, She may detain, but not still keep her treasure! Her audit (though delayed) answered must be, And her quietus is to render thee.
 that rough community. Another incident, however, raised him even higher in their estimation. Just at the
mured Holmes, as he stood in the light of the window and examined them minutely. "Very strange indeed!" Stooping with one of his quick feline pounces, he placed the slipper upon the b
will be found a dangerous Protector. BUCKINGHAM. Why should he then protect our sovereign, He being of age to govern of himself? Cousin of
ph we found in his pocket is the man himself, so that he may not knife the wrong person. He dogs the fellow, he sees him 
a spotless virgin's chastity, To reave the orphan of his patrimony, To wring the widow from her custom'd right, And have no other reason for this wrong But that he was bound by a s
Brutus took to wife. I grant I am a woman, but withal A woman well reputed, Cato's daughter. Think you I am no stronger than my sex, Being so father'd and so husbanded? Tell me your counsels, I 
SALIND. Why, then, to-morrow I cannot serve your turn for Rosalind? ORLANDO. I can live no longer by t
tant womankind! I tell thee, Licio, this is wonderful. HORTENSIO. Mistake no more; I am not Licio. Nor a musician as I seem to be; But one that scorn to li
, a pearl; Between our Ilium and where she resides Let it be call'd the wild and wand'ring flood; Ourself the merchant, and this sailing Pandar Our doubtful hope,
termined that the law should have its way in everything. "'At least,' said he, 'you will not have me arrested at once. It would be to your advantage as well as mine if I might leave the house
s for company to countenance her. CURTIS. I call them forth to credit her. GRUMIO. Why, she comes to borrow nothing of
arlier than usual, and found that Sherlock Holmes had not yet finished his breakfast. The landlady had become so accustomed to my late habits that my pla
 come to cope. Alb. Which is that adversary? Edg. What's he that speaks for Edmund Earl of Gloucester? Edm
 And, for my heart disdained that my tongue Should so profane the word, that taught me craft To counterfeit oppression of such grief 
. LUCIUS. Here is a sick man that would speak with you. BRUTUS. Caius Ligarius, that Metellus spake 
as we are, let's stay within this house. WARWICK. The bloody parliament shall this be call'd, Unless Plantagenet, Duke of York, be King, And bashful Hen
ion, Shake in their fear and with pale policy Seek to divert the English purposes. O England! model to thy inward greatness, Like little body with a mighty heart
nt." He hurried for the door, and knocked in his peculiar way. We could see a tall old woman admit him, and swa
d fellow of Rome-I came, saw, and overcame. PRINCE JOHN. It was more of his courtesy than your deserving. FALSTAFF. I know not. Here he is, and here I yi
ll have a hempen caudle then, and the help of hatchet. DICK. Why dost thou quiver, man? SAY. The palsy, and not fear, provokes me. CADE. Nay, he nods at us
ut upon the palm of his hand. "Your Majesty has something which I should value even more highly," said Holmes. "You have but to name it." "This photograph!" The King stared at him in a
 up, Hector's life is done. HECTOR. I am unarm'd; forego this vantage, Greek. ACHILLES. Strike, fellows, strike; this is the man I seek. [HECTOR falls] So, Ilion, fa
pled mud into a corner behind the curtain in order to give the idea someone had waited for him, opened the window, put blood on the--" "We can surely dismiss that
ool; And, though she be but little, she is fierce. HERMIA. 'Little' again! Nothing but 'low' and 'little'! Why will you suffer her to flout me thus? Let me come to her. LYSANDER. G
extent modified. He still came to me from time to time when he desired a companion in his investigation, but these occasions grew more and more seldom, until I find that in the year 1890 there were o
wever, I determined to act on the idea. I started at once in this harmless seaman's rig and inquired at all the yards down the river. I drew blank at fif
near the edge peering down at the gleam of the breaking water far below us against the black rocks, and listening to the half-human shout which came booming up with the spray ou
st." "I shall be happy to give you any information in my power." "Was it in this room that you gave your instructions as to the copying of the document?" "It
D. Here comes Boyet. Re-enter BOYET PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Now, what admittance, lord? BOYET. Navarre had notice of your fair approac
 that complains unto the King That I, forsooth, am stern and love them not? By holy Paul, they love his Grace but lightly That fill
WARWICK. How now, fair lords! What fare? What news abroad? RICHARD. Great Lord of Warwick, if we should recount Our bal
to Rome. TITUS. Let it be so, and let Andronicus Make this his latest farewell to their souls. [Sound trumpets and lay the cof
soul is too much charged With blood of thine already. MACDUFF. I have no words. My voice is in my sword, thou bloodier villain Than terms can give thee out! They fight. MACBETH. Thou lose
e. This love of theirs myself have often seen, Haply when they have judg'd me fast asleep, And oftentimes have purpos'd to forbid Sir Valentine her company and my court; But, fearing le
als were not destined to fall into the hands of justice. As we rolled into Eyford Station we saw a gigantic column of smoke which streamed up from behind a small clump of trees in t
rom the opposite direction to that in which I had come. He was clad in a dark suit, and I saw that h
 heart and died. You remember that last night when I came through that door I begged and prayed you for mer
 Staunton, and I am convinced that the best service you can do to that gentleman is to return at once to London and to report to your employer that you are unable to trace him. Your time in
that I do not hesitate to say that within a week of the publication of that letter this country would be involved in a great war." Holmes wrote a name upon a
. The kitchen stands right at the back of the house." "How did the burglar know no one would hear it? How dared he pull at a bell-rope in that reckless fashion?" "Exactly, Mr. Holmes, exactly.
rth beneath. Finally he asked the chief clerk to close the iron shutters, and he pointed out to me that they hardly met in the centre, and t
tead of confining yourself to the task of placing upon record that severe reasoning from cause to effect which is really the only notable feature about the thing." 
 Like madness is the glory of this life, As this pomp shows to a little oil and root. We make ourselves
," said he putting his finger upon the little disc and loop of the hat-securer. "They are never sold upon hats. If this man ordered one, it is a sig
s. Enter a LORD from bunting, with his train LORD. Huntsman, I charge thee, tender well my hounds; Brach Merriman, the poor cur, is emboss'd; And couple Clowder with the deep-mouth'd brac
eat business scant For she is with me. No, when light-wing'd toys Of feather'd Cupid seel with wanton dullness My speculative and officed instruments, That my disports corrupt and
l you that it is four or none with us.' "'Nonsense!' he broke in. 'What have three black fellows to do with our agreement?' "'Black or blue,' said I, 'they are in with me, and we all go together.
TED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED O
oman coin, scarce seen. BOYET. The pommel of Coesar's falchion. DUMAIN. The carv'd-bone face on a flask. BEROWNE. Saint Geo
age must be withstood: Give me his gage-lions make leopards tame. MOWBRAY. Yea, but not change his spots. Take but my shame, And I resign my gage. My dear dear lord, T
reathe the welkin dim And stain the sun with fog, as sometime clouds When they do hug him in their melting bosoms. MARCUS. O brother, speak with p
e whose tailors are as dear as yours Can justly boast of. What's your lordship's pleasure? CLOTEN. Your lady's person; is she ready? LADY. Ay, To keep her chamber. CL
h a most monstrous watch is at the door. Fal. Out, ye rogue! Play out the play. I have much to say in the behalf of that Falstaff. Enter the Hostess. H
sy just now, but I will find time to make some inquiries into your case. In the meantime take no step without letting me know. Good-bye, and I 
 do you too, where you perceive them thick. These growing feathers pluck'd from Caesar's wing Will make him fly an ordinary pitch, Who else would soar above the view of men And keep 
orts to your bosom, and bestow Your needful counsel to our business, Which craves the instant use. Glou. I serve you, madam. Your Grac
 and mother; Breaking his oath and resolution like A twist of rotten silk; never admitting Counsel o' th' war; but at his nurse's tears He whin'd and r
ALENCON. Had all your quarters been as safely kept As that whereof I had the government, We had not been thus shamefully surpris'd. BASTARD. Mine was secure. REIGNIER. And so was mine, my lor
y thus I answer you: Your love deserves my thanks, but my desert Unmeritable shuns your high request. First, if all obstacles were cut away, A
 his breath and the cigar fell from his fingers. "Who--who's this?" he stammered. "It is Selden, the man who escaped from Princetown." Sta
s hansom drove away. Give me a glass of water, if you please. My mouth gets dry with the talking." I handed him the glass, and he drank it down. "That's better," he said
s of that dignity That it went hand in hand even with the vow I made to her in marriage, and to decline Upon a wretch whose natural gifts were poor To those of mine! But virtue, as it
r degree, and the dungeon your place- a place deep enough; so shall you be still Colville of the Dale. COLVILLE. Are not you 
it, sir," said Douglas. "May I smoke as I talk? Well, thank you, Mr. Holmes. You're a smoker yourself, if I remember right, an
 may lessen his guilt if I say that it was done in self-defence, and that John Straker was a man who was e
ave long been aware. I believe that on the day of the murder Adair had discovered that Moran was cheating. Very likely he had spoken 
ock Holmes. "Brag and bounce!" thought I to myself. "He knows that I cannot verify his guess." The thoug
was the well-marked print of a thumb. "Look at that with your magnifying glass, Mr. Holmes." "Yes, I am doing so." "You are aware that no two thumb marks ar
 for my heart is full. IAGO. I told him what I thought, and told no more Than what he found himself was apt and true. EMILIA. But did you ever t
 handcuffs over his wrists. It was all done so swiftly and deftly that the fellow was helpless before he knew that he was attacked. He glared from
air. "You are an enthusiast in your line of thought, I perceive, sir, as I am in mine," said he. "I observe from your forefinger that you make your own cigarettes. Have no hesitation in lighti
 Highness; where you may Enjoy your mistress, from the whom, I see, There's no disjunction to be made but by, As heavens forfend! your ruin- marry her; And with my best endeavours in your absence
UTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR US
. [Beating him] Out of my door, you witch, you hag, you. baggage, you polecat, you ronyon! Out, out! 
g reign of terror. Day was breaking now, and a line of workmen were slowly making their way, singly and in groups, along the b
 just as by your own account he was telling them that there was danger, he broke short off. What could it mean except that from the window he had suddenly either caught si
not call, beshrew thy heart. Welcome, my little tiny thief and welcome indeed too. I'll drink to Master Bardolph, and to all the cabileros about London. DAVY. I hop
-stool. Lear. And here's another, whose warp'd looks proclaim What store her heart is made on. Stop her there! Arms, arms! sword! fire! Corruption in the place! False justicer, why 
 No, they were well at peace when I did leave 'em. MACDUFF. Be not a niggard of your speech. How goest? ROSS. When I came hither to transpor
 resolution Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, And enterprises of great pith and moment With this regard their curre
y most grievous curse, Which in the day of battle tire thee more Than all the complete armour that thou wear'st! My prayers on the adverse p
pearance had never been made in the lodge. Hands clapped him on the back, and the hood was plucked from his head. He stood blinking and smiling amid the congra
ould move me sooner. CLOTEN. To thy further fear, Nay, to thy mere confusion, thou shalt know I am son to th' Queen
Ginty's saloon, whispering across the bar to the Boss that the job had been well carried through. Others, and among them McMurdo, broke away in
esires. SALISBURY. We do believe thee; and beshrew my soul But I do love the favour and the form Of this most fair occasion, by the which We wil
or lose his hire. VIRGILIA. His bloody brow? O Jupiter, no blood! VOLUMNIA. Away, you fool! It more becomes a man Than gilt his trophy. The breasts of Hecuba, When she did suckle 
this persecution does not arise from him. I really think that we may eliminate him entirely from our calculations. There remain the people who will actua
ds be pitied. Queen. What would she have? Gent. She speaks much of her father; says she hears There's tricks i' th' world
 deal." "Then I was right." "To that extent." "But that was all." "No, no, my dear Watson, not all--by no means all. I would suggest, for example, that a presentation to a doctor is more l
ld us. Once only we saw a trace that someone had passed that perilous way before us. From amid a tuft o
e may be sure that it is indeed the man.' "The light had flickered onwards, now stopping and now advancing, until I could see two dark figures upon the other side of the moat. I let them scramble dow
will swear, drink, dance, Revel the night, rob, murder, and commit The oldest sins the newest kind of ways? Be happy, he will trouble you no more. England shall double gild his 
thout the girl's knowledge, and the plaster over the face had been for the purpose of making recognition diff
 fortune serve me, I'll requite this kindness. Now for this night let's harbour here in York; And when the morning sun shall
n." "Just as you like." "If you will do this I think the chances are that our little problem will soon be solved. I have no doubt--" He stopped suddenly and stared fixe
ft loses both itself and friend, And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry. This above all- to thine own self be true, And 
nner that her words arrested me, and I stood irresolute before the door. "'I will trust you on one condition, and on o
s waitin' outside the door, sir, and I could hear him. At last he outs into the passage, and he cries, 'Is that man never goin' to come?' Those were his very words, sir. 'You'll only need to
 rascally tisick so troubles me, and the foolish fortune of this girl, and what one thing, what another, that I shall leave you one o' th's days; and I have a rheum in mine eyes too, and such an ac
father, with a tameness which mad my blood boil. "'"I've not had my 'pology," said he sulkily, glancing in my direction. "'"Victor, you will acknowledge that you have used 
ing mute, When others would give life, and bring a tomb. There lives more life in one of your fair eyes, Than bot
 unconstant. KING EDWARD. Now welcome more, and ten times more belov'd, Than if thou never hadst deserv'd our hate. GLOUCESTER. Welcome, good Clarence; this is brother-lik
ll you do, now my necessity Makes me to ask you for my purse? It grieves me Much more for what I cannot do for you Than what befalls myself. You stand amaz'd; But be of comfort. SECOND OFFICER. Come
Hadst thou done so, The kings that have revolted, and the soldier That has this morning left thee, would have still Followe
. The commonwealth is sick of their own choice; Their over-greedy love hath surfeited. An habitation giddy and unsure Hath he that buildeth on the vulgar heart. O thou fo
ea That chides the banks of England, Scotland, Wales, Which calls me pupil or hath read to me? And bring him out that is but woman's son Can trace me in the tedious 
en that I could not bear to part with, although I had got it out with the design of sending it to her. You, m
lords, you speak your pleasures. What he deserves of you and me I know; What we can do to him-though now the time Gives way to us-I much fear. If you cannot Bar his access to
s too. CHIEF JUSTICE. Do you set down your name in the scroll of youth, that are written down old with all the characters of age? Have y
r-priz'd all popular rate, in my false brother Awak'd an evil nature; and my trust, Like a good parent, did beget of him A falsehood, in its contrary as great A
oth very kind," she answered. "I have led a retired life, and have no friends whom I could appeal to. If I am here at six it will do, I suppose?" "You m
and violent nature, others would have to pay the price if we held our hands. Any night, for example, our neighbours the Stapletons might be attacked by him, and it may have been the t
ays will finish up the year, How many years a mortal man may live. When this is known, then to divide the times- So many hours must I tend my f
she shall be my love, or else my queen. Say that King Edward take thee for his queen? LADY GREY. 'Tis better said 
rey Staunton, and I am convinced that the best service you can do to that gentleman is to return at once to London and to report to you
everal times. SILVIA. Belike she thinks that Proteus hath forsook her. JULIA. I think she doth, and that's her cause
ed where the path zigzagged from tuft to tuft of rushes among those green-scummed pits and foul quagmires which barred the way to the stranger. Rank reeds and lush, slimy water-plants se
of them in a row, three of which were simply dirty, while the fourth was shuttered up. They were evidently a
 in its characteristics. But you were very young when you last saw Baskerville Hall, were you not?" "I was a boy in my 'tee
lear upon the matter." "But when will that be?" "The time has come. You will now be present at the last scene of a remarkable little drama." The
. That is a very important point. The presumption is that it was within a few minutes afterwards. The cards still lay upon the table. It was already past their usual hour for bed. 
'd to die. ESCALUS. You have paid the heavens your function, and the prisoner the very debt of your call
droom last night. Once the bridge was up, I guess he thought he was safe." "I should like these dates a little clearer," said MacDonald. "It is quite six years since
. His letters were to be forwarded to 226 Gordon Square; so thither I travelled, and being fortunate enough to find the loving couple at home, I ventured to g
 now to tell you what has occurred to bring me here to-night. "Some weeks ago Mr. Blessington came down to me in, as it seemed to me, a state of considerable agitation. He 
most immodest word Be look'd upon and learnt; which once attain'd, Your Highness knows, comes to no further use But to be known and hated. So, l
 prefer thee. Go with me. IMOGEN. I'll follow, sir. But first, an't please the gods, I'll hide my master from the f
s, and do them grace. In the base court? Come down? Down, court! down, king! For night-owls shriek where mounting larks should sing. Exeunt from above BOLINGBROKE. What say
and, I said that I would play the game fairly by you, and I do not think it is a fair game to allow you for one unnecessary moment
e a better day's work than you. I have identified the dead man." "You don't say so?" "And found a cause for the crime." "Splendid!" "We have an inspector who makes a specialty of Saffr
t is not possible. You have not a man in all Athens able to discharge Pyramus but he. FLUTE. No; he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft man i
 a swarthy Ethiope. I will forget that Julia is alive, Rememb'ring that my love to her is dead; And Valentine I'll hold an enemy, Aiming at Silvia as a sweeter friend. I cannot now prove constant 
-" "My dear Watson, can you doubt that it was to him that I first applied? I do not know whether it came from his own innate depravity or from the promptings of his master,
ere ripe, and pointing out to him that it is only appropriate that this long series of episodes should culminate in the mos
ajor Sholto when he first learned that the injured convict was upon his track. "You forget that we know nothing of all this," said Holmes quietly. "We have
 was pinned upon the table, while the chaplain stood with a smoking pistol in his hand at his elbow. The two mates had both been seized by the crew, an
t They'll be in fresher robes, or they will pluck The gay new coats o'er the French soldiers' heads And turn them out of service. If they do this- As, if God please, they shall- my ransom then W
love's particular, be more To me, your friend, than any. WOLSEY. I do profess That for your Highness' good I ever labour'd More than mine own; that am, have, and will b
ulness, And shall forget the office of our hand Sooner than quittance of desert and merit According to the weight and worthiness. SCROOP.
uard,' said I. The two Sikhs closed in upon him on each side, and the giant walked behind, while they marched in through the dark gate-way. Neve
g which he had observed. Every now and then, by an effort, he would throw off the impression and talk as if the matt
say. I will not swear these are my hands. Let's see. I feel this pin prick. Would I were assur'd Of my condition! Cor. O, look upon me, sir, And hold your hands 
you- You that will be less fearful than discreet; That love the fundamental part of state More than you doubt the
 friend, the Doctor, is right, and that it readily dissolves." "This may be very interesting," said Lestrade, in the injured tone of one who suspects that he is being laughe
ring angel shall my sister be When thou liest howling. Ham. What, the fair Ophelia? Queen. Sweets to the sweet! Farewell. [Scatters flowers.] I hop'd thou shouldst h
bring away the plaintiffs. By this time our sexton hath reformed Signior Leonato of the matter. And, masters, do not forget to specify, when time and place shall serve,
be drunk. But I'll swear it; and I would thou wouldst be a tall fellow of thy hands. AUTOLYCUS. I will prove so, sir, to my power. CLOWN. Ay, 
ess. PROVOST. You, sirrah, provide your block and your axe to-morrow four o'clock. ABHORSON. Come on, bawd; I will instruct thee in my trade; follow. POMPEY. I do desire to learn, sir; and I ho
ch on thy royal party granted once, His glittering arms he will commend to rust, His barbed steeds to stables, and his heart To faithful s
h' Capitol, yond cornerstone? SICINIUS. Why, what of that? MENENIUS. If it be possible for you to displace it with your 
ce concluded that Straker was leading a double life, and keeping a second establishment. The nature 
s That no man is the lord of anything, Though in and of him there be much consisting, Till he communicate his parts to others; Nor doth he of 
lander'd to death by villains, That dare as well answer a man indeed As I dare take a serpent by the tongue. 
 fellow, Thy general is my lover. I have been The book of his good acts whence men have read His fame unparallel'd ha
to th' Volscian lords how plainly I have borne this business. AUFIDIUS. Only their ends You have respected; stopp'd your ears against The general suit of Rome; never admitted A private whisper- 
was a double stream upon the stair, some going up in hope, and some coming back dejected; but we wedged in a
 and CALCHAS ACHILLES and PATROCLUS stand in their tent ULYSSES. Achilles stands i' th' entrance of his tent. Please it our general pass strangely by him, As if he were forgot; and, Prin
at me with so strange an expression that I began to suspect that her brain was affected. "'"I am strong enough, Mr. Musgrave," said she. "'"We will see what the doctor says," I answered. "You must
e was I bold, To trust those tables that receive thee more: To keep an adjunct to remember thee Were to import forgetfulness in me. 123 No! Time, thou shalt not boast that I do change, Thy pyramid
in any record. During the winter of that year and the early spring of 1891, I saw in the papers that he had been engaged by the French government upon a m
ching whale; then is he yonder, And there the strawy Greeks, ripe for his edge, Fall down before him like the mower's swath. Here, there, and everywhere, he leaves and takes; Dexterity so obeying a
s in that direction. And if we take this as a working hypothesis we have a fresh basis from which to start our construction of this unknown visitor." "Well,
- Harry, I do not only marvel where thou spendest thy time, but also how thou art accompanied. For though the camomile, 
 He may have observed it, for there was a touch of defiance in his voice and manner as he proceeded. "It was all very bad, no doubt," said he. "I should like to know how many fell
 very dangerous. I rather tell thee what is to be fear'd Than what I fear, for always I am Caesar. Come on my right hand
cried the high, snarling voice. "It will bring you into the dock, Holmes, not me. He asked me to come here to cure him. I was sorry for him and I came. Now he will prete
 sir, that very oft, When I am dull with care and melancholy, Lightens my humour with his merry jests. What, will you walk with me about the town, And then go 
ase hung upon one point. Fixing her with my eye in a way which I always found effective with women, I asked her at what hour her son returned. "'I do not know,' she 
mankind. MALVOLIO. Do you know what you say? MARIA. La you, an you speak ill of the devil, how he takes it at heart! Pray God he be not bewitched. FABIAN. Carry h
w we have the Sherlock Holmes' test, and there will no longer be any difficulty." His eyes fairly glittered as he spoke, and he put his hand over his heart and bowed as
 all the host. TROILUS. You understand me not that tell me so. I do not speak of flight, of fear of death, But dare all imminence that gods and men Address their dangers in. Hector
 chorus of groans, cries, and bleatings! What a rag-bag of singular happenings! But surely the most valuable hunting-ground that ever was given to a student of the unusual! This person is a
ke before we are ready to do so. Another day--two at the most--and I have my case complete, but until then guard your charge as closely as ever a fond mother watched her ailing child. Your missio
 grace. Happy is Hermia, wheresoe'er she lies, For she hath blessed and attractive eyes. How came her eyes so bright? Not with salt tears; If so, my eyes ar
larum, and it thunders and lightens] What stir is this? What tumult's in the heavens? Whence cometh this alarum a
d, Watson!" said Holmes at last with an unsteady voice, "I owe you both my thanks and an apology. It was an unjustifiable experiment even f
any a time and oft In the Rialto you have rated me About my moneys and my usances; Still have I borne it with a patient shrug, For suff'rance is the badge of all our tribe; You call me 
nce; engross'd opportunities to meet her; fee'd every slight occasion that could but niggardly give me sight of her; not only bought many presents to give her, but have given largely to many
ubjects, and at their controls. Man, more divine, the master of all these, Lord of the wide world and wild wat'ry seas, Indu'd with intellectual sense and souls, Of more pre-eminence
ld meat i' th' cave; we'll browse on that Whilst what we have kill'd be cook'd. BELARIUS. [Looking into the cave] Stay, come not in. But that it eats our victuals, I should think
we were trying--all combined to work upon my nerve. It was a relief to me when at last, after a light dinner, we set out upon our expedition.
y master rise and come to me; And we will both together to the Tower, Where, he shall see, the boar will use us kindly. MESSENGER. I'll go, my lord, and tell him what you s
splashed into the water." I listened with amazement to this explanation, which Holmes delivered between the puffs of his cigarette. "But the tracks!" I cried. "I saw with my ow
ived that it also was stained yellow with nicotine. "A smoker, Mr. Holmes?" said he, speaking well-chosen English with a curious little mi
 Which way thou travellest- if along with us, We shall be joyful of thy company. VINCENTIO. Fair sir, and you my merry mistress, That with your strange encounter much amaz'd me,
you have reckon'd up, As Stephen Sly, and old John Naps of Greece, And Peter Turph, and Henry Pimpernell; And twenty more such names and men as these, Which never
 drum and colours YORK. Of Salisbury, who can report of him, That winter lion, who in rage forgets Aged contusions and all brush of time And, like a gallant in the brow of youth, Repairs him with
s marriage rather simplifies matters. The photograph becomes a double-edged weapon now. The chances are that she would be as
 Have holp to make this rescue? MENENIUS. Hear me speak. As I do know the consul's worthiness, So can I name his faults. SICINIUS. Con
o. FALSTAFF. Will you sup with me, Master Gower? CHIEF JUSTICE. What foolish master taught you these manners, S
has covered his tracks," said he. "He has left nothing to incriminate him. His dangerous correspondence has been destroyed or removed. This is our last chance." It
friend to do things in his own fashion, and contented himself with carefully noting the results. The local surgeon, an old, white-haired man, had just come down 
ective my first duty is not to arrest the whole household. Watson's reports are most incriminating documents." "But how about the case?" asked
 Mistress Page, give me some counsel. MRS. PAGE. What's the matter, woman? MRS. FORD. O woman, if it we
." "Did you see no one?" "No. I heard Mrs. Douglas coming down the stair behind me, and I rushed out to prevent her from seeing this dreadful sight. Mrs. Allen,
he matter thus- mere weakness. If The cause were not in being- part o' th' cause, She, th' adultress; for the harlot king Is quite beyond mine arm, out of the blank And level o
eth to a lover's blessed case! Nay, I have ta'en you napping, gentle love, And have forsworn you with Hortensio. BIANCA. Tranio, you jest; but have you both forsw
k. He lifted the little child, kissed her, and then, still carrying her, he held his other hand out to his wife 
scattered knots of people who lounged round the flaring stalls, my companion speedily overtook the little man and touched him upon the shoulder. He sprang round, and I could see in the gas-light tha
ROSALIND. O, come, let us remove! The sight of lovers feedeth those in love. Bring us to this sight, and you shall say I'll prove
eird sisters: To you they have show'd some truth. MACBETH. I think not of them; Yet, when we can entreat an hour to serve, We would spend it in some words upon that business, If 
en. What say you? Will you yield, and this avoid? Or, guilty in defence, be thus destroy'd? GOVERNOR. Our expectation hath this day an end
is sound basis, it is our duty to see what inferences may be drawn and what are the special points upon which the whole mystery turns. On Tuesday evening I
nd. You must have observed the way in which he held his head and swung his cane. A steady, respectable, middle-aged man, too, on the face of him--all facts which
enovated and refurnished, all that he will need will be a wife to make it complete. Between ourselves there are pretty clear signs tha
That I have? He would drown the stage with tears And cleave the general ear with horrid speech; Make mad the guilty and appal the free, Confound th
 he. "You've got us side-tracked with your interesting anecdotes, Mr. Holmes. What really counts is your remark that there is some connection bet
 pass your patience and mine to endure her loud alarums, why, man, there be good fellows in the world, an a man could light on them, would take her with all faults, an
he broad bars of an iron bed, padlocked at one end to a ring in the wall, and fastened at the other wi
e! Call all your tribes together, praise the gods, And make triumphant fires; strew flowers before them. Unshout the noise that b
 sweet a hope, So much misconstrued in his wantonness. Hot. Cousin, I think thou art enamoured Upon his fo
empty chair That thou wilt needs invest thee with my honours Before thy hour be ripe? O foolish youth! Thou seek'st the greatness that will overwhelm thee. Stay but a
ind 'em. MIRANDA. I might call him A thing divine; for nothing natural I ever saw so noble. PROSPERO. [Aside] It goes on, I see, As my soul prompts it. Spirit, fine spirit! I'll fre
 so full of cony-catching! GRUMIO. Why, therefore, fire; for I have caught extreme cold. Where's the cook? Is supper ready, the house trimm'd, rushes strew'd, cobwebs swept, the serving-men 
y, slow, heavy and pale as lead. Enter Nurse [and Peter]. O God, she comes! O honey nurse, what news? Hast thou met with him? Send thy man away. Nurse. Peter, st
" said he, at last, "I suppose I shall have to come out and have a look at it." Stanley Hopkins gave a cry of joy
US. None in the world; you did mistake him, sure. BELARIUS. I cannot tell; long is it since I saw him, But time hath nothing blu
h in my love alike, and none less dear than thine and my good Marcius, I had rather had eleven die nobly for their country than one voluptuously surfeit out of a
My most honour'd lord, For any benefit that points to me, Either in hope or present, I'd exchange For this one wish, that you had power and wealth To requite me by making rich yo
 PHILIP. 'Tis true, fair daughter, and this blessed day Ever in France shall be kept festival. To solemnize this day the glorious sun Stays in his course and plays
 slily glided towards your Majesty, It were but necessary you were wak'd, Lest, being suffer'd in that harmful slumber, The mortal wor
ut now. It is only a reconnaissance. I will do nothing serious without my trusted comrade and biographer at my elbow. Do you stay here, and the odds are that you will see me again 
ed at Holmes during this demonstration with surprise and a good deal of disappointment written upon their faces. He had fallen into a reverie, with the moss-rose between his fingers. It h
t?" I asked, smiling. "In the bathroom," he answered. "Oh, yes, I am not joking," he continued, seeing my look of incredulity. 
 placed in so unprecedented a position." "I will make no allowance. I am very angry indeed, and I have been shamefully used." "I think that I heard a ring," said Holmes. "Yes, t
d looked round at them. A subtle change had come over him. His manner was as of one who has great work to do. His face had set into granite firmnes
ped, the assistant answered it. We have had some skirmishes, but we had never set eyes upon each other before. I hardly looked at his f
anchise Shall, by the power we hold, be our good deed, Though Rome be therefore angry. Mulmutius made our laws, Who w
ndow, endeavoured in every way to force the shutter open, but without success. There was no slit through which a knife could be passed to raise the bar. The
 for I beg no favour, Only convey me where thou art commanded. STANLEY. Why, madam, that is to the Isle of Man, There to b
t at all." "God bless you!" cried the prisoner passionately. "I would have endured imprisonment, ay, even execution, rather than have left my miserable
that our fair Queen and mistress Smiles at her news, while Warwick frowns at his. PRINCE OF WALES. Nay, mark how Lewis stamps as he were nettled. I h
s of Dartmoor are on the alert, no news has come of him. Finally, an analysis has shown that the remains of his supper left by the stable-lad contain an appreciable quantity of powdered opi
t alone in the stone-flagged kitchen it was astonishing how rapidly that sprained ankle recovered. It was nearly night
l! I Pray you, Sir, what saucy merchant was this that was so full of his ropery? Rom. A gentleman, nurse, that lov
s, please do so; for he will find something after his own heart. We would think the whole thing had been fixed up for theatrical effect if 
 thine. AUFIDIUS. Say, what's thy name? Thou has a grim appearance, and thy face Bears a command in't; though thy tackle's torn, Thou show'st a 
llow. HELEN. Dear lord, you are full of fair words. PANDARUS. You speak your fair pleasure, sweet queen. Fair prince, here is good broken m
ding on his golden pilgrimage: But when from highmost pitch with weary car, Like feeble age he reeleth from the day, The eyes (fore dut
ith thick-coming fancies, That keep her from her rest. MACBETH. Cure her of that. Canst thou not minister to a mind diseased, Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow, Raze out the
d never draw 'em from me- That they may have their wages duly paid 'em, And something over to remember me by. If heaven had pleas'd to have given me long
er, all as frantic, Sees Helen's beauty in a brow of Egypt. The poet's eye, in a fine frenzy rolling, Doth glance from heaven to earth, from eart
isdoms best Shall see advantageable for our dignity, Any thing in or out of our demands; And we'll cons
t; yet not That we two are asunder- let that grieve him! Some griefs are med'cinable; that is one of them, For it d
urmur- as, you know, What great ones do the less will prattle of- That he did seek the love of fair Olivia. VIOLA. What's 
Mark you that? CORIOLANUS. To brag unto them 'Thus I did, and thus!' Show them th' unaching scars which I should hide, As if I had receiv'd them for the hire Of their breath only! MENENIUS. Do not
he box was the same which now lies open upon your table. A key was hung by a silken cord to that carved handle upon the top. We opened it, and the light of the lantern gle
 me to mischief! I, Beyond all limit of what else i' th' world, Do love, prize, honour you. MIRANDA. I am a fool To weep at what I am glad of. PROSPERO. [Aside] Fair encoun
ures of the world, Never to be infected with delight, Nor conversant with ease and idleness, Till I have
by my troth, you have cause. You'll sup with me? VOLUMNIA. Anger's my meat; I sup upon myself, And so shall starve with feeding. Come, let's go. Leave this faint puling and 
haste of mine. If you mean well, Now go with me and with this holy man Into the chantry by; there, before him And underneath that consecrated roof, Plight me the fun assura
 form cries out thou art; Thy tears are womanish, thy wild acts denote The unreasonable fury of a beast. Unseemly woman in a seeming man! Or i
ELLEN. All the water in Wye cannot wash your Majesty's Welsh plood out of your pody, I can tell you that. Got pless it and preserve it as long as it pleases his 
 some traces of the storm and rain into your snug chamber." "Give me your coat and umbrella," said Holmes. "They may rest here on the
, Have laid most heavy hand. SOOTHSAYER. The fingers of the pow'rs above do tune The harmony of this peace. The vision Which I made known to Lucius ere the stroke Of yet t
l do me no service as a partizan I could not heave. FIRST SERVANT. To be call'd into a huge sphere, and not to be seen t
 the absolute stillness, that we were in the country. I paced up and down the room, humming a tune under my breath to keep up my sp
ABETH. And must she die for this? O, let her live, And I'll corrupt her manners, stain her beauty, Slander myself as false to Edward's bed, Throw over her
Cunningham himself, for by the time that the old man had descended several servants were upon the scene. The point is a simple one, but the Inspector had overlooked it 
h Into one giant arm, it shall not force This lineal honour from me. This from thee Will I to mine leave as 'tis left to me. Exit KING. Warwick! Gloucester! 
 On Tuesday evening I received telegrams from both Colonel Ross, the owner of the horse, and from Inspector Gregory, who is looking after the case, inviti
 disarranged our little deductions. Your marriage, you say?" "Yes, sir. I married, and so left the hospital, and with it all hopes of a consulting practice. It was ne
too harsh a descant; There wanteth but a mean to fill your song. JULIA. The mean is drown'd with your unruly bass. LUCETTA. Indeed, I bid the base for Proteus
, and is forever slowly oscillating from side to side in a curiously reptilian fashion. He peered at me with great curiosity in his puckered eyes
liant company are fled. Now will we take some order in the town, Placing therein some expert officers; And then depart to Paris to the King, For there young Henry with 
yes with a led pony. Arthur mounted, and they set off together. It appears--though this James only heard yesterday--that they 
aynard's Castle; Where you shall find me well accompanied With reverend fathers and well learned bishops. BUCKINGHAM. I go; and tow
's wrongs be recompens'd. WINCHESTER. As will the rest, so willeth Winchester. KING HENRY. If Richard will be true,
 the window was a sumptuous writing-desk, and every detail of the apartment, the pictures, the rugs, and the hangings, all pointed to a taste whi
l tell you. He got out at Hobson's Patch, and so did I. I chanced into the telegraph bureau, and he was leaving it. "'See here,' s
r Lady Macbeth with a taper. Lo you, here she comes! This is her very guise, and, upon my life, fast asleep. Observe her; stand close. DOCTOR. How came she by that lig
 closely with the facts as they have come to our notice. For example, there was that note which arrived during dinner. Did you chance to observe what became of it
chmen take delight in broils? WARWICK. Yield, my Lord Protector; yield, Winchester; Except you mean with obstinate repulse To slay your sovereign and destroy the realm.
tion." "And yet there should be no combination of events for which the wit of man cannot conceive an explanation. Simply as a mental exercise, without any assertion that it is true, let me indicate a
nmasks.] And when you lov'd you were my other husband. Claud. Another Hero! Hero. Nothing certainer. One Hero died defil'd; but I do live, And surely
apers without a word to either of us, but she glanced at me now with so much annoyance upon her face that I could not help suspecting that she had lost a handsome commission through my refusal. "'D
re night We shall try fortune in a second fight. Exeunt. SCENE IV. Another part of the field. Alarum. Enter, fightin
ense of many a vanished sight. Then can I grieve at grievances foregone, And heavily from woe to woe tell o'er The s
ke to thee! KING JOHN. Why, what a madcap hath heaven lent us here! ELINOR. He hath a trick of Coeur-de-lion's face; The accent of his tongue affecteth him. Do you not read s
 thou sleep'st: awake!" Such instigations have been often dropp'd Where I have took them up. "Shall Rome, etc." Thus must I piece it out. Sha
ro of Sestos. But these are all lies: men have died from time to time, and worms have eaten them, but not for love. ORLANDO. 
r army revolver in your pocket." He waved his hand, turned on his heel, and disappeared in an instant am
s fits, On purpose shut the doors against his way. My way is now to hie home to his house, And tell his wife that, being lun
 over, and wert indeed, but for the light in thy face, the son of utter darkness. When thou ran'st up Gadshill in the night to ca
 my sleep, Unbuckling helms, fisting each other's throat- And wak'd half dead with nothing. Worthy Marcius, Had we no other
ight. Just notice this point, Mr. Holmes: that so far as we know none of the papers were removed, and that the prisoner is the one man in the world who had
e house while Holmes and I went back with the baronet to Baskerville Hall. The story of the Stapletons could no longer be withheld from him, but he took the b
 But your reason was not substantial, why there is no time to recover. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Thus I mend it: Time himself is bald, and there
iseries, Let them have scope; though what they will impart Help nothing else, yet do they case the heart. DUCHES
hould this cock come of? DUKE SENIOR. Art thou thus bolden'd, man, by thy distress? Or else a rude despiser of good manners, That in civility thou seem'st so em
true joints bended be. [Kneels] Ill mayst thou thrive, if thou grant any grace! DUCHESS. Pleads he in earnest? Look upon his face; His eyes do drop no tears, his prayers a
en might I not say so To give full growth to that which still doth grow. 116 Let me not to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments, love is n
hould live, all debts are clear'd between you and I, if I might but see you at my death. Notwithstanding, use your pleasure; if your love do not persuade you to 
n from his clubs would mean ruin to Moran, who lived by his ill-gotten card gains. He therefore murdered Adair, who at the time was endeavouring to 
'Never!' he wrote in Greek upon the slate. "'On no condition?' I asked, at the bidding of our tyrant. "'Only i
 title live in Aquitaine; Which we much rather had depart withal, And have the money by our father l
ne on Wednesday--a hard case if ever there was one. He said he was a reporter. I believed it for the moment. Wanted to know all he could about the Scowrers and what he called 'the outrages' 
s new bride. Thou seest what's past; go fear thy king withal. BONA. Tell him, in hope he'll prove a widower shortly, I'll wear the willow-garland for his sake. QUEEN MARGARET. Tell
in front. There is nothing so deceptive as the distance of a light upon a pitch-dark night, and sometimes the glimmer seemed to be far away upon the hori
th difficulty. Then he threw a decanter at that maid, Theresa Wright; there was trouble about that. On
weigh my friend's affection with mine own. I'll tell you true; I'll call to you. ALL LORDS. O, none so welcome! TIMON. I tak
tent; yet not That we two are asunder- let that grieve him! Some griefs are med'cinable; that is one of them, 
ey, Jefferson Hope packed all the eatables that he could find into a small parcel, and filled a stoneware jar with water, for he knew by experience that the mountain wells were few and f
oot in front of the triggers. It was clear that this had been fired at close range and that he had received the whole charge in the face,
ks as we emerged from the boggy portion of the moor. Following the path backwards, we picked out another spot, where a spring trickled across it. Here, once again, was the ma
artest, And that fresh blood which youngly thou bestow'st, Thou mayst call thine, when thou from youth co
vow for mine. Jul. I gave thee mine before thou didst request it; And yet I would it were to give again. Rom. Would'st thou withdraw it? For what purpose, love? 
t his excitement had no justification. "It was at my advice that Sir Charles was about to go to London. His heart was, I knew, affect
ducated Englishman. He shook hands eagerly with Sherlock Holmes, and his dark eyes sparkled with pleasure when he understood that the specialist was anxiou
Antony Have made themselves so strong- for with her death That tidings came- with this she fell distract, And (her 
it lolls about the kennels, and compare it with the same hound as, with gleaming eyes and straining muscles, it runs upon a breast-high s
leton may fall in with such a superstition, and Mortimer also; but if I have one quality upon earth it is common-sense, and nothing will 
forbid thee, shall the Duke Instantly know, and of that letter too. This seems a fair deserving, and must draw me That which my fat
ened." "Most interesting," said Holmes. "Did he observe the appearance of these men--did he hear them talk?" "No; he is clean dazed. He just knows that he was lifted up as if by magic and dro
the English with full power upon us; And more than carefully it us concerns To answer royally in our defences. Therefore the Dukes o
ing of his body. POLIXENES. How should this grow? CAMILLO. I know not; but I am sure 'tis safer to Avoid what's grown than question how 'tis born. If therefore you dare trust my honest
orse have given admiring praise. 60 Like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore, So do our minutes hasten to their end, Each changin
, carelessly, And ne'er prefer his injuries to his heart, To bring it into danger. If wrongs be evils, and enforce us kill, What folly 'tis to hazard
RGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE: Scotland and England ACT I. SCENE I. A desert place. Thunder and lightning. Enter thr
ity. CLIFFORD. The first I warrant thee, if dreams prove true. WARWICK. You were best to go to bed and dream again To keep thee from the tempest of the fie
this advantage found, And his love-kindling fire did quickly steep In a cold valley-fountain of that ground: Which borrowed from this holy fire 
es Desdemona to repair his fortune, And she for him pleads strongly to the Moor, I'll pour this pestilence into his ear, That she repeals him for her body's lust; And by how much s
s after a day's work. I still heard all the news from Pondicherry Lodge, and for some years there was no news to hear, exc
t courtier, cousin, and our son. Queen. Let not thy mother lose her prayers, Hamlet. I pray thee stay with us, go not to Wittenberg. Ham. I shall 
in me; And by him seal up thy mind, Whether that thy youth and kind Will the faithful offer take Of me and all that I can 
, die at Talbot's foot. TALBOT. Then follow thou thy desp'rate sire of Crete, Thou Icarus; thy life to me is sweet. If thou wilt fight, fight by thy
 bondage. CYMBELINE. Why, old soldier, Wilt thou undo the worth thou art unpaid for By tasting of our wrath? How of descent As good as we? ARVIRAGUS. In that he spa
d I sometimes think that my father may have told him more than he ever told me. That is Bartholomew's window up there wher
Barque Lone Star, Savannah, Georgia." "That will await him when he enters port," said he, chuckling. "It may give him a sleepless night. He will find it as sur
 right to be so- Gerard de Narbon. LAFEU. He was excellent indeed, madam; the King very lately spoke of him admiringly and mourningly; he was skilful enough to
the little group of courtiers who were fawning upon the powerful boss, laughing uproariously at the smallest of his jokes. The yo
excellent telescope, with which he lies upon the roof of his own house and sweeps the moor all day in the hope of catching a glimpse of the escaped convict. If he would confine his energies to this 
 to my lady come; Then, if I have much love, I'll give you some. DUMAIN. I'll serve thee true and fait
m Affrights thee with a hell of ugly devils! Thou elvish-mark'd, abortive, rooting hog, Thou that wast seal'd in thy nativity The slave of nature and the son of h
ss emulation. And 'tis this fever that keeps Troy on foot, Not her own sinews. To end a tale of length, Troy in our weakness stands, not in 
 though he was as venomous as a young snake, and after a couple of months I got him all right and able to walk. He took a kind of fancy to me then, an
er lecture and advice, Shall you my son. You have me, have you not Rey. My lord, I have. Pol. God b' wi' ye, fare ye well! Rey. Good my lord! [Going.] Pol. Observe h
ry shortly, And you shall understand from me her mind. KING RICHARD. Bear her my true love's kiss; and so, farewell. Kissing her. Exit QUEEN ELIZABETH Relenting f
gar'd yours forever? FIRST MURTHERER. We are men, my liege. MACBETH. Ay, in the catalogue ye go for men, As hounds an
e trial of the Moriarty gang left two of its most dangerous members, my own most vindictive enemies, at liberty. I travelled
with these people." "And so am I." "Then you must excuse yourself and he must go alone. That will be easily arranged. And now, if we are too lat
e was concerned; for one had only to look at that granite face to realize that no peine forte et dure would ever force him to plead against his will. The deadlock 
and clear, for when I say 'three,' down goes the wiper." "Mr. Sherlock Holmes--" I began, but the words 
 upon the grass. Holmes picked up several of them and examined them carefully. I was convinced from his intent face and his purposeful manner that a
 I spoke with, nor anything save what I have told you. But I know that there is foul play going on, and I want to help that unhappy man if I can. I told the whole s
wn conscience, sir, before Polixenes Came to your court, how I was in your grace, How merited to be so; since he came, With what en
triumph over Pompey's blood? Be gone! Run to your houses, fall upon your knees, Pray to the gods to intermit the plague That needs must 
MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT
nging her seat as requested. "What, then?" "It is fear, Mr. Holmes. It is terror." She raised her veil as she spoke, and we could see that she was indeed in a pitiable state 
had been chief of the party. His flushed face and glazed, blood-shot eyes told of sleeplessness and drink. He and his two comrades had spent the night before 
hth, life, honour, name, and all That made me happy, at one stroke has taken For ever from the world. I had my trial, And must needs say a noble one; which makes me A little happier than m
." "In spirit?" "Exactly. My body has remained in this arm-chair and has, I regret to observe, consumed in my absence two large pots of coffee and an incredible amoun
rising mud oozed swiftly in upon them, but as we at last reached firmer ground beyond the morass we all looked eagerly for them. But no slightest sign of them ever met our eyes. If the earth told a
fided to anyone. My motive for withholding it from the coroner's inquiry is that a man of science shrinks from placing himself in the public position of seeming 
the Holy Four!" With a threatening gesture of his hand, he turned from the door, and Ferrier heard his heav
I cannot cog, and say thou art this and that, like a many of these lisping hawthorn-buds that come like women in men's apparel, 
he air. Therefore bring forth the soldiers of our prize; For, whilst our pinnace anchors in the Downs, Here shall th
aughter. Welcome then, Thou unsubstantial air that I embrace! The wretch that thou hast blown unto the worst Owes nothing to thy 
s he lay. It all fits together. I don't think that I am a coward, Watson, but that sound seemed to freeze my very blood. Feel my 
he would put it to. Brooding over the case in that den of his, it suddenly struck him what absolutely damning evidence he could make against McFarlane by using that thum
 stalk on; the fowl sits. --I did never think that lady would have loved any man. Leon. No, nor I neither; but most wonderful that she should so dote o
among our workpeople and cleaners. I dare say they might get a peep at that sales book if they wanted to. There is no particular reason for keeping a watch upon that book. Well,
m enemies heaven keep your Majesty; And, when they stand against you, may they fall As those that I am come to tell you of! The Earl Northumberland and t
got a husband. GRUMIO. Katherine the curst! A title for a maid of all titles the worst. HORTENSIO. Now shall my friend Petruchio do me grace, And offer me disg
ay, but the gentleman in the pew handed it up to her again, and it did not appear to be the worse for the fall. Yet when I spoke to he
om our drag we had a superb view as they came up the straight. The six horses were so close together that a carpet could have covered them, but half way up th
 to marry with Nan Page. That Slender, though well landed, is an idiot; And he my husband best of all affects. The Doctor is well money'd, a
Enter King, Queen, Laertes, Osric, and Lords, with other Attendants with foils and gauntlets. A table and flag
 a maze of fantastic tracery in wrought iron, with weather-bitten pillars on either side, blotched with lichens, and
's not so. Mer. I mean, sir, in delay We waste our lights in vain, like lamps by day. Take our good meaning, for our judgment sits Five times in that ere on
to and not stand to; in conclusion, equivocates him in a sleep, and giving him the lie, leaves him. MACDUFF. I believe drin
 no place; this house is but a butchery; Abhor it, fear it, do not enter it. ORLANDO. Why, whither, Adam, wouldst thou have me go? ADAM. No matt
rative with an intentness which showed me that his interest was keenly aroused. His face was as impassive as ever, but his lids had drooped more heavily over his eyes, and hi
facing the same way as Lord Saltire's. His bed had also been slept in; but he had apparently gone away partly dressed, since 
and with him at Eton Immediately to marry; she hath consented. Now, sir, Her mother, even strong against that match And firm for Doctor Caius, hath appointed That he shall likewise shuffle her awa
have carte blanche." "Absolutely?" "I tell you that I would give one of the provinces of my kingdom to have that photograph." "And for present expenses?" The Ki
adventures of the night. She has told me since that she thought me cold and distant upon that journey. Sh
 but when they were typewritten he always felt that the machine had come between us. That will just show you how fond he was of me, Mr. Holmes, and the little things that he woul
h saints dost bait thy hook! Most dangerous Is that temptation that doth goad us on To sin in loving virtue. Never could the strumpet, With all her double vigour, art 
host, or in his absence with his hostess, over the beautiful countryside. "An easy-going, free-handed gentleman," said Ames, the butler. "But, my word! I had rather not be the man that crossed him!
 just now of observation and deduction. Surely the one to some extent implies the other." "Why, hardly," he answered, leaning back luxuriously in his armchair, and sending up thick bl
ported was four days ago," said he. "It was at the shop of Morse Hudson, who has a place for the sale of pictures and statues in the Kennington Road. The assistant h
us, your father calls for you; He is in haste; therefore, I pray you, go. PROTEUS. Why, this it is: my heart accords thereto; And yet a thousand times it ans
"I had your note and I have come. But what has this man to do with the matter?" "This is my old friend and associate, Dr. Watson, who is helping us in this affair." The stra
treating from your royal thoughts A modest one to bear me back again. KING. I cannot give thee less, to be call'd gratefu
 A poor physician's daughter-thou dislik'st Of virtue for the name; but do not so. From lowest place when virtuous things pro
the noise of thy cross-bow Will scare the herd, and so my shoot is lost. Here stand we both, and aim 
ge Whether Bassanio had not once a love. Repent but you that you shall lose your friend, And he repents not that he pays your debt; For if the Jew do cut but deep eno
 flag upon the stream, Goes to and back, lackeying the varying tide, To rot itself with motion. MESSENGER. C
eseech you, What says the other troop? MARCIUS. They are dissolv'd. Hang 'em! They said they were an-hungry; sigh'd forth proverbs- That hunger broke stone walls, that dogs must eat, T
oked a quick, impatient snarl in reply. Swiftly and silently he made his way along the track which ran through the meadows, and so by way o
ing. Kent. Alack, bareheaded? Gracious my lord, hard by here is a hovel; Some friendship will it lend you 'gainst the tempest. Repose you there, whilst I to this hard house (M
 were it not that it is absolutely necessary to have them copied. You have a desk in your office?' "'Yes, sir.' "'Then take the treaty and lock it up there. I sha
fear him-there's my creed; As I am made without him, so I'll stand, If the King please; his curses and his blessings Touch me alike; th' are breath I not believe in. I knew him, and I know h
ove, with sighs of fire. OLIVIA. Your lord does know my mind; I cannot love him. Yet I suppose him virtuous, know him noble, Of great estate, of fresh and stainl
ge still did wake and sleep. To make the weeper laugh, the laugher weep, He had the dialect and different skill, Catching all pass
ents serve me! Why should his mistress, who was made by him that made the tailor, not be fit too? The rather- saving reveren
 a rooted sorrow, Raze out the written troubles of the brain, And with some sweet oblivious antidote Cleanse the stuff'd bosom of that perilous s
 PAINTER. 'Tis conceiv'd to scope. This throne, this Fortune, and this hill, methinks, With one man beckon'd from the rest
lt me?" "I came to you, sir, because I heard of you from Mrs. Etherege, whose husband you found so easy when the police and everyone had gi
STANLEY VAUX MATTHEW GOFFE A LIEUTENANT, a SHIPMASTER, a MASTER'S MATE, and WALTER WHITMORE TWO GENTLEMEN, pris
est, north, and south, I spread my conquering might. My scutcheon plain declares that I am Alisander- BOYET. Your nose says, no, you are not; for it stands to right. BEROWNE. Y
as trying to force the lock! This time his skill was greater or his tool was better, for there was a sudden snap and the creak of the hinges. Then a matc
 a depreciatory voice. "Mean? Why, it means that the writer was going to put the female name Rachel, but was di
lp here, ho! If thou proceed As high as word, my deed shall match thy deed. [Flourish. Exeunt] ACT II. SCENE
s Page and I will look some linen for your head. MRS. PAGE. Quick, quick; we'll come dress you straight. Put on the gown the while. Exit FALSTAFF MRS. 
limmer of china and metal, for the table had not been cleared yet. Sherlock Holmes had been silent all the morning, d
nutmeg. BEROWNE. A lemon. LONGAVILLE. Stuck with cloves. DUMAIN. No, cloven. ARMADO. Peace! The armipotent Mars, of lances the almighty, Gave Hector a gift, the hei
age of his audience. It was at such moments that for an instant he ceased to be a reasoning machine, and betrayed his human love for admiration and applause. The same singularly proud and reser
 the heaviness of sleep We put fresh garments on him. Doct. Be by, good madam, when we do awake him. I doubt not of his temperance. Cor. Very 
e hole, and there it lies. He computes the value of the jewels at not less than half a million sterling." At the mention of this gigantic sum we all stared at one an
m and the lawn might possibly reveal some traces of this mysterious individual. You know my methods, Watson. There was not one of th
give any.' "'What does he want, then?' "'He says that you know him, and that he only wants a moment's conversation.' "'Show him round here.' An instant afterw
h Hero, Leonato's short daughter. Claud. If this were so, so were it utt'red. Bene. Like the old tale, my lord: 'It is not so, nor 
s in your Majesty's behalf. I then, all smarting with my wounds being cold, To be so pest'red with a popingay, Out of my grief and my impatience Answer'd neglectingly, I know not what- He should, o
 That will do! Lestrade, allow me to present you with your principal missing witness, Mr. Jonas Oldacre." The detective stared at the new-comer with blank amazement. The latter was
 a large building with numerous halls, corridors, and passages. At one point is a small cross done in red ink, and above it is '3.37 from l
ow the wheel becomes it! It is the false steward, that stole his master's daughter. Laer. This nothing's more than matter. Oph. There's rosemary, that's for re
sin In envy that my Lord Northumberland Should be the father to so blest a son- A son who is the theme of honour's tongue, Amongst a grove the very straightest plant; Who is sweet Fortune's minion an
 one. ANTONY. To-morrow, soldier, By sea and land I'll fight. Or I will live, Or bathe my dying honour in the blood Shall make it live again. Woo't thou fight well? ENOBARBUS. I'll 
 nightly hoots and wonders At our quaint spirits. Sing me now asleep; Then to your offices, and let me rest. The FAIRIES Sing FIRST FAIRY. You spotte
 done! Go, get aboard; Look to thy bark. I'll not be long before I call upon thee. MARINER. Make your best haste; and go not Too far i' th' land; 'tis like to be loud weather; Besides, this place 
 have been locked up. No; it was for something in that wooden bureau. Halloa! what is that scratch upon the face of it? Just hold a match, 
d you mind stepping in for a moment?" The door of the study opened straight on to the terrace. Von Bork pushed it back, and, leading the way, he clicked the switch of 
d, did make my foe to sweat; And travelling along this coast, I bere am come by chance, And lay my arms before the legs of this sweet lass of France. If your ladyship would say 'Thanks, P
 in this house before I am through with you!" "No time like the present," cried McMurdo. "I'll choose my own time, mister. You can leave the time to me. See here!" He suddenly rolled up
e should he die? Can I make men live, whe'er they will or no? O, torture me no more! I will confess. Alive again? Then show me where
; And worth it, with addition! But, fair soul, In your fine frame hath love no quality? If the quick fire of youth light not your mind, You are no mai
t of? Thus conscience does make cowards of us all, And thus the native hue of resolution Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, And e
Then Edgar was abus'd. Kind gods, forgive me that, and prosper him! Reg. Go thrust him out at gates, and let him smell
s. "Dear me!" said he, turning over the pages, "what a chorus of groans, cries, and bleatings! What a rag-bag of singular happenings! But surely the most valuable hunting-ground that ever w
y. I tried to look out of the windows to see something of where we were, but they were made of frosted glass, and I could make out nothing sav
A CAPTAIN A MESSENGER A CLOWN TAMORA, Queen of the Goths LAVINIA, daughter to Titus Andronicus A NURSE, and a black CHILD Romans and Goths, Senators, Tribunes, Officers, Soldiers, and Attendants <<T
inewy sword-men. Exeunt BERTRAM and PAROLLES Enter LAFEU LAFEU. [Kneeling] Pardon, my lord, for me and for my ti
 we walked rapidly down Howe Street I glanced back at the building which we had left. There, dimly outlined at th
Maybe, Captain Marvin, if you and I were alone and face to face you would not take me so easily." "Where's your warrant?" asked McGinty. "By Gar! a man 
 I was myself regular in my habits. "Very sorry to knock you up, Watson," said he, "but it's the common lot this morning. Mrs. Hudson has been knocked up, she retorted upon m
igression by some mighty precedent. Boy, I do love that country girl that I took in the park with the rational hind Costard; she deserves well. MOTH. [Aside] To be whipt; and yet 
earth to th' centre- Yet, after all comparisons of truth, As truth's authentic author to be cited, 'As true 
res towards her. SHALLOW. That you must. Will you, upon good dowry, marry her? SLENDER. I will do a greater thing than that upon your reques
l employ thee in some service presently. JULIA. In what you please; I'll do what I can. PROTEUS..I hope thou wilt. [To LAUNCE] How now, you whoreson peasant! Wher
on at once to the garden path, which was saturated with recent rain and would certainly show any footmarks. "My examination showed me that I was dealing with a cautious a
ks and Troyans suff'red death. PARIS. Fair Diomed, you do as chapmen do, Dispraise the thing that you desire to buy; But we in s
and Sicil, The Dukes of Orleans, Calaber, Bretagne, and Alencon, Seven earls, twelve barons, and twenty reverend bishops, I have perform'd my task, and was espous'd; A
ught was in my head as I turned into my own street, and at that moment a cab passed me, and there she was, sitting by the side of Fairbairn, the two chatting and laughing, with never
hisby, tarrying in mulberry shade, His dagger drew, and died. For all the rest, Let Lion, Moonshine, Wall, and lovers twai
le results served to increase rather than to lessen the horror which it inspired in the minds of men. None 
ord of folded arms, Th' anointed sovereign of sighs and groans, Liege of all loiterers and malcontents, Dread prince of plackets, king of codpieces, Sole imperator, an
and cried; as mine eyes open'd, I saw their weapons drawn-there was a noise, That's verily. 'Tis best we stand upon our guard, Or that we quit this place. Let's draw ou
 which set us gasping and coughing. Holmes rushed to the top of the stairs to draw in the fresh air, and then, dashing into the
o cool a courtesan. I'll speak a prophecy ere I go: When priests are more in word than matter; When brewers mar their malt
ow us against the black rocks, and listening to the half-human shout which came booming up with the spray out of the abyss. The path has been cut half-way round the fall to afford a c
sooner or later," said he. "I have already told you that I can hush up that which others will be bound to p
 if I can be of service." The wheels died away down the drive while Sir Henry and I turned into the hall, and the door clanged heavily b
ll the world, As thou art to this hour, was Richard then When I from France set foot at Ravenspurgh; And even as I was then is Percy 
 my anger. If it be so, as fast as she answers thee with frowning looks, I'll sauce her with bitter words. Why 
n, I dare say without vain-glory, Never yet branded with suspicion? Have I with all my full affections Still met the King, lov'd him next heav'n, obey'd
 But now my heavy conscience sinks my knee, As then your force did. Take that life, beseech you, Which I so often owe; but your ring first, And here the br
four and, with a word, outfac'd you from your prize, and have it; yea, and can show it you here in the house. And, Falstaff, you carried 
, The honourable blood of Lancaster, Must not be shed by such a jaded groom. Hast thou not kiss'd thy hand and held my stirrup, Bareheaded plodded by my foot-cloth mule
rifles of his eyes First hand me. On mine own accord I'll off; But first I'll do my errand. The good Queen, For she is good, hath brought you forth a daughter; Here
 invites me to cut down, And shortly must I fell it. Tell my friends, Tell Athens, in the sequence of degree From high to low throughout, that whoso please To stop affliction
erritory, cares of state), Which of you shall we say doth love us most? That we our largest bounty may extend Where nature doth with merit challenge. Goneril, Our eldest-born, speak fi
ber. [Hamlet moves him to put on his hat.] Osr. Nay, good my lord; for mine ease, in good faith. Sir, here is newly come to court Laertes; believe me, an absolute gentleman, full of most e
ement of his young colleague. "I understand that you have something to report, Mr. Holmes?" "Purely negative as yet," my friend answered. "I have inquired at every point where it might b
 KATHERINE. Sauf votre honneur, le Francais que vous parlez, il est meilleur que l'Anglais lequel je parle. KING HENRY. No, faith, is't not, Kate; but
dlord's view. "We were warm, as the children say, at that inn," said he. "I seem to grow colder every step that I take away from it. No, no; I can't
the two ran the irregular track, so narrow in places that they had to travel in Indian file, and so rough that only practised riders
d I then endeavored to raise the stone by pulling on the cravat. I could only move it slightly, and it was with the aid of one of the constables that I s
nd, To blow on whom I please, for so fools have; And they that are most galled with my folly, They most must laugh. And why, sir, must they so? The why is plain as way to parish c
o to effect Whatever I shall happen to devise. I see your brows are full of discontent, Your hearts of sorrow, and your eyes of tears. C
 think upon this business. Meantime we thank you for your well-took labour. Go to your rest; at night we'll feast togeth
erman master. Holmes turned the body over reverently, and examined it with great attention. He then sat in deep thought for a time, and I could see by his ruffled b
rry gentle peace To silence envious tongues. Be just, and fear not; Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's, Thy God's, and truth's; then, if thou fall'st, O Cromwell, Tho
come to my master; and your hostess- he is very sick, and would to bed. Good Bardolph, put thy face between his sheets, and do the office of a warming-pan. Faith, h
PORTIA. You press me far, and therefore I will yield. [To ANTONIO] Give me your gloves, I'll wear them for your sake. [To BASSA
lt. I only quote this as a trivial example of observation and inference. Therein lies my métier, and it is just possible that it may be of some service in the investigation which lies before us. 
m to shapes, and gives to airy nothing A local habitation and a name. Such tricks hath strong imagination That, if it wou
 With insufficiency my heart to sway, To make me give the lie to my true sight, And swear that brightness doth not grace the day? When
 to go to shrift to-day? Jul. I have. Nurse. Then hie you hence to Friar Laurence' cell; There stays a husband to make you a wife. Now comes the wanton blood up in your che
e mad mustachio purple-hued maltworms; but with nobility, and tranquillity, burgomasters and great oneyers, such 
e death's conquest and make worms thine heir. 7 Lo in the orient when the gracious light Lifts up his burning head, each under eye Doth homage to his new-appearing sight, Serving with lo
tormy passion, must perforce decay. You cast th' event of war, my noble lord, And summ'd the account of chance before you said 'Let us make head.' It was your pre-surmise Th
 of tyranny, Thus far into the bowels of the land Have we march'd on without impediment; And here receive we from our father Stanley Lines of fair comfort a
 the eye to flow, We now present. Those that can pity here May, if they think it well, let fall a tear: The subject will deserve it. Such as give Their money out of hope they may believe May here
ided live, And our dear love lose name of single one, That by this separation I may give: That due to thee which thou deserv'st alone: O absence what a torment wouldst thou prove, Were it n
rk, Shall be eterniz'd in all age to come. Sound drum and trumpets and to London all; And more such days as these to us befall!
 but a dozen French Were there in arms, they would be as a can To train ten thousand English to their side; Or as a little snow, tumbled about, Anon becomes a mountai
f, and it is known to many in our land by the name of pitch. This pitch, as ancient writers do report, doth defile; so doth the company thou keepest. For, Harry, now I do not 
h Caesar, and that your rage Would not be purg'd, she sent you word she was dead; But fearing since how it might work, hath sent Me to proc
BY. By this hand, they are scoundrels and subtractors that say so of him. Who are they? MARIA. They that add, moreover, he's drunk nightly in your comp
ve him. The boy had some slight difficulty in undoing the heavy iron gates, and we heard the hoarse roar of the doctor's voice and saw the fury with whi
r. Being a heavy stick the dog has held it tightly by the middle, and the marks of his teeth are very plainl
th course disturb'd even thy confining shores, Unless thou let his silver water keep A peaceful progress to the ocean. KING PHILIP. England, thou hast not sa
s of it. DUKE. Come hither, Isabel. Your friar is now your prince. As I was then Advertising and holy to your business, Not changing heart with habit, I am still Atto
r room I examined the window. You amused me by supposing that I was contemplating the possibility of someone having in broad daylight, under the eyes of all these opposite
d be cramm'd up in a sheet of paper Writ o' both sides the leaf, margent and all, That he was fain to seal on Cupid's name. ROSALINE. That was the way to 
emblance hath disguis'd me quite. I am afraid; and yet I'll venture it. If I get down and do not break my limbs, I'll find a thousand shifts to g
; and my revenue is the silly-cheat. Gallows and knock are too powerful on the highway; beating and hanging are terrors to me; for the life to 
ife and I, when the maid brought in a telegram. It was from Sherlock Holmes and ran in this way: "Have you a couple of days to spare? Have just been wired for from the 
rl. For three years I have kept her existence a secret from you, but I heard from the nurse, and I knew that all was well with her. At last, ho
LY. Now Heaven send thee good fortune! [Exit FENTON] A kind heart he hath; a woman would run through fire and water for such a kind 
that I profess, 'The Art to Love.' BIANCA. And may you prove, sir, master of your art! LUCENTIO. While you, sweet dear, prove mistress of my he
agination of the average story-teller. Take a pinch of snuff, Doctor, and acknowledge that I have scored over you in your example." He held out his snuffbox
e lady?" "A serious operation will be necessary before that can be done. But there are still four cartridges in the revolver. Two have been fired and two wounds inflicted, so that each b
 we determined to try again. The next night we lowered the lamp, and sat smoking cigarettes without making the least sound. It was incredible how slow
achieve, You must perforce accomplish as you may. Take this of me: Lucrece was not more chaste Than this Lavinia, Bassianus' love. A speedier course than ling'ring languishment Must we 
e her half-witted, but I understand that she was never very bright. There is one very important circumstance, however. Look at this!" He took a small piece of torn paper from a
ut this maid, Alice, as I understand, deposes that she went to her room, covered her bride's dress with a long ulster, put on a bonnet, and went out." "Qui
n Than hear say how I got them. BRUTUS. Sir, I hope My words disbench'd you not. CORIOLANUS. No, sir; yet oft, When blows have made me stay, I fled from words. You
 a sailor. FABIAN. She did show favour to the youth in your sight only to exasperate you, to awake your dormouse valour, to put fi
Fal. Owen, Owen- the same; and his son-in-law Mortimer, and old Northumberland, and that sprightly Scot of Scots, Douglas, that runs a-horseback up a hill perpendicul
s back-return again to France. There must we bring him; and myself have play'd The interim, by rememb'ring you 'tis past. Then brook abridgment; and your eyes advance, After 
me! For what? LUCIO. For that which, if myself might be his judge, He should receive his punishment in thanks: He hath got his friend with child. ISABELLA. Sir, make me not your sto
ered with blood. On the other side of the bushes a shoe was projecting. We ran round, and there lay the unfortunate rider. He was a ta
ll be talking. As they say, 'When the age is in, the wit is out.' God help us! it is a world to see! Well said, i' faith, neighbour Verges. We
d why?" "Because she has said that she would send it on the day when the betrothal was publicly proclaimed. That will be next Monday." "
'd further than death? Condemned villain, I do apprehend thee. Obey, and go with me; for thou must die. Rom. I must indeed; and therefore came I hither. Good gentle 
of his youth promis'd it not. The breath no sooner left his father's body But that his wildness, mortified in him, Seem
nded by their hate Than death prorogued, wanting of thy love. Jul. By whose direction found'st thou out this place? Rom. By love, that first did prompt me to enquire. He lent me cou
gnifying glass, Mr. Holmes." "Yes, I am doing so." "You are aware that no two thumb marks are alike?" "I have heard something of the kind." "Well, then, will you plea
herry Lodge. The ex-prize-fighter McMurdo had, I found, been arrested as an accessory, and both he and Mr. Sholto had been marched off to the station. Two constables guarded th
 he is; I'll give a thousand pound to look upon him. He hath no eyes, the dust hath blinded them. Comb down his hair; loo
about in Mortimer Tregennis's room to find some remains of this substance. The obvious place to look was the talc shelf or smoke-guard of the lamp. There, sure enough, I perceived a numb
in the middle, the whole effect so soothing and restful that it was welcome to my somewhat jangled nerves. In that deeply peaceful atmosphere one could forget, or remember only as som
in your mind's eye?" "I see them clearly." "We are told that three men drank from them. Does that strike you as likely?" "Why not? There was wine in each glass."
th the volume in my hand, but my thoughts were far from the daring speculations of the writer. My mind ran upon our late visitor,--her smiles, the deep
e consequences of the deed. Finally, after much debate, they concluded that my murder was too dangerous. But they determined to get rid forever of Gar
ad answer'd for his deed. Now 'tis awake, Takes note of what is done, and, like a prophet, Looks in a glass that shows what future evils- Either now or by remissness new conceiv'd, And so in progre
 candle, an A D P brier-root pipe, a pouch of seal-skin with half an ounce of long-cut Cavendish, a silver watch with a
, come. SONG [All together here] Who doth ambition shun, And loves to live i' th' sun, Seeking the food he eats, And pleas'd with what he gets, 
] Who's there? Enter PAGE EVANS. Here is Got's plessing, and your friend, and Justice Shallow; and here young Master Slender, that peradventures
med is one of them. I know him; 'a wears a lock. Con. Masters, masters-- 1. Watch. You'll be made bring Deformed forth, I
riends; But when he meant to quail and shake the orb, He was as rattling thunder. For his bounty, There was no winter in't; an autumn 'twas That grew the more by reaping. His delights Were 
ers set down the coffin] ANNE. What, do you tremble? Are you all afraid? Alas, I blame you not, for you are mortal,
the penitent to you; but mine honesty Shall not make poor my greatness, nor my power Work without it. Truth is, that Fulvia, To have me o
NTLEWOMAN attending on Virgilia Roman and Volscian Senators, Patricians, Aediles, Lictors, Soldiers, Citizens, Messengers, Servants to 
cause? O, if to fight for king and commonweal Were piety in thine, it is in these. Andronicus, stain not thy tomb with blood. Wilt thou draw near the nature of 
 such a stake is on the table. However, I rejoice to say that I have a hated rival who will certainly cut me out the instant that my back is
n the reiterated appeals to bring Holmes. So moved was I that even had it been a difficult matter I should have tried it, but of course I knew well that H
rt you- Be strong in whore, allure him, burn him up; Let your close fire predominate his smoke, And be no turncoats. Yet may your pains six months Be quite contrary! And thatch 
he time he was here. I was waitin' outside the door, sir, and I could hear him. At last he outs into the passage, and he cries, 'Is th
gered, and fell senseless upon the floor. With the shock, his broad-brimmed hat flew from his head, his 
ly it struck me that what was dark to me might be very light to Mr. Sherlock Holmes. I had just time to get up to town by the night train to see him this morning, and to bring 
rcumstances served only to make the case more complex. In the first place, no reason could be given why the young man should have fastened the door upon the inside. There was th
 beryls, onyxes, cats'-eyes, turquoises, and other stones, the very names of which I did not know at the time, though I have become more familiar with them since. Besides this, there were nearly t
ondemn'd: Not me begotten of a shepherd swain, But issued from the progeny of kings; Virtuous and holy, chosen from above By inspiratio
ange! Every inordinate cup is unblest, and the ingredient is a devil. IAGO. Come, come, good wine is a good familiar creature, if it be well used. Exc
trumpet calls to parley The sleepers of the house? Speak, speak! MACDUFF. O gentle lady, 'Tis not for you to hear what I can speak: The repetition in a woman's ear 
 prosecution must be avoided to avert scandal, and I knew that so astute a villain would see that our hands were tied in the ma
o stay and eat it. Boys, bid him welcome. GUIDERIUS. Were you a woman, youth, I should woo hard but be your groom. In honesty I bid for you as I'd buy. ARVIRAGUS. 
cry 'Death!' Insisting on the old prerogative And power i' th' truth o' th' cause. AEDILE. I shall inform them. BRUTUS. And when such time they have
 Whiles I in this affair do thee employ, I'll to my queen, and beg her Indian boy; And then I will her charmed eye release From monster's view, and all things shall be peace. PUCK. My fairy lord, th
 yourself By calmness or by absence; all's in anger. MENENIUS. Only fair speech. COMINIUS. I think 'twill serve, if he Can thereto frame his spirit. VOLUMNIA. He must and will. Prithee now
den wire in the centre of the room. As it burned it filled the air with a subtle and aromatic odor. "Mr. Thaddeus Sholto," said the little man, still jerking and smiling. "That is my name
Jove, a curly-haired spaniel. Poor Mortimer will never see his pet again. Well, I do not know that this place contains any secret which we have not already fathomed. He could hide his houn
biades CUPID AMAZONS in the Masque Lords, Senators, Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Thieves, and Attendants <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF
econd act." THE ADVENTURE OF THE BRUCE-PARTINGTON PLANS In the third week of November, in the year 1895, a dense yellow fog settled down upon London. From the Monday to t
 Man The Bodymaster Lodge 341, Vermissa The Valley of Fear The Darkest Hour Danger The Trapping of Birdy Edward
nough To hide thee from prevention. Enter the conspirators, Cassius, Casca, Decius, Cinna, Metellus Cimber, and Trebonius. CASSIUS. I think
cate of some man whose name she has assumed, when suddenly her whereabouts is discovered by her first husband
officers, to the block of shame; Wrong hath but wrong, and blame the due of blame. Exeunt SCENE 2. Camp near Tamworth Enter RICH
e and five furlongs). 1. Mr. Heath Newton's The Negro. Red cap. Cinnamon jacket. 2. Colonel Wardlaw's Pugilist. Pink cap. Blu
maz'd. Here is a letter; read it at your leisure; It comes from Padua, from Bellario; There you shall find that Portia was the doctor, Nerissa there her clerk. Lorenzo her
for, to say the sooth- Though 'tis no wisdom to confess so much Unto an enemy of craft and vantage- My people are with sickness much enfeebled; My numbers lessen'd; and 
 had shown the Scowrers of Gilmerton that the Vermissa men were to be relied upon. There had been one contretemps; for a man and his wife had driven up while they were still emptying th
 prithee turn aside and weep for her; Then bid adieu to me, and say the tears Belong to Egypt. Good now, play one scene Of excellent dissembling, and let it look L
 once had this lady been brought into contact with sailors, and that was on her voyage, and it was someone of her own class of life, since she was trying har
s horseback-breaker, this huge hill of flesh- Fal. 'Sblood, you starveling, you elf-skin, you dried neat's-tongu
is A way to make us better friends, more known. Come, quench your blushes, and present yourself That which you are, Mistress o' th' F
pistols, Marvin!" There was no possible resistance under the menace of those rifles. The men were disarmed. 
d by a tugging at my shoulder. It was Holmes. The candle in his hand shone upon his eager, stooping face and told me at a g
ointing to a big black box at the end of his bed. "I have never been a very rich man, Mr. Holmes--never made but one investment in my life, as Dr. Trevelyan would tell 
out another within earshot. It's no good by day. He's armed and shoots quick and straight, with no questions asked. But at night--well, there he is with his wife, three children, and a hired help. 
o much so," I remarked, "that of the last six cases which I have added to my notes, three have been e
ck a chill to the most reckless of them. "It is my advice," the speaker continued, "that we go easier upon the small men. On the day th
all this. BOLINGBROKE. Norfolk, so far as to mine enemy. By this time, had the King permitted us, One of our souls had wand'red in the air, Banish'd this frail s
out, Have practis'd dangerously against your state, Dealing with witches and with conjurers, Whom we have apprehended in the fact, Raising up wicked spirits from under g
re-bred civilian as long as you keep that habit of carrying your handkerchief in your sleeve. Could you pu
r! wife! AUFIDIUS. [Aside] I am glad thou hast set thy mercy and thy honour At difference in thee. Out of that I'll work Myself a former fortune. CORIOLANUS. [To the ladies] Ay, by and by; But we
stant too late--they resumed their solemn masks as my figure came into view. A hurried word or two passed between them, and then Barker rose and came towards me. "Excuse me, sir," said he, "but a
t thee. Exit THYREUS. Shall I say to Caesar What you require of him? For he partly begs To be desir'd to give. It much would please him That of his fortunes you shoul
glin, wort, and malmsey; well run dice! There's half a dozen sweets. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Seventh sweet, adieu! Since
k which ascends to such rarefied heights of pure mathematics that it is said that there was no man in the scientific press capable of criticizing it? Is this a man to traduce? Foul-mout
o be correct as mine." "You have formed one, then?" "I think that it is not difficult to explain the facts. It came out in evidence that Colonel Moran and young Adair had between them won a considera
till grasping one of its legs, lay the unfortunate tenant of the house. He had been stabbed to the heart and must have died instan
benediction com'st To the warm sun! Approach, thou beacon to this under globe, That by thy comfortable beams I may Peruse this letter. Nothing almost sees 
ng staircases, and little low doors, the thresholds of which were hollowed out by the generations who had crossed them. There were no carpets and no signs of any furniture
sion shows she? Claud. [aside] Bait the hook well! This fish will bite. Leon. What effects, my lord? She will sit you--you heard my daughter te
hold me? Not fate, obedience, nor the hand of Mars Beck'ning with fiery truncheon my retire; Not Priamus and Hecuba on knees, Their eyes o'ergalled with recourse of tears
e to me, when I did give it you, That you would wear it till your hour of death, And that it should lie with you in your grave; Though not for me, ye
y I wish To hear from Rome. The Marchioness of Pembroke! NORFOLK. He's discontented. SUFFOLK. May be he hears the King Does whet his anger to him. SURREY. Sharp enough, Lord, for thy jus
 imagine." "Have you read Gaboriau's works?" I asked. "Does Lecoq come up to your idea of a detective?" Sherlock Holmes sniffed sardonically. "Lecoq was 
The idea of some ghastly presence constantly haunted him, and on more than one occasion he has asked me whether I had on my medical journeys at night ever seen any strange creature or hea
veral books which he was carrying. I remember that as I picked them up I observed the title of one of them, The Ori
erly, my hearts! Tyb. Patience perforce with wilful choler meeting Makes my flesh tremble in their different greeting. I will withdraw; but this intrusi
I hunted with his honour to-day. You to Sempronius. Commend me to their loves; and I am proud, say, that my occasions have found time to use '
and was relieved to find that there was nothing formidable in his symptoms. Even his iron constitution, however, had broken down under the strain of an investigation which had extend
m. He did not pause, however, but bounded onward. Far away on the path we saw Sir Henry looking back, his face white in the moonlight, his hands raised in horror, glaring helplessly at th
hance of warning Sir Henry, and he hoped, no doubt, that when the whole country-side put down the baronet's death to the curse of his family, as they certainly would do, he could win his wife back
 once or twice shook his head in strong dissent. I stood among the rocks watching them, very much puzzled as to what I should do next. To follow the
u welcome to the open air. How hath your lordship brook'd imprisonment? HASTINGS. With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must; But I shal
luttish spoils of opportunity, And daughters of the game. [Trumpet within] ALL. The Troyans' trumpet. 
 year at the furthest we will leave the valley behind us." It was the most that Ettie could obtain, and yet it was something. The
n earnest of a greater honor, He bade me, from him, call thee Thane of Cawdor. In which addition, hail, most worthy Thane, For it is
g'd my mother so To see me first as I have now. Pisanio! Man! Where is Posthumus? What is in thy mind That makes thee stare thus? Wherefore breaks that sigh From th' 
seems thirty unto me, Being all this time abandon'd from your bed. SLY. 'Tis much. Servants, leave me and her alone. Exeunt SERVANTS Madam, undress you, and come now to bed. PAGE. Thr
e me bleed. Let fall thy blade on vulnerable crests; I bear a charmed life, which must not yield To one of woman born. MACDUFF. Despair thy charm, And let the angel whom thou sti
e open doorway, it seemed to McMurdo that he had never seen a more beautiful picture; the more attractive for its contrast with the sordid and gloom
 play the idiots in her eyes! How one man eats into another's pride, While pride is fasting in his wantonness! To see these Grecian lords!-why, even already T
from Othello's mind! EMILIA. Lady, amen. DESDEMONA. I will go seek him. Cassio, walk hereabout. If I do find him fit, I'll move your suit, And seek to effect it to my 
se up, and walk like sprites To countenance this horror! Ring the bell. Bell rings. Enter Lady Macbeth. LADY MACBETH. What's the business, T
rd worker. According to his own account, corroborated only by the word of his wife, he was at home the whole of Monday evenin
; And to the skirts of this wild wood he came, Where, meeting with an old religious man, After some question with him, was converted Both fr
e, Sir Valentine, my friend, This night intends to steal away your daughter; Myself am one made privy to the plot. I know you have determin'd to bestow her On Thurio, whom your gentle 
sauc'd with lies. COMINIUS. Too modest are you; More cruel to your good report than grateful To us that give you truly. By your 
nd Fool. Lear. Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! rage! blow! You cataracts and hurricanoes, spout Till you have drench'd our steeples, drown'd the cocks! You sulph'rou
t power is it which mounts my love so high, That makes me see, and cannot feed mine eye? The mightiest space in fortune nature brings To join like likes, and kiss like native things. Imposs
 pockets to make sure of the coat's sinking. He throws it out, and would have done the same with the other garments had not he heard the rush of steps below, and only j
he law instead of its defiers. The high object of our mission, the consciousness that it was unselfish and chivalrous, the vi
tely pace kept on his course, Whilst all tongues cried 'God save thee, Bolingbroke!' You would have tho
ld have stay'd My father from the breast of Bolingbroke, O, when the King did throw his warder down- His own life hung upon the staff he threw- Then threw he down himself, and all their
 be fain to hang you. PAROLLES. My life, sir, in any case! Not that I am afraid to die, but that, my offences being many, I would repent out
en; see the issue of his search. Exeunt EVANS, PAGE, and CAIUS MRS. PAGE. Is there not a double excellency in this? MRS. FORD. I k
e course of events is certainly among the most singular that I have ever listened to. Perhaps, Mr. Wilson, you would have the
 him." "But how came he to have so singular a companion?" "Ah, that is more than I can tell. Since, however, we had already determined that Small had come from the Andamans, 
r Watson," said he. "A candid observer would certainly declare that we were so already before we embarked upon so wild an experiment. I confess that I never imagined that the effect c
e sound of steps, and turning round found a woman near me upon the path. She had come from the direction in which the plume of smok
ou wast sworn to cherish and defend. FIRST MURDERER. How canst thou urge God's dreadful law to us, When thou hast broke it in such dear degree? CLARENCE. Alas! for whose sake did I that ill deed? 
ter APEMANTUS and FOOL CAPHIS. Stay, stay, here comes the fool with Apemantus. Let's ha' some sport with 'em. VARRO'S SE
ds Have been mine so that evermore they pointed To th' good of your most sacred person and The profit of the state. For your great gr
And of the paste a coffin I will rear, And make two pasties of your shameful heads; And bid that strumpet, your unhallowed dam, Like to the earth, swallow her own increase. This is the feast that 
sket on your shoulders. That done, trudge with it in all haste, and carry it among the whitsters in Datchet Mead, and the
t was worth thinking over. Then there is another obvious point. The note was sent to William. The man who wrote it could not have taken it; ot
re counsellors That feelingly persuade me what I am.' Sweet are the uses of adversity, Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, Wears yet a precious jewel in his head; And this our life
an old, tumbledown building in a crazy state of disrepair. When the trap pulled up on the grass-grown drive in front of the blotched and weather
ue shrift. Come, madam, let's away, Exeunt [Montague and Wife]. Ben. Good morrow, cousin. Rom. Is the day so young? Ben. But new struck
de] Ay, widow? Then I'll warrant you all your lands, An if what pleases him shall pleasure you. Fight closer o
ery, and thanks unto you all; If fortune serve me, I'll requite this kindness. Now for this night let's harbour here in York; And when the morning sun shall raise his car 
illa-lined roads which lead to the metropolis. Now, however, we were beginning to come among continuous streets, where laborers and dockmen were already astir, and slatter
ith yellow coats." "Dear me!" said Holmes sympathetically. "Now, Mr. Mac and you, Mr. White Mason, I wish to g
an in the country." "But how?" "Well, his position is unique. He has made it for himself. There has never been anything like it before, nor will be again. He
our commissions handsomely.' "'Well, Small,' said the major, 'we must, I suppose, try and meet you. We must fi
 in the wonder of it, came missives from the King, who all-hailed me 'Thane of Cawdor'; by which title, before, these weird sisters saluted me and referred me to the coming on of time
ivable explanation. My only claim to being taken into your confidence is that during my many residences here I have come to know this family of Tre
r our difficulties disappear. An agent from such a society makes his way into the house, waits for Mr. Douglas, blows his head nearly off with this weapon, and escapes by wading the moat, after leavi
nk. The thief or the murderer could roam London on such a day as the tiger does the jungle, unseen until he pounces, and then evident only to his victim." 
 would not be delay'd. If my offense be of such mortal kind That nor my service past nor present sorrows Nor purposed 
-hall, his bedroom candle in his hand, and he held it up against the time-stained portrait on the wall. "Do you see anything there?" I looked at the broad plumed hat, the curli
 now all is well. One aloof stand sentinel. Exeunt FAIRIES Enter OBERON and squeezes the flower on TITANIA'S eyelids OBERO
tion. "These are much deeper waters than I had thought." He sank his head upon his hands, while the Inspector smiled at the effect which hi
the friar Subtilly hath minist'red to have me dead, Lest in this marriage he should be dishonour'd Because he married me before to Romeo? I fear it is; and yet 
ew'd Whiles kites and buzzards prey at liberty. GLOUCESTER. What news abroad? HASTINGS. No news so ba
REMIO. Why will you mew her up, Signior Baptista, for this fiend of hell, And make her bear the penance of her tongue? BAPTISTA. Gentleme
them money] Nay, put out all your hands. Not one word more! Thus part we rich in sorrow, parting poor. [Embrace, and part several
ce About some gossips for your Highness. LEONTES. How! Away with that audacious lady! Antigonus, I charg'd thee that she
rcumstances. The public has already learned those particulars of the crime which came out in the police investigation; but a good deal was suppressed upon that occasion, since the ca
said McMurdo, "I do." There was a murmur of astonishment through the hall. "I believe we hold him in the hollow of our ha
 me in most respects, but we had some subjects in common, and it was a bond of union when I found that he was as friendless as I. Finally, he invited me down to his father's place at Donni
ting? Not he that sets his foot upon her back, The smallest worm will turn, being trodden on, And doves will peck in safeguard of their brood. Ambitious York did level
e experiences upon the moor. October 16th.--A dull and foggy day with a drizzle of rain. The house is banked in with rolling clouds, which rise now and then to show the dreary cur
picures! The mind I sway by and the heart I bear Shall never sag with doubt nor shake with fear. Enter a Servant. The de
 me. I prithee turn aside and weep for her; Then bid adieu to me, and say the tears Belong to Egypt. Good now, play one scene Of excellent dissembling, and let it look Like perfect hono
d indignantly declined to climb the railings, to pass in and open the hall door. By nine o'clock we were all seated in the st
e King himself hath a heavy reckoning to make when all those legs and arms and heads, chopp'd off in a battle, shall join together at the latter day an
TSMAN. Why, Belman is as good as he, my lord; He cried upon it at the merest loss, And twice to-day pick'd out the dullest scent; Trust me, I take him for the better dog. LORD. Thou art a fool;
. "This may interest you, Lestrade," he remarked, holding it out. "The murder was done with it." "I see no marks." "There are none." "How do you know, then?" "The grass was gr
? QUEEN MARGARET. From such a cause as fills mine eyes with tears And stops my tongue, while heart is drown'd in cares. LEWIS. Whate'er it be, be thou still like thyself, And sit thee by our
ether demonstrated Unto our climature and countrymen. Enter Ghost again. But soft! behold! Lo, where it comes again! I'll cross it, though it blast me.- Stay ill
 mug to write to you at all." "It would puzzle any crook to force that safe," Von Bork answered. "You won't cut that metal with any tool." "Bu
m, instantly put themselves in communication with the police, and very energetic inquiries are being made, which will probably result in a speedy clearing up of this very singular business. Up t
y think'st and hast most rightly said! [To Regan and Goneril] And your large speeches may your deeds approve, Th
d LAVINIA, with others SATURNINUS. So, Bassianus, you have play'd your prize: God give you joy, sir, of your gallant bride! BASSIANUS. And 
letter] 'Twill be two days ere I shall see you; so I leave you to your wisdom. HELENA. Sir, I can nothing say But that I am your most obedient servant. BERTRAM. Come, come, no more 
ur family documents overcame me so far that I took a step forward, and Brunton, looking up, saw me standing in the doorway. He sprang to his feet, his face turned livid with fear, and he thrust 
of fire, and to wait you at the corner of the street." "Precisely." "Then you may entirely rely on me." "That is excellent. I 
ted. "What is it but a war between us and them, and we hit back where we best can." There was high revel in the lodge room at the Union House that night, not only over the killing of the manager an
hyself. The day will come that thou shalt wish for me To help thee curse this poisonous bunch-back'd toad. HASTINGS. False-boding woman, end thy frantic curse, Lest to 
it his pipe. "You are very welcome to both," said he. "Pray let me have a detailed account of what the circumstances are which have disturbed you." "One or two of the
 come from a stab with a hat-pin. The sly fiend--Heaven forgive me that I should speak of him so, now that he is dead, bu
evil was amongst 'em, I think surely. PORTER. These are the youths that thunder at a playhouse and fight for bitten apples; that no audience but the t
, To grim Necessity; and he and Will keep a league till death. Hie thee to France, And cloister thee in some religious house. Our holy lives mu
c. "If they are too many for us we shall take two or three of them with us," he said with a sinister smile. The lights inside the house had all been extinguished, and from the
at death's door. Then she got better at last, all worn to a shadow, and with her beautiful hair cut off; but that didn't make no change in her young man, and he stuck to her 
ir singing answer your saying, by my faith you say honestly. Pedro. The Lady Beatrice hath a quarrel to you. The gentleman that danc'd with her told her she is much wrong'd by you. Bene. O, she mis
r about it?" "Quite so, madam," said Holmes in his soothing way. "I have no doubt that you have been annoyed more than enough already over this business." "Indeed I have, si
the troops pass fairly, or I'll find A Marshalsea shall hold ye play these two months. PORTER. Make way there for the Princess. MAN. You great fellow, Stand close
rumpets' dreadful bray, And grating shock of wrathful iron arms, Might from our quiet confines fright fair peace And make us wade even in our kindred's blood- Therefore we banish you our territo
 me. HUBERT. I can heat it, boy. ARTHUR. No, in good sooth; the fire is dead with grief, Being create for comfort, to be us'd In undeserved extremes. See else yourself: There is no m
uce for it. [Striking him again] You call'd me yesterday mountain-squire; but I will make you to-day a squire of low degree. I pray you fall to; if you can mock a 
 angry? ALEXANDER. They say he yesterday cop'd Hector in the battle and struck him down, the disdain and shame whereof hath ever sinc
thou exists on many a thousand grains That issue out of dust. Happy thou art not; For what thou hast not, still thou striv'
tter? OTHELLO. All's well now, sweeting; come away to bed. Sir, for your hurts, myself will be your s
 alter the article of thy gentry. MRS. FORD. We burn daylight. Here, read, read; perceive how I might be knighted. I shall think the worse of fat men as long as I have an eye to make difference 
 I cried. "Elementary," said he. "It is one of those instances where the reasoner can produce an effect which seems remarkable to his neighbor, because the latter has missed the o
 toes in the impressions, and that his own boots exactly corresponded to them. Again, of course no subordinate would have dared to do such a thing. I described to him how, when according t
our cottage ceiling, the beard--golden at the fringes and white near the lips, save for the nicotine stai
ools, should fall For private faults in them. SECOND SENATOR. Nor are they living Who were the motives that you first went out; Shame, that they wanted cunning, in excess Hath broke their
r's arms, Our pastimes done, possess a golden slumber, Whiles hounds and horns and sweet melodious birds Be unto us as is a nurse's song Of lullaby to bring her babe asleep. AARON
nt dumb discourse. PROSPERO. [Aside] Praise in departing. FRANCISCO. They vanish'd strangely. SEBASTIAN. No matter, since They have left the
art always figuring diseases in me, but thou art full of error; I am sound. LUCIO. Nay, not, as one would say, healthy; but so sound as things that are hollow: thy bones 
 silk, let him be made An overture for th' wars. No more, I say. For that I have not wash'd my nose that bled, Or foil'd some debile wretch, which without
definite end so far as he was concerned; for one had only to look at that granite face to realize that no peine forte et dure 
your co-operation." "I shall be delighted." "You don't mind breaking the law?" "Not in the least." "Nor running a cha
deed, instituted divorce proceedings against her husband at or about the time of the tragedy. It was unlikely that she would dare to say t
pectacles. He had become a visible leader of men. They stared at him with eager interest; but he said nothing. Still with the sam
WARD Enter HELENA Even so it was with me when I was young. If ever we are nature's, these are ours; this thorn Doth to our rose of youth rightly belong; Our blo
ot yet out of his swaddling clouts. Ros. Happily he's the second time come to them; for they say an old man is twice a child. Ham. I will prophesy he comes to tell me of the players. Mark it.- Yo
tle Andaman Islander was picked up by a convict-gang in the woods. He was sick to death, and had gone to a lonely place to die. I took him in hand, though he was as venomous as a young snake
s marks upon his batt'red shield, But yet so just that he will not revenge. Revenge the heavens for old Andronicus! Exit SCENE II. Rome. The palace Enter AARO
S OF FRANCE, with three attending ladies, ROSALINE, MARIA, KATHARINE, BOYET, and two other LORDS BOYET. Now, madam, summon up your dearest spirits. Consider who the Ki
 As thou hast lent me wit to plot this drift. Exit SCENE VII. Verona. JULIA'S house Enter JULIA and LUCETTA JULIA. Counsel, Lucetta; gentle girl, assist me; And, ev'n in kind love, I do conj
And thou art wedded to calamity. Enter Romeo. Rom. Father, what news? What is the Prince's doom What sorrow craves acquaintance at my hand That I yet
o repent, and struck Me, wretch more worth your vengeance. But alack, You snatch some hence for little faults; that's love, To have them fall no more. You some permit To second ills with
DULL. Sir, the Duke's pleasure is that you keep Costard safe; and you must suffer him to take no delight nor no penance; but 'a must fast three days a week. For this damsel, 
Come, make him stand upon this molehill here That raught at mountains with outstretched arms, Yet parted but the shadow with his hand. What, was it you tha
ing in this dreary valley, and Ettie listened, her dark eyes gleaming with pity and with sympathy--those two qualities which may turn so rapidly and so naturally to love. McMurdo had obtained a t
im far from a good character. Small could not find out, however, where the treasure was hid, for no one ever knew, save the major and one fai
ber that he threw up what must have been a very superior berth in order to be nearer to his wife--subject, too, to occasional fits of hard d
e ignorant, call the deer the Princess kill'd a pricket. NATHANIEL. Perge, good Master Holofernes, perge, so it shall please you to abrogate scurrility. HOLOFERNES. I 
ger: this is no fish, but an islander, that hath lately suffered by thunderbolt. [Thunder] Alas, the storm is come 
O OF EPHESUS. I am an ass indeed; you may prove it by my long 'ears. I have served him from the hour of my nativity to this instant, and have nothing at his hands for my service but blows. Wh
 Love got so sweet as when desire did sue; Therefore this maxim out of love I teach: Achievement is command; ungain'd, beseech. Then though my heart's content firm love doth bear, Nothing of that
mise and conjecture. We should be laughed out of court if we came with such a story and such evidence." "There is Sir Charles's death." "Found dead without a mark upon him. You a
. "There is serious news this morning," Lestrade observed. "It is said that Mr. Turner, of the Hall, is so ill that his lif
to heaven or hell; And this fell tempest shall not cease to rage Until the golden circuit on my head, Like to the glorious sun's
. My gracious Prince, and honourable peers, Hearing of your arrival in this realm, I have awhile given truce unto my wars To do my duty to my sovereign; In sign whereof, this arm that hath reclaim
 who you are. KING RICHARD. I had forgot myself; am I not King? Awake, thou coward majesty! thou sleepest. Is not the King's na
e. BOLINGBROKE. We thank thee, gentle Percy, for thy pains; And to thy worth will add right worthy gains. Enter FITZ
 at the gate by ten o'clock'. Beneath it were signed the initials L. L." "Have you got that slip?" "No, sir, it crumbled all to bits after we moved it." "Had Sir Charles received any o
, then, who is our enemy--it is he who dogged us in London?" "So I read the riddle." "And the warning--it must have come from her!" "Exactly." The shape of some monstrous villainy, half seen, half
, Mr. Holmes, when I got back to my lodgings and found little enough in the cupboard, and two or three bills upon the table. I began to ask myself whether I had not done a ver
, burn this letter, and be at the gate by ten o'clock.'" I thought that she had fainted, but she recovered herself by a su
rowner's quest law. Other. Will you ha' the truth an't? If this had not been a gentlewoman, she should have been buried out o' Christian buria
 settled visage and deliberate word Nips youth i' th' head, and follies doth enew As falcon doth the fowl, is yet a devil; His filth within bein
tell you this?" "Well, my dear sir, knowing the vindictive character of his old associates, he was trying to hide his own identity from everybody as long as he could. His secret was a shameful o
ou, Holmes, that I marvel at the means by which you obtain your results in this case, even more than I did in the Jefferson Hope Murder. The thing
hear me. ANGELO. Well; what's your suit? ISABELLA. There is a vice that most I do abhor, And most desire should meet the blow of justice; For which I would not plead, b
 with me ere you make that my report; you, indeed, spoke so of him; and much more, much worse. LUCIO. O thou damnable fellow! Did not I pluck thee by the n
ent? MARGARET. An if my father please, I am content. SUFFOLK. Then call our captains and our colours forth
 That can be with a nimble galliard won; You cannot revel into dukedoms there. He therefore sends you, meeter for your spirit, This tun of 
 Swallows have built In Cleopatra's sails their nests. The augurers Say they know not, they cannot tell; look griml
nd more, Miranda. But how is it That this lives in thy mind? What seest thou else In the dark backward and abysm of time? If thou rememb'rest aught, ere th
en, swarthy face grotesquely horrible in its contortion and his head encircled by a ghastly crimson halo of blood, lying in a broad wet circle upon the white woodwork. His kn
se for it." "I am afraid that this is a bad business, Watson," said my companion, as he returned after accompanying Mr. Grant Munro to the door. "What do you make of it?" "It had an ug
e. And Holmes had expressly said that I should study the neighbours upon the moor. I accepted Stapleton's invitation, and we turned together down the path. "It is a wonderful place, the 
be first?" "I don't know--not very long." The man's eyes were fixed upon the northern horizon. In the blue vault of the heaven there had
There was an interview--a short one--during which you walked up and down the room. Then you passed out and closed the window, standing on the lawn outside smoking a cigar and 
that he may have broken his neck with the fall. You see, gentlemen, that I am keeping my promise. I am telling you every work of the business just exactly as it happened, whether 
 of it blest Ever shall in safety rest. Trip away; make no stay; Meet me all by break of day. Exeunt all but PUCK P
aw had been alive at this hour, and your son here at home, more advanc'd by the King than by that red-tail'd humble-bee I speak of. COUNTESS. I would I had not known h
 of his fortunes you should make a staff To lean upon. But it would warm his spirits To hear from me you had left Antony, And put yourself under his shroud, The universal landlord.
minated, plotted, and set down, And only stays but to behold the face Of that occasion that shall bring it on. Hot. I smell it. Upo
. CHIEF JUSTICE. To punish you by the heels would amend the attention of your ears; and I care not if I do become your physician. FALSTAFF. I am as poor as Job, my lord, but not so patient
rs-as not thus to suffer A man of his place, and so near our favour, To dance attendance on their lordships' pleasures, An
ou. Might I beg you, as time may prove to be of importance, to furnish me with the facts of your case without further delay?" Our visitor again pa
and not a political one, which called for such a methodical revenge. When the inscription was discovered upon the wall I was more inclined tha
king a chair. "I seem to have dropped into a sort of council of war." "Are you--are you sure of this piece of intellige
swears a prayer or two And sleeps again. This is that very Mab That plats the manes of horses in the night And bakes the elflocks in foul sluttish, hairs, Which 
rne a son propre vomissement, et la truie lavee au bourbier.' Thou mak'st use of anything. CONSTABLE. Yet do I not use my horse for my mistress, 
ut is not so; For sorrow's eye, glazed with blinding tears, Divides one thing entire to many objects, Like perspectives which, rightly gaz'd upon, Show nothing but confus
's kingdom. 'Tis enough That, Britain, I have kill'd thy mistress; peace! I'll give no wound to thee. Therefore, good heavens, Hear patiently my purpose. I'll disrobe me Of these
What, what, my lord! Are you so choleric With Eleanor for telling but her dream? Next time I'll keep my dreams unto myself And not be check'd. GLOUCESTER. Nay, be not angry; I am pleas'd a
u note the peculiar construction of the sentence--'This account of you we have from all quarters received.' A Frenchman or Russian could not have written that. I
hty rock, Which being violently borne upon, Our helpful ship was splitted in the midst; So that, in this unjust divorce of us, Fortune had left to
h thee! EXETER. Farewell, kind lord. Fight valiantly to-day; And yet I do thee wrong to mind thee of it, For thou art fram'd of the firm truth of valour. Exit SALISBURY BEDFORD. He
and what we have to do To the direction just. FIRST MURTHERER. Then stand with us. The west yet glimmers with some streaks of day; Now spurs the lated traveler apac
mightst join her hand with his, Whose heart within his bosom is. ROSALIND. [To DUKE] To you I give myself, for I am yours. [To ORLANDO]
at manner of man is he? FABIAN. Nothing of that wonderful promise, to read him by his form, as you are like to find him in the pr
 than he? No, this thrice-worthy and right valiant lord Shall not so stale his palm, nobly acquir'd, Nor, by my will, assubjugate his merit, As amply titled as Achilles is
the cars when I went down the line on Wednesday--a hard case if ever there was one. He said he was a r
 nothing could have stay'd My father from the breast of Bolingbroke, O, when the King did throw his warder down- His own life hung upon the staff he threw- Then threw he down himself, and all their
t doubt that the affair will grow more intelligible." So it proved; for in the morning I found my friend standing on the hearthrug with his back to the fire an
ut unwittingly? Forsooth, an inventory, thus importing The several parcels of his plate, his treasure, Rich stuffs, and ornaments of household; which I find at s
 it were otherwise: that I could beat him, whilst he rail'd at me! 'Sfoot, I'll learn to conjure and raise devils, but I'll see some issue of my spiteful execrations. Then there's Achilles,
 yellow stockings. SIR TOBY. And cross-garter'd? MARIA. Most villainously; like a pedant that keeps a school i' th' church. I have dogg'd him like his murderer. He do
are too tired?" "By no means. I don't think I could rest until I know more of this fantastic business. I have seen something of the rough side of life, but 
dies here I solemnly defy Save how to gall and pinch this Bolingbroke; And that same sword-and-buckler Prince of Wales- But that I think his father loves him not And would be glad he
glas in a boarding house in London, did you not, and became engaged to him there? Was there any romanc
mistress sent to have me home to dinner! My house was at the Phoenix! Wast thou mad, That thus so madly thou didst answer me? DROM
for us both to-night which, if we can bring it to a successful conclusion, will in itself justify a man's life on this planet." In vain I begged him to tell me more. "You will hear 
ant boulders. Now and then we passed a moorland cottage, walled and roofed with stone, with no creeper to break its harsh outline. Suddenly we looked down into a cup-like depression, 
y, Schoolmasters will I keep within my house Fit to instruct her youth. If you, Hortensio, Or, Signior Gremio, you, know an
 my noble cousin Buckingham, If ever any grudge were lodg'd between us; Of you, and you, Lord Rivers, and o
s heart, Crying "Long live! Hail, Caesar!" CASSIUS. Antony, The posture of your blows are yet unknown; But for your w
usion Shall draw him on to his confusion. He shall spurn fate, scorn death, and bear His hopes 'bove wisdom, grace, and fear. And you all know security Is mortals' chiefest enemy. Music and 
 fetch them, sir. Exit PROSPERO. Ye elves of hills, brooks, standing lakes, and groves; And ye that on the sands with printless foot Do chase the ebbing Neptune, and do fly him When 
reated her ungenerously, and she had no just cause of complaint against me, but you know what women are, Mr. Holmes. Flora was a dear little thing, but exceedingly hot-headed a
he power and puissance of the King. HASTINGS. Our present musters grow upon the file To five and twenty thousand men of choice; And our supplies live largely in the hope Of great Northumbe
creaming breakers. The wise mariner stands far out from that evil place. On the land side our surroundings were as sombre as on the sea. It was a coun
their ragged sides, Because thy flinty heart, more hard than they, Might in thy palace perish Margaret. As far as I could ken thy chalky cliffs, When from thy shore the tempest beat us b
an's knell Is there scarce ask'd for who, and good men's lives Expire before the flowers in their caps, Dying or ere they sicken. MACDUFF. O, relation Too ni
hing but doth lend, And being frank she lends to those are free: Then beauteous niggard why dost thou abuse, The bounteous largess 
 of what may seem a mere whim, but on my life, Watson, I simply can't leave that case in this condition. Every instinct that I possess cries out against it. It's wrong-
seen him in such exuberant spirits. Again and again he recurred to the fact that if he could be assured that society was freed fro
swerve, had force and knowledge More than was ever man's, I would not prize them Without her love; for her employ them a
t our Queen, Do seek subversion of thy harmless life? Thou never didst them wrong, nor no man wrong; And as the butcher takes away the calf, And binds the wretch, an
y William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae SIR JOHN FALSTAFF FENTON, a young gentleman SHALLOW, a country justice SLENDER, cousin to Shallow Gentlemen of Windsor FORD PAGE WILLIAM PAG
ness are his looks! Uncle, for God's sake, speak comfortable words. YORK. Should I do so, I should belie my thoughts. C
hem, arms, legs, backs, shoulders, sides, and shins. FAIRY QUEEN. About, about; Search Windsor castle, elves, within and out; Strew good luck, ouphes, on every sacred room, That it may
 sent to seek his master! Sure, Luciana, it is two o'clock. LUCIANA. Perhaps some merchant hath invited him, And from the mart he's somewhere gone to dinner; Good sister, let us d
rish'd disobedience, fed The ruin of the state. BRUTUS. Why shall the people give One that speaks thus their voice? CORIOLANUS. I'll give my reasons, More worthier tha
 was no wonder that it had not been swept away by the tide. But a human body is a different matter. There is a fierce eddy between the wharf and the house. It seemed likely
perceive three of the county constabulary in the drive, and I am glad to see that the little ostler is able to keep pace with them; so it is likely that neither he nor the interesting bridegroom w
Angelo, thy fault's thus manifested, Which, though thou wouldst deny, denies thee vantage. We do condemn thee to 
! Mer. He is wise, And, on my life, hath stol'n him home to bed. Ben. He ran this way, and leapt this orchard
 words? QUEEN ELIZABETH. Windy attorneys to their client woes, Airy succeeders of intestate joys, Poor breathing orators of miseries, Let them have scope; though 
try, How long continued; and what stock he springs of- The noble house o' th' Marcians; from whence came That Ancus Marcius, Numa's daug
 and raise a pow'r To be reveng'd on Rome and Saturnine. Exit SCENE II. Rome. TITUS' house A banquet. Enter TITUS, MARCUS, LAVINIA, and the boy YOUNG LUC
that problem which has vexed me so sorely. I swear that another day shall not have passed before I have done 
us hear the end, Mr. Mac. Was there nothing to identify this man?" "So little that it was evident that he had carefully guarded himself ag
 home, or, to speak more properly, stays me here at home unkept; for call you that keeping for a gentleman of my birth that differs not from the stalling of an ox? His horses are br
 specimens of the same bust." "Well, I thought as you do," said Lestrade. "On the other hand, this Morse Hudson is the purveyor of busts in that part of London, and these three were the only ones 
d not use me so. Reg. Sir, being his knave, I will. Corn. This is a fellow of the selfsame colour Our sister speaks of. Come, bring away the stocks! Stocks broug
s some time before the health of my friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes recovered from the strain caused by his immense exertions in the spring of '87. The whole question of the Netherlan
sharp click, as if a spring or bolt had fallen into its place. Still kneeling upon the floor he bent forward and threw all his weight and strength upon some lever, with the result that there came a l
s born with teeth!' And so I was, which plainly signified That I should snarl, and bite, and play the dog. Then, since the heavens have shap'd my body so, Let 
ng down into the hole. "'These are coins of Charles the First,' said he, holding out the few which had been in the box; 'you see we were right in fixing our date fo
, no, nor power, but that Which they have given to beggars. MENENIUS. Well, no more. FIRST SENATOR. No more words, we beseech you. CORIOLANUS
stings with my heart! KING EDWARD. Madam, yourself is not exempt from this; Nor you, son Dorset; Buckingham, nor you: You have been factious one against the other. Wife, love Lord
f I tarry at home and go not, I'll hang you for going. Poins. You will, chops? Fal. Hal, wilt thou make one? Prince. Who, I rob? I a thief? Not I, by my faith. Fal. There's neither hone
something very attractive about that livid face at the window, and I would not have missed the case for worlds." "You have a theory?" "
evil's teeth, From whence you have them. You are jealous now That this is from some mistress, some remembrance. No, by my faith, Bianca. BIANCA. Why, whose is it? CASSIO. I know not, sweet. I found
 better than the fools' zanies. OLIVIA. O, you are sick of self-love, Malvolio, and taste with a distemper'd appetite. To be generous, guiltless, and of free disposition
t such companions thou'ldst unfold, And put in every honest hand a whip To lash the rascals naked through the wor
 promis'd me eternal happiness, And brought me garlands, Griffith, which I feel I am not worthy yet to wear. I shall, assuredly. GRIFFITH. I am most joyful, madam, such good
 but gradually growing higher and broader until it formed a solid, well-defined cloud. This cloud continued to incr
 no suit against my knight, my guest-cavaleiro. FORD. None, I protest; but I'll give you a pottle of burnt sack to give me recourse to him, and tell him my name is Brook-only for a jest. HOST. 
allycholly; I pray you, why is it? JULIA. Marry, mine host, because I cannot be merry. HOST. Come, we'll have you merry; I'll bring you where 
e thought of nothing but flight, but since then he must have bitterly regretted the impulse which caused him to drop his bird. Then, again, the introduction of his name 
rion to a satyr; so loving to my mother That he might not beteem the winds of heaven Visit her face too roughly. Heaven and ear
 his shop for years. So, although, as you say, there are many hundreds of statues in London, it is very probable that these three were the only ones in that dis
Richard kill'd him. From forth the kennel of thy womb hath crept A hell-hound that doth hunt us all to death. That dog, 
ause I knew the man, were slighted off. BRUTUS. You wrong'd yourself to write in such a case. CASSIUS. In such
us? CHAMBERLAIN. Heaven keep me from such counsel! 'Tis most true These news are everywhere; every tongue speaks 'em, An
inking; if the bottom were as deep as hell I should down. I had been drown'd but that the shore was shelvy and shallow-a death that I abhor; for the water
en; find me a meet hour to draw Don Pedro and the Count Claudio alone; tell them that you know that Hero loves me; intend a kind of zeal both to 
 exercise in trigonometry, it always took the shape of measuring heights. When I was a lad I worked out every tree and building in the estate.' "This was an unexpected piece of
 world's deceit; Nor more can you distinguish of a man Than of his outward show; which, God He knows, Seldom or never jumpeth with the heart. Those uncles which you want were dangerous; You
hese naughty times Puts bars between the owners and their rights; And so, though yours, not yours. Prove it so, Let fortune go to hell for it, not I. I speak 
nd like good men Bestride our downfall'n birthdom. Each new morn New widows howl, new orphans cry, new sorrows Strike heaven on the face, tha
icked a battle-axe, and then, leaving my candle behind me, I crept on tiptoe down the passage and peeped in at the open door. "'Brunton, the butler, was in the library. He was sitting, fu
a home of my own." "Come, come, we are not so far wrong, after all," said Holmes. "And now, Dr. James Mortimer--" "Mister, sir, Mister--a humble M.R.C.S." "And a man of prec
 just be in time for breakfast." THE ADVENTURE OF THE BLUE CARBUNCLE I had called upon my friend Sherlock Holmes upon the second morning after Christmas, with 
 of our ever-preserved love, and by what more dear a better proposer could charge you withal, be even and direct with me, whether you were sent for or n
 begun, All vows and consecrations giving place, O most potential love, vow, bond, nor space, In thee hath neither sting, knot, nor confine, For th
nless this document is recovered there will be war?" "I think it is very probable." "Then, sir, prepare for war." "That is a hard saying, 
ght to be king o'er her. Kent. O, then it mov'd her? Gent. Not to a rage. Patience and sorrow strove Who should express her goodliest. You have seen Sunshine and 
ke some obstruction in the blood, this cross-gartering; but what of that? If it please the eye of one, it is with me as the very true sonnet is: 'Please one and pl
net blood by direct descent, and Tudor on the distaff side. Ha! Well, there is nothing very instructive in all this. I think that I must turn to you Watson, for something more solid." "I h
ever, our conjectures were set at rest by a visit from Stapleton himself that very afternoon. He had come to offer apologies for his rudeness of the morning, and after a l
that he lived at Horsham, I doubt if ever he set foot in the town. He had a garden and two or three fields round his house, and there he would take his exercise, though very often for weeks on end
d Conrade, his companion. Con. What the goodyear, my lord! Why are you thus out of measure sad? John. There is no measu
rbearance till the speed of his rage goes slower; and, as I say, retire with me to my lodging, from whence I will fitly bring you to hear my lord speak. Pray ye, go! There's my key. If you do stir ab
furnish me to those Italian fields Where noble fellows strike. War is no strife To the dark house and the detested wife. PAROLLES. Will this capriccio hold in thee, art sure? BERTRAM. 
 your Highness leave the Parliament? KING HENRY. Ay, Margaret; my heart is drown'd with grief, Whose flood begins to flow within mine eyes; My body round engirt with misery- For what's more mise
 is not a stranger to the district. He has twice lodged at Tavistock in the summer. The opium was probably brought from London. The key, having served its purpose, would be hurled away. T
d service, who pass over the stage. Then enter Macbeth. MACBETH. If it were done when 'tis done, then 'twere wel
The Duke of York commends him to your Majesty. KING HENRY. Lives he, good uncle? Thrice within this hour I saw him down; thrice up again, and fighting; From helmet to
that the culprit had taken refuge there. The earth round the spike had been left on the table, and a second sample was loosened and fell in the bedroom. I may add that I walked o
They have taken to a boat here." Several small punts and skiffs were lying about in the water and on the edge of the wharf. We took Toby round to each in turn, but, though he sniffed
re is divinity in odd numbers, either in nativity, chance, or death. Away. QUICKLY. I'll provide you a chain, and I'll do what I can to get
uently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their children. This child's 
hat, a long frock-coat, and a pair of high gaiters, with a hunting-crop swinging in his hand. So tall was he that his h
aris for three months on end, but Mitton was left in charge of the Godolphin Street house. As to the housekeeper, she had heard nothi
No Achilles with him. ULYSSES. The elephant hath joints, but none for courtesy; his legs are legs for necessity, not for flexure. PATROCLUS. 
 the honour and his ease. And, Clarence, now then it is more than needful Forthwith that Edward be pronounc'd a traitor, And all his lands and goods confiscated. CLARENCE. What else? And that suc
 the results have, I fear, been negative. One thing only appears to be certain, and that is that Mr. James Desmond, who is the ne
RUTUS. Yet, countrymen, O, yet hold up your heads! CATO. What bastard doth not? Who will go with me? I will proclaim my name about the field. 
not be said! Forage, and run To meet displeasure farther from the doors And grapple with him ere he come so nigh. KING JOHN. The legate of the Pope hath been with me, And I have made a happy p
 little sallow rat-faced, dark-eyed fellow who was introduced to me as Mr. Lestrade, and who came three or four times in a single week. One morning a young girl called, fashionably dressed, and st
n. Enter Polonius. Pol. My lord, he's going to his mother's closet. Behind the arras I'll convey myself To hear the process. I'll warrant she'll tax him home; And, as 
 another can. Exeunt ROSALINE and KATHARINE COSTARD. By my troth, most pleasant! How both did fit it! MARIA. A mark marvellous well shot; for they both 
 so much as we: The Cardinal Pandulph is within at rest, Who half an hour since came from the Dauphin, And brings from him such offers of o
s contrast with the sordid and gloomy surroundings. A lovely violet growing upon one of those black slag-heaps of the mines would not have seemed more surprisi
 broke her heart over it. I took the marriage ring from her dead finger, and I vowed that his dying eyes should rest upon that very r
t. All studies here I solemnly defy Save how to gall and pinch this Bolingbroke; And that same sword-and-buckler Prince of Wales- But that I th
at I have done; Look on't again I dare not. LADY MACBETH. Infirm of purpose! Give me the daggers. The sleeping and the dead Are but as pictures; 'tis the e
e heard something of the kind." "Well, then, will you please compare that print with this wax impression of young McFarlane's right thumb, taken by my orders this morning?" As he held
r jurisdiction regal. What canst thou answer to my Majesty for giving up of Normandy unto Mounsieur Basimecu the Dauphin of France? Be it known unto thee by these
 abjure all roofs, and choose To wage against the enmity o' th' air, To be a comrade with the wolf and owl- Necessity's sharp pinch! Return with her? Why, the hot-blooded France, that dowerless 
, indeed, I know him very well. This has always been a respectable establishment, and the only time that we have ever had the police in it was ov
 the windows, so that even here in the heart of great, hand-made London we were forced to raise our minds for the instant from the routine of life and to recognise the presence of those g
Pedro colours are green and white, same as in the note, Mr. Holmes. Henderson he called himself, but I traced him back, Paris and Rome and Madrid to Barcelona, where his ship came i
rous be, And honour'd in their issue. [They sing] JUNO. Honour, riches, marriage-blessing, Long continuance, and increasing, Hourly joys be still upon you
oke to me erewhile? SILVIUS. Not very well; but I have met him oft; And he hath bought the cottage and the bounds That the old carlot once was m
her company. ERPINGHAM. The Lord in heaven bless thee, noble Harry! Exeunt all but the KING KING HENRY. God-a-mercy, ol
ng-chair. He has served the Colonel for five years as jockey and for seven as trainer, and has always shown himself to be a zealous and honest servant. Under him were three 
ur activity may defeat and quell The source of all erection. There's more gold. Do you damn others, and let this damn you, And ditches grave you all! PHRYNIA AND TIMANDRA. More counsel with m
d your father, Miss Morstan, refrained from throwing a strain upon his heart, he might have been alive now." I could have struck the man across the 
fer on the moor than anywhere else until the hue and cry was over, so he lay in hiding there. But every second night we made sure if he was still there
g, and quivering thigh, And the demesnes that there adjacent lie, That in thy likeness thou appear to us! Ben. An if he hear thee, thou wilt anger him. M
s labors could not save him from reaction after so terrible an exertion, and at a time when Europe was ringing with his name and when his room was literally ankle-deep with congratulatory telegrams
, of course, that precious housekeeper of his, whom I should lose no time in adding to your bag, Lestrade." "I'll take your advice. But how did you know of this place, Mr. Holmes?" "I made u
. Enter KING HENRY THE FIFTH, attended CHIEF JUSTICE. Good morrow, and God save your Majesty! KING. This new and gorgeous garment, majesty, Sits not so 
 be fun of words? QUEEN ELIZABETH. Windy attorneys to their client woes, Airy succeeders of intestate joys, Poor breathing orators of miseries, Let them have scope; though what th
ons]. Edg. Gone, sir, farewell.- And yet I know not how conceit may rob The treasury of life when life itself Yields to the theft. Had he been where h
tranger Pyramus than e'er played here! Exit FLUTE. Must I speak now? QUINCE. Ay, marry, must you; for you must underst
 him?" "You will leave that question in my hands. I should like an accurate description of him and any letters of his which you can spare." "I advertised for him i
d we oft might win By fearing to attempt. Go to Lord Angelo, And let him learn to know, when maidens sue, Men give like gods; but when they weep and kneel, All 
 are that our little problem will soon be solved. I have no doubt--" He stopped suddenly and stared fixedly up over my head into the air. The lamp beat upon his face, and so int
 one such, It's past the size of drearning. Nature wants stuff To vie strange forms with fancy; yet t' imagine An Antony were nature's piece 'gainst fancy, Condemning shadows quite. DOLABELLA
at Holmes took his revolver from his drawer and slipped it into his pocket. It was clear that he thought that our night's work might be a s
till awhile, till time do serve; Watch thou and wake, when others be asleep, To pry into the secrets of the state; Till Henry,
 thoroughly rely. Local aid is always either worthless or else biassed. If you will keep the two corner seats I shall get the tickets." We had the carriage to ourselves save for an immense litte
esent, doubting of the rest? Love is a babe, then might I not say so To give full growth to that which still doth grow. 116 Let me not to the marriage
 me that the tone of his greeting was not altogether a cordial one. "Well, Jack, you are very hot." "Yes, I was chasing a Cyclopides. He is very rare
racious is as mine, No shape so true, no truth of such account, And for my self mine own worth do define, As I all other in all worths su
ruct, the reader." "Why do you not write them yourself?" I said, with some bitterness. "I will, my dear Watson, I will. At present
. I'll have't disputed on; 'Tis probable, and palpable to thinking. I therefore apprehend and do attach thee For an abuser of the world, a practicer Of arts inhibited and o
d To Tell Our Advertisement Brings A Visitor Tobias Gregson Shows What He Can Do Light In The Darkness Part II On The Great Alkali P
 so late an hour, and the agitation that was caused by his coming." Cyril Overton pressed his hands to his head. "I can make nothing of it," said he. "Well, well
er. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. O, for my beads! I cross me for sinner. This is the fairy land. O spite of spites! We talk with goblins, owls, and sprites. If we obey them not, this will ensue: Th
n conclusion, she shall watch all night; And if she chance to nod I'll rail and brawl And with the clamour keep her still awake. This is a way to kill a wife with 
ntenanc'd by boys and beggary- I say, if damn'd commotion so appear'd In his true, native, and most proper shape, You, reverend father, and these nobl
orth to south, Austria and France shoot in each other's mouth. I'll stir them to it.-Come, away, away! CITIZEN. Hea
 it, so I brought it with me. It is here." Holmes unfolded the paper carefully and smoothed it out upon his knee. He then very methodically examined it all over 
set, Like stones of worth they thinly placed are, Or captain jewels in the carcanet. So is the time that keeps you as my chest Or as the wardrobe which the robe doth hide, To make some s
ERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIE
ner. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. O, for my beads! I cross me for sinner. This is the fairy land. O spite of spites! We talk with goblins, owls, and sprites. If we obey them not, this will 
You remember that a stonemason, named Slater, walking from Forest Row about one o'clock in the morning--two days before the murder--stopped as he passed
 PAGE, CAIUS, and SIR HUGH EVANS FORD. Pray you come near. If I suspect without cause, why then make sport at me, then let me 
s hearted; thine hath no less reason. Let us be conjunctive in our revenge against him. If thou canst cuckold him, thou dost thyself a pleasure, m
LLOW. Shall I prick him, Sir John? FALSTAFF. It were superfluous; for his apparel is built upon his back, and the whole frame stands upon pins. Prick 
free hours languish for Assured bondage?' IMOGEN. Will my lord say so? IACHIMO. Ay, madam, with his eyes in flood with laughter. It is a recreation to be b
es the King, To him will we prove loyal. Till that time Have we ramm'd up our gates against the world. KING JOHN. Doth not the crow
in and again he strove to break away, but I as often headed him off. I tell you, my friend, that if a detailed account of that s
rolic. Not a mouse Shall disturb this hallowed house. I am sent with broom before, To sweep the dust behind the d
will, my lord. [He whispers to the maskers] WOLSEY. What say they? CHAMBERLAIN. Such a one, they all confess, There is indeed; which they would have your Grace Fin
d Holmes. A man entered who could hardly have been less than six feet six inches in height, with the chest and limbs of a Hercules. His dress was rich with a richness which would, in England
pe." "As a matter of fact he could not," said Soames, "for I entered by the side door." "Ah, that's good! Well, anyhow, that was in his mind. Let me
ings have I felt, what dark days seen! What old December's bareness everywhere! And yet this time removed was summer's time, The teeming autumn big wit
ing loud music. A great banquet serv'd in; FLAVIUS and others attending; and then enter LORD TIMON, the states, the ATHENIAN LORDS, VENTIDIUS, which TIMON redeem'd from prison. Then com
-side, and was noted for the leniency of his sentences from the bench. "One evening, shortly after my arrival, we were sitting over a glass of port after
I'll make a voyage to the Holy Land, To wash this blood off from my guilty hand. March sadly after; grace my mournings here In weeping after this
 I've a secret here," he put his hand to his breast, "and it is just burning the life out of me. I wish it had come to any one of you but me. If I t
son, Who will of thy arrival be full joyous. VINCENTIO. But is this true; or is it else your pleasure, Like pleasant travellers, to break a jest Upon the company you overtake? HORTENSIO. I do ass
 make a pennyworth of difference to me or to my work." I was on the point of asking him what that work might be, but something in his manner showed me that 
, my lord, securely I espy Virtue with valour couched in thine eye. Order the trial, Marshal, and begin. MARSHAL. Harry of Hereford, Lancaster, and Derby, Receive thy lance; and God defend the
o our heart's great sorrow, Shall be my winding-sheet. Why faint you, lords? My title's good, and better far than his. WARWICK. Prove it, Henry, and thou shalt be King. KING HENRY
s a comparatively small one, and that it formed a link between two very much larger ones upon the right and left--both of them, however, in the grounds of my neighbours. These 
an had lived, and walked up an oak-lined avenue to the fine old Queen Anne house, which bears the date of Malplaquet upon the lintel of the do
ly, I can deduce nothing else." Mr. Jabez Wilson started up in his chair, with his forefinger upon the paper, but his eyes upon m
y, Mr. Holmes, why?" "Ah, that's the question, of course. But I commend the idea to your mind. You might possibly find that there was something in it. You won'
 and cheer the town; we'll forth, and fight, Do deeds worth praise and tell you them at night. PRIAM. Farewell. The gods with safety stand about thee! Exeunt severally PRIAM and HECTOR. Alar
hought of the Stapletons. They live miles from any help. There are one maid, an old manservant, the sister, and the brother, the latter no
Whereof you did complain; which, by mine honour, I will perform with a most Christian care. But for you, rebels- look to taste the due Meet for rebellion and
ome odd gimmers or device Their arms are set, like clocks, still to strike on; Else ne'er could they hold out so as they do. By my consent, we'll even let them alone. 
ieve to be most strait in virtue, That, in the working of your own affections, Had time coher'd with place, or place with wishing, Or that
ith a moustache and a pair of bushy whiskers, sunk that clear voice into an insinuating whisper, and doubly secure on account of the girl's short sight, he appears as Mr. Hosmer Angel, and keep
 who lives near me, was going down by that very train. The doctor most kindly took charge of me, and it was well he did so, for I had a fit in the station, and before we
only. It is that you ring for the footman and let me give such orders as I like." Without a word the Duke pressed the electric bell. A serva
s not a confident brow, nor the throng of words that come with such more than impudent sauciness from you, can thrust me from 
 me with patience but to speak a word. Cap. Hang thee, young baggage! disobedient wretch! I tell thee what- get thee to church a Thursda
, Out of thy honest truth, to play the woman. Let's dry our eyes; and thus far hear me, Cromwell, And when I am forgotten, as I shall be, And sleep in dull cold marble, where no m
o far! Beauty provoketh thieves sooner than gold. CELIA. I'll put myself in poor and mean attire, And with a kind of umber smirch my face; The like do you; so shall we pass along, And neve
re the special points upon which the whole mystery turns. On Tuesday evening I received telegrams from both Colonel Ross, the owner of the horse, and from Inspector Gregory, who is looking after th
No, I warrant you, he will not hear of godliness. MALVOLIO. Go, hang yourselves all! You are idle shallow things; I am not of your element; you shall know more hereafter. Exit SI
end in tears- Theirs for the earth's increase, mine for my sorrows? Now get thee hence: the King, thou know'st, is coming; If thou be found by me; thou art but dead. SUFFOLK. If I depart fr
in this kind. THESEUS. The kinder we, to give them thanks for nothing. Our sport shall be to take what they mistake; And what poor duty cannot do, noble respect Takes it in might, not merit. Where I 
 false uncle- Dost thou attend me? MIRANDA. Sir, most heedfully. PROSPERO. Being once perfected how to grant suits, How to deny them, who t' advance, and who To 
rmances are no kin together. IAGO. You charge me most unjustly. RODERIGO. With nought but truth. I have wasted myself out of my means. The jewels you have had fr
ve been a wiser man. "'Well, matters went from bad to worse with us, and this animal Hudson became more and more intrusive, until at la
me the distorted baboon-like countenance of the murdered man. So sinister was the impression which that face had produced upon me that I found it difficult to feel anything but gratitud
m. BRUTUS. Get you hence instantly, and tell those friends They have chose a consul that will from them take Their liberties, make them of no more v
. With him, we may. LORD BARDOLPH. Yea, marry, there's the point; But if without him we be thought too feeble, My judgment is we should not step too fa
e I was sure it must be. I'll make the whole matter clear to you presently. I think, Colonel, that you and Watson might return now, and I will be with you again
ve's due by life usurp'd, Brief abstract and record of tedious days, Rest thy unrest on England's lawful earth, [Sitting down] Unlawfully made drunk with innocent blood. QUEEN ELI
some impatience. Though I lose The praise of it by telling, you must know, When Caesar and your brother were at blows, Your mother came to Sicily and did find Her welcome friendly. ANTONY. I ha
og continued to lie stretched upon the cushion, breathing in a laboured way, but apparently neither the better nor the worse for its draught. Holmes had taken out his wat
s unkind daughters. Is it the fashion that discarded fathers Should have thus little mercy on their flesh? Judicious punishment! 'Twas this flesh begot Those pelican 
ptuous base-born callet as she is, She vaunted 'mongst her minions t' other day The very train of her worst wearing gown Was better worth than all my father's lands, Till Suffolk ga
s gentleman, our theme, deceas'd As he was born. The King he takes the babe To his protection, calls him Posthumus Leonatus, Breeds him and makes him of h
hich passeth show- These but the trappings and the suits of woe. King. 'Tis sweet and commendable in your nature, Hamlet, To give these mourning duties to your f
dally half an hour, his life, With thine, and all that offer to defend him, Stand in assured loss. Take up, take up! And fo
n the cap of him that makes him fine, Yet keeps his book uncross'd. No life to ours! GUIDERIUS. Out of your proof you speak. We, poor unfledg'd, Have never wing'd from 
, go; they say there is divinity in odd numbers, either in nativity, chance, or death. Away. QUICKLY. I'll provide you a chain, and I'll do what I can t
 in and let 'em win the work: the devil was amongst 'em, I think surely. PORTER. These are the youths that thunder at a playhouse and fight for bitten apples; that no audi
e." "Can I do anything? I am perfectly fresh now, and quite ready for another night's outing." "No, we can do nothing. We can only wait. If we go
t. As far as I could ken thy chalky cliffs, When from thy shore the tempest beat us back, I stood upon the hatches in the storm; And when the dusky sky began to rob My
s dreamily conscious that he was pouring forth interminable trains of symptoms, and imploring information as to the composition and action of innumerable quack nostrums, some of which he
wever"--he gently turned it towards the light--"which the typewriter does not generate. This lady is a musician." "Yes, Mr. Holmes, I teach music." "In the country, I presume, from 
nd moving my chair a little sideways, that my own shadow might not fall upon the page, he begged me to read aloud to him. I read for about ten minutes, begi
REL TYRREL. The tyrannous and bloody act is done, The most arch deed of piteous massacre That ever yet this land was guilty of. Dighton and Forrest, who I did suborn To do this pie
rer's horse's tail, In beastly sort, dragg'd through the shameful field. Frown on, you heavens, effect your rage with speed. Sit, gods, upon your thrones, and smile at Troy. I say at
in a few minutes of returning home. Obviously something had occurred during the morning, then, to cause her to change her mind. W
our bond; for I perceive A weak bond holds you; I'll not trust your word. LYSANDER. What, should I hurt her, strike her, kill 
have but a shadow's bliss. There be fools alive iwis Silver'd o'er, and so was this. Take what wife you will to bed, I will ever be your head. So be
 leg with his great, sun-burned hand. "I'll chance it," he cried. "I believe you are a man of your word, and a white man, and I'll tell you the whole story. But one thing I will say first. So fa
 thou hast broke it in such dear degree? CLARENCE. Alas! for whose sake did I that ill deed? For Edward, for my brother, for his sake. He sends you not to murder me for th
ay he went into the station. Only just as he was leaving he turned round and he said: 'It might interest you to know that you have been driving Mr. Sherlock Holmes.' That's how I com
rt Without control lusted to make a prey. Nay, for a need, thus far come near my person: Tell them, when that my mother went with child Of that insatiate Edward, noble Y
ich from the womb I did participate. Were you a woman, as the rest goes even, I should my tears let fall upon your cheek, And say 'Thrice welcome, drowned Viola!' VIOLA. My father had a mole upon his
at is another's lawful promis'd love. Exit SATURNINUS. No, Titus, no; the Emperor needs her not, Nor her, nor thee, nor any of thy stock. I'll trust by leisure hi
ish. Enter the DUKE OF FLORENCE, attended; two FRENCH LORDS, with a TROOP OF SOLDIERS DUKE. So that, from point to point, now have you hear The fundamental reasons of this war;
rawn in one of the papers which have been returned. Until the foreigners had invented that for themselves they could not make the boat. Of course they might soon get over the difficulty." "But
 has not detracted in the tiniest iota from your appearance. We shall now see how the electric-blue dress will become you. You will find it laid out upon t
ad and recreate yourselves. Here was a Caesar! When comes such another? FIRST CITIZEN. Never, never. Come, away, away! We'll burn his body in the ho
reescore and two years- a silly time To make prescription for a kingdom's worth. OXFORD. Why, Warwick, canst thou speak against thy liege, Who
what secret it might veil, I suddenly heard the sound of steps within the room and saw a shadow pass backward and forward against the little slit of dim light which shone out from u
any man, unless he is very full-blooded, breaks out in this way through emotion, so I hazarded the opinion that the criminal was probably a robust and ruddy-faced man. Events proved that I had
. Good Lord! you use this dalliance to excuse Your breach of promise to the Porpentine; I should have chid you for not bringing it, But, like a shrew, you first begin to b
m; he is not valiant. TRINCULO. Thou liest, most ignorant monster: I am in case to justle a constable. Why, thou debosh'd fish, thou
. Plague all, That your activity may defeat and quell The source of all erection. There's more gold. Do you damn others, and let this damn you, And ditches grave you all! PHRYNIA AND T
e maidenhead for 't; and so would you, For all this spice of your hypocrisy. You that have so fair parts of woman on you Have too a woman's heart, which ever yet Affected em
little life, I think she means to tangle my eyes too! No faith, proud mistress, hope not after it; 'Tis not your inky brows, your black silk hair, Your bugle 
f, Yet should both ear and heart obey my tongue. [To AEMILIUS] Go thou before to be our ambassador; Say that the Emperor requests a parley Of warlike Lucius, and appoint the m
hould I hold my peace? Enter HORNER, the Armourer, and his man PETER, guarded SUFFOLK. Because here is a man accus'd of treason: Pray God the Duke of York excuse himself! YORK. Doth any one accuse Y
pector MacDonald. "You met Mr. Douglas in a boarding house in London, did you not, and became engaged to him there? Was there any romance,
st thou not speak? O traitors! murderers! They that stabb'd Caesar shed no blood at all, Did not offend, nor were not worthy blame, If this foul deed were by to equal it. He was a ma
linging the shutters together, he bolted them securely. "You are afraid of something?" I asked. "Well, I am." "Of what?" "Of air-guns." "My dear Holmes, what do you mean?" "I think th
d fools, break off your conference. King John, this is the very sum of all: England and Ireland, Anjou, Touraine, Maine, In r
cannot light it at a lamp without getting the bowl charred. And it is all on the right side of the pipe. From that I gather that he is a left-handed man. You hold yo
us in my guess, As, I confess, it is my nature's plague To spy into abuses, and oft my jealousy Shapes faults that are not- that your wisdom yet, From one that so imperfectly conceits, W
d boys, like smiling Cupids, With divers-colour'd fans, whose wind did seem To glow the delicate cheeks which they did cool, And what they undid did. AGRIPPA. O, 
ke. NESTOR. Our noble general, do not do so. DIOMEDES. You must prepare to fight without Achilles. ULYSSES. Why 'tis this naming of him does him harm. Here is a man-but 'tis 
est. I do beseech your lordships That, in this case of justice, my accusers, Be what they will, may stand forth face to face And freely urge against me. SUFFOLK. Nay, my lord, That cannot be; you ar
on in Denmark? Ham. Ay, sir, but 'while the grass grows'- the proverb is something musty. Enter the Players with recorders. O, the recor
.'" "Then I say, 'Thank God,' too," she whispered, as I drew her to my side. Whoever had lost a treasure, I knew that night that I had gained one. CHAPTER XII The Strange Story 
ins, Macbeth and Banquo.? SERGEANT. Yes, As sparrows eagles, or the hare the lion. If I say sooth, I must report they were As cannons overcharged with double cracks, So they Doubly redoubled s
like a man at a mark, with a whole army shooting at me. She speaks poniards, and every word stabs. If her breath were as terrible as her terminations, there were no living near her; she would infec
pied him already with those sweet eyes. DEMETRIUS. And thus she moans, videlicet:- THISBY. Asleep, my love? What, dead, my dove? O Pyramus, arise, Speak, speak. Quite dumb? Dead, dead? A tomb Must c
e see not the wound it makes Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark To cry, "Hold, hold!" Enter Macbeth. Great Glamis! Worthy Cawdor! Greater than both, by the all-hail
own to Devonshire, whither they were soon followed by Sir Henry and you. One word now as to how I stood myself at that time. It may possibly recur to your memory that when I examined the pape
e and the creaking of an old house, I may possibly have been deceived." "Was your sister dressed?" "No, she was in her night-dress. In her right hand wa
e to Timon, Ask nothing, give it him, it foals me straight, And able horses. No porter at his gate, But rather one that smiles and still invites All that pass by. It canno
woman's crupper of velure, which hath two letters for her name fairly set down in studs, and here and there piec'd with pack-thread. BAPTISTA. Who comes with him? BION
lock that evening we were walking, the three of us, down Corporation Street to the company's offices. "It is no use our being at all before our time," said our client. "He only comes there to see me,
ns outside." He went alone, at his own request, for he explained that any unnecessary footmarks might make his task more difficult. For an hour or more he was 
he north country. The work to a man of my temperament was mechanical and uninteresting, but the privilege of living with youth, of helping to mould those young minds, and of impressing them with one'
ustified. Let us proceed." We crossed the marshy bottom and passed over a quarter of a mile of dry, hard turf. Again the ground sloped, and again we came on the track
>> ACT II. SCENE II. The park Enter the PRINCESS OF FRANCE, with three attending ladies, ROSALINE, MARIA, KATHARINE, BOYET, and two other LORDS BOYET. Now, madam, summon up your
LIEUTENANT. Be not so rash; take ransom, let him live. SUFFOLK. Look on my George, I am a gentleman: Rate me at what thou wilt, thou shalt be paid. 
ch exsufflicate and blown surmises, Matching thy inference. 'Tis not to make me jealous To say my wife is fair, feeds well, loves company, Is free of speech, sings, plays, and dances well; 
ght to know our ends are honest, You'd feel more comfort. Why should we, good lady, Upon what cause, wrong you? Alas, our places, The way of our profession is against it
 intrench'd, Wont, through a secret grate of iron bars In yonder tower, to overpeer the city, And thence discover how with most advantage They may vex us with shot or with assault. To intercept thi
scanty store of provisions began to run out. This gave the hunter little uneasiness, however, for there was game to be had among the mountains, and he had fr
arden and the stables of course have a separate staff. "'Of these servants the one who had been longest in our service was Brunton the butler. He was a young school-master out of place when he was 
they kiss the earth; Forswear themselves as often as they speak. Bohemia stops his ears, and threatens them With divers deaths in death. PERDITA. O my poor father! The heaven sets spies upon us, wil
 like an empress than Duke Humphrey's wife. Strangers in court do take her for the Queen. She bears a duke's revenues on her back, And in her heart she sco
t I may change my mind, Shall hate be fairer lodged than gentle love? Be as thy presence is gracious and kind, Or to thy self at least kind-hearted prove, Make thee another self for love 
xt morning. If Holmes would call about nine he could go down with Lestrade and see it acted upon. So ended the day, save that near midnight our friend, the sergeant, called to say that 
lie unto him. FIRST LORD. Peace, both, and hear me speak. CORIOLANUS. Cut me to pieces, Volsces; men and lads, Stain all your edges on me. 'Boy'! False hound! If you have writ your annals 
ock Holmes. "A fitting wind-up to an extremely interesting case. There is nothing at all new to me in the latter part of your narrative, except that you brought your own rope. Th
from you now. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Farewell till then. I will go lose myself, And wander up and down to view the city. FIRST MERCHANT. Sir, I commend you to your own content. <Exit FIRST
hour is of importance." "Can I do anything? I am perfectly fresh now, and quite ready for another night's outing." "No, we can do nothing. We can only wait. If we go ourselves,
 do you know?" "Because I recognised their sentinel when I glanced out of my window. He is a harmless enough fellow, Parker by name, a garroter by t
ng of a king And cracking the strong warrant of an oath, Mark'd with a blot, damn'd in the book of heaven. Nay, all of you that stand and look upon me Whilst that my wretchedne
 not born To be the pillage of a giglot wench.' So, rushing in the bowels of the French, He left me proudly, as unworthy fight. BURGUNDY. Doubtless he would have made a noble knight. See wh
ading article, is really one of the most remarkable things which I have ever known. How did you do it?" "I presume, Doctor, that you could tell the skull of a negro from that of an
hat you saw here but erewhile, That little cares for buying any thing. ROSALIND. I pray thee, if it stand with honesty, Buy thou the cottage, pasture, and the flock, And thou shalt have to p
lease you, she went to the circus last night along with--" "Is that her ring?" I asked. "The Lord be thanked!" cried the old woman; "Sally will be a glad woma
of his part! Re-enter the PRINCESS, ushered by BOYET; ROSALINE, MARIA, and KATHARINE BEROWNE. See where it comes! Behaviour, what wert thou Till this man show'd thee? And what a
 and he go to the war, The rites for which I love him are bereft me, And I a heavy interim shall support By his dear absence. Let me go with him. OTHELLO. Let her hav
conbridge Is now in England ransacking the Church, Offending charity; if but a dozen French Were there in arms, they would be as a can To train ten thousand English to their side; Or as a lit
such a thing passes my understanding, for it was only a plaster cast and of no real value whatever. "You can see for yourself that anyone going out through that open window could reach the fr
too long ago! I am old, my lords, And all the fellowship I hold now with him Is only my obedience. What can happen To me above this wretchedness? All your studies Make me a curse like this. CAM
te and profit of this land; That, by confessing them, the souls of men May deem that you are worthily depos'd. KING RICHARD. Must I do so? And must I ravel out My weav'd-
u been as I took you for, I made no offence; therefore, I beseech your Highness pardon me. KING HENRY. Here, uncle Exeter, fill this glove with crowns, And give it to this fellow. K
ll proceed Without suspicion. YORK. I will be his conduct. Exit BOLINGBROKE. Lords, you that here are under our arrest, Procure your sureties for your days of 
 yourselves when I tell you my story. Never mind warning me, Inspector: I'm ready to stand pat upon the truth. "I'm not going to begin at the beginning. That's all there," he indicated 
s, but it was that, standing over Hugo, and plucking at his throat, there stood a foul thing, a great, black beast, shaped like a hound, yet larger than any hound tha
may mar your fortunes. Cor. Good my lord, You have begot me, bred me, lov'd me; I Return those duties back as are right fit, Obey you, love you, and most honour you. Why hav
But why?" "I'd never hold my head up again if I felt that I had been driven out. Besides, what is there to be afraid of? Are we not free folks in a free 
 near us as doth hourly grow Out of his lunacies. Guil. We will ourselves provide. Most holy and religious fear it is To keep those many many bodies safe
her young before her face. Who scapes the lurking serpent's mortal sting? Not he that sets his foot upon her back, The smallest worm will turn, being trodden on, And doves will 
If you think that I am going to stand here and see you die without either helping you myself or bringing anyone else to help you, then you have mistaken your man." "You mean well,
CENTIO. While you, sweet dear, prove mistress of my heart. [They retire] HORTENSIO. Quick proceeders, marry! Now tell me, I pray, You that durst swear that your M
 already. MONTANO. Good faith, a little one; not past a pint, as I am a soldier. IAGO. Some wine, ho! [Sings.] "And let me the canakin clink, clink; An
 art's false borrowed face, Sweet beauty hath no name no holy bower, But is profaned, if not lives in disgrace. Therefore my mistress' eyes are raven black, Her eyes so suited, and they 
ll must come out. I am sure, Mr. Holmes, that we are very much indebted to you for having cleared the matter up. I wish I knew how you reach your results." "I reached this one,
uiries myself." Next morning we had a note from Miss Smith, recounting shortly and accurately the very incidents which I had seen, but the pith of the letter lay in the p
son. "Never was such a fellow for photography. Snapping away with a camera when he ought to be improving his mind, and then diving down into the cellar like a rabbit into its hole to de
able. Across the middle of it a single sentence had been formed by the expedient of pasting printed words upon it. It ran: As you value your life or your rea
h of peace, and he go to the war, The rites for which I love him are bereft me, And I a heavy interim shall support By his dear absence. Let me go with him. OTHELLO. Let her ha
, With thee and all thy best parts bound together, Weigh'd not a hair of his. Plague of your policy! You sent me deputy for Ireland; Far from his succour, from the King, from
the wedding ring, and afterwards put the nugget ring back again." "That is so!" The worthy country policeman shook his head. "Seems to me the sooner we get London on to this case the better," said 
 true. Consider! According to the story given to us, the assassin had less than a minute after the murder had been committed to take that ring, which was under another ring,
l!" said the secretary. Putting down his cigar he softly clapped his fat hands. "And all in four years, Baron. Not such a bad show for the hard-drinking, hard-riding coun
was dragged back into the room, and then commenced a terrific conflict. So powerful and so fierce was he, that the four of us were shaken off again and again. He appeared to have the conv
r'st. Enter PRIEST O, welcome, father! Father, I charge thee, by thy reverence, Here to unfold- though lately we intended To keep in darkness what occasion now Reveals before 'tis ripe- what thou
he attack may not have been entirely unexpected. We do seem to make a little progress, do we not? Perhaps you would rather do the questioning, Mr. Mac?" "No, Mr. Holmes, i
s in his death. Sword, hold thy temper; heart, be wrathful still: Priests pray for enemies, but princes kill. Exit Fight. Excursions. Enter KING, QUEEN, and others QUEEN. Awa
's hand, stol'n from her pocket, Containing her affection unto Benedick. Bene. A miracle! Here's our own hands against our hearts. Come, I will have thee; but, by this light, I take thee for pity.
nd the sorrow That, to pay grief, must of poor patience borrow. These sentences, to sugar or to gall, Being strong on both sides, are equivocal. But words are words; I
 "They shut at twelve on Saturdays." "Never mind. There may be some door-keeper or attendant--" "Ah yes, they keep a permanent guard there on account of the value of th
ou Bodymaster yet; for you've surely saved the lodge." And yet it was clear from his actions that he thought more seriously of this new intrusion than his words would show. It may have been his gu
ith rocks unscalable and roaring waters, With sands that will not bear your enemies' boats But suck them up to th' top-mast. A kind of conquest Caesar made here; but made no
 these letters at an instant? MRS. PAGE. Within a quarter of an hour. FORD. Pardon me, wife. Henceforth, do what thou wilt; I rather will suspect the sun with cold Than thee with wantonnes
ntion. Every effort has been made to keep the secret. The plans, which are exceedingly intricate, comprising some thirty separate patents, each essential to the working of the whole, are kept in an 
 extreme languor to devouring energy; and, as I knew well, he was never so truly formidable as when, for days on end, he had been lounging in his armchair amid his improvisations and his blac
auty lack, Slandering creation with a false esteem, Yet so they mourn becoming of their woe, That every tongue says beauty should look so. 128 How oft when thou, my music, music play'st, Upon tha
, then I see A very valiant rebel of the name. I am the Prince of Wales; and think not, Percy, To share with me in glory any more. Two stars keep not their motion in one sphere, Nor can one E
 and manner as he proceeded. "It was all very bad, no doubt," said he. "I should like to know how many fellows in my shoes would have refused a share of this loot when they knew that they w
erty of youth and maidhood May be abused? Have you not read, Roderigo, Of some such thing? RODERIGO. Yes, sir, I have indeed. BRABANTIO. Call up my brother. O, would you had had her! Some one 
 Hubert, for the wealth of all the world, Will not offend thee. ARTHUR. O heaven! I thank you, Hubert. HUBERT. Silence; no more. Go closely in with me. Much danger
 IAGO. And may. But, how? how satisfied, my lord? Would you, the supervisor, grossly gape on? Behold her topp'd? OTHELLO. Death and damnation! O! IAGO. It were a 
 Nature if they are to interpret Nature," he answered. "What's the matter? You're not looking quite yourself. This Brixton Road affair has upset you." "To tell th
 labour's recompense. ROSS. Your presence makes us rich, most noble lord. WILLOUGHBY. And far surmounts our labour to attain it. BOLINGBROKE. Evermore thanks, the ex
 lord, most villainously; believe it. PETER. Well, he in time may come to clear himself; But at this instant he is sick, my lord, Of a strange fever
 never injured them, and whom in many cases they had never seen in their lives. The crime committed, they quarrelled as to who had actually struck
 no, no, no. MENENIUS. If, by the tribunes' leave, and yours, good people, I may be heard, I would crave a word or two; The which shall turn you to no further harm Than so much loss of time. SI
 of the four, as he somewhat dramatically called it. Aided by this chart, the officers--or one of them--
 resume our conversation." But it was destined to be resumed long before that hour, and in circumstances which gave me a shock hardly second to that caused by his spring to the door. I had stood f
 that is his, An you give him for my sake but one loving kiss. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Come, to our pavilion. Boyet is dispos'd. BOYET. But to speak that in words which his 
 those who believe in those sacred writings, drawn in Egyptian letters on plates of beaten gold, which were handed unto the holy Joseph Smith at Palmyra. We have come from Nauvoo, 
 to thee. If thou answerest me not to the purpose, confess thyself- Other. Go to! Clown. What is he that builds str
 your heels! then, if your husband have stables enough, you'll see he shall lack no barnes. Marg. O illegitimate co
 your reputation thus, And spend your rich opinion for the name Of a night-brawler? Give me answer to it. MONTANO. Worthy Othello, I am h
ARIEL. Presently? PROSPERO. Ay, with a twink. ARIEL. Before you can say 'come' and 'go,' And breathe twice, and cry 'so, so,' Eac
Ferrier Talks With The Prophet Three weeks had passed since Jefferson Hope and his comrades had departed from Salt Lake City. John Ferrier's heart was 
HELLO. That handkerchief which I so loved and gave thee Thou gavest to Cassio. DESDEMONA. No, by my life and soul! Send for the man, and ask him. OTHELLO. Sweet soul, tak
I asked. "'I can give you it at once. It was sixty-four feet.' "'How do you come to know it?' I asked, i
LIVIA. Hast thou forgot thyself? Is it so long? Call forth the holy father. Exit an ATTENDANT DUKE. Come, away! OLIVIA. Whither, my lord? Cesario, husband, stay. 
MERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE.--Messina. ACT I. Scene I. An orchard before 
US. A friendly eye could never see such faults. BRUTUS. A flatterer's would not, though they do appear As huge as high Olympus. CASSIUS. Come, Antony, and young O
YRACUSE. I look'd for the chalky cliffs, but I could find no whiteness in them; but I guess it stood in her chin, by the salt rheum that ran between France and it. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE
a hurry it opens up the interesting question why he should be in a hurry, since any letter posted up to early morning would reach Sir Henry before he would leave his
alone. BOLINGBROKE. Withdraw yourselves, and leave us here alone. Exeunt PERCY and LORDS What is the matter with our cousin now? AUMERLE. For ever may my knees grow to the earth, [Kneels] My tong
e light fell upon a patched Dunlop tyre. Up above us was the lighted window. "I must have a peep through that, Watson. If you bend your back and
e. The torrent, swollen by the melting snow, plunges into a tremendous abyss, from which the spray rolls up like the smoke from a burning house. The shaft into 
ed out from his bundle a copy of the local Herefordshire paper, and having turned down the sheet he pointed out the paragraph in which the unfo
er was shown up, followed by the young baronet. The latter was a small, alert, dark-eyed man about thirty
ey are virtues and traitors too. In her they are the better for their simpleness; she derives her hon
formed no conclusion whatever," my companion answered. "But we formed ours yesterday, and now it proves to be correct; so you must acknowledge that we have been a littl
ghteen months ago, and we both feel as if it were eighteen years. She had only just arrived in London. Yes, it was her first voyage--she had never been from home be
ich way should they first break in? PUCELLE. Question, my lords, no further of the case, How or which way; '
ichmond; for the wronged souls Of butcher'd princes fight in thy behalf. King Henry's issue, Richmond, comforts thee. Enter the GHOST of HENRY THE SIXTH GHOST. [To RICHARD] When I was mortal, my
ing of her mother's statue, which is in the keeping of Paulina- a piece many years in doing and now newly pe
med to me that if there was to be any competition in the matter I stood as good a chance as any man that I had ever met. Vincent Spaulding seemed to know
ng the horse, gave it a sharp cut with the whip, and we flew back along the road. As we turned the curve the whole stre
or his sake, Did I expose myself, pure for his love, Into the danger of this adverse town; Drew to defend him when he was beset; Where being apprehended, his false cunning, Not meani
other, as I see thee now, Deck'd in thy rights, as thou art stall'd in mine! Long die thy happy days before thy death; And, after many length'ned hours of grief, Die neither mother, wife, nor Englan
other; who shall bar me from them? DUCHESS. I am their father's mother; I will see them. ANNE. Their aunt I am in law, in love their mother. Then bring me to their sights; I'
ould he leave any sign?" "Exactly. Why should he? Is the water always turbid?" "Generally about this colour. The stream
presages chastity, if nothing else. CHARMIAN. E'en as the o'erflowing Nilus presageth famine. IRAS. Go, you wild bedfellow, you canno
s will truly show, Of mouthed graves will give thee memory, Thou by thy dial's shady stealth mayst know, Time's thievish progress to eternity. Look what thy memory cannot con
uld be compelled to place his very face against the glass before he could be seen. There is a three-foot flower-b
use there are many ciphers which I would read as easily as I do the apocrypha of the agony column: such crude devices amuse the intelligence 
' "What is the meaning of it, Watson?" said Holmes solemnly as he laid down the paper. "What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear? It m
o Hamlet. Ophelia, daughter to Polonius. Ghost of Hamlet's Father. Lords, ladies, Officers, Soldiers, Sailors, Messengers, Atte
. Lear. What, fifty of my followers at a clap? Within a fortnight? Alb. What's the matter, sir? Lear. I'll 
r dispositions, if You had not show'd them how ye were dispos'd, Ere they lack'd power to cross you. CORIOLANUS. Let them hang. 
e shall follow with a fresh supply. Yet, ere thou go, but answer me one doubt: What pledge have we of thy firm loyalty? WARWICK. This shall assure my con
, shall testify thou livest; The roses in thy lips and cheeks shall fade To paly ashes, thy eyes' windows fall Like death when 
e sing, and let me woo no more. Balth. Because you talk of wooing, I will sing, Since many a wooer doth commence h
m that afternoon so enwrapped in the music at St. James's Hall I felt that an evil time might be coming upon those whom he had set himself to hunt down.
e thee, Malvolio? SIR TOBY. Marry, hang thee, brock! MALVOLIO. [Reads] 'I may command where I adore; But silence, like a Lucrece knife, With bloodless stroke my heart doth gore; M. O. A. I. 
f these quarter'd slaves, as high As I could pick my lance. MENENIUS. Nay, these are almost thoroughly persuaded; For though abundantly they lack discretion, Yet are they passing cowardly. But
e would not have me. He said, 'Let us get her married first, and after a week or two she may see things a bit different.' I said I would have nothing to do with violence. So he went off cursing, like
!" "Oh, it's Jack, is it?" said Baldwin with an oath. "You've come to that already, have you?" "Oh, Ted, be reasonable--be kind! For my sake, Ted, if ever you loved me, be big-hearted and
s, and to give those final details which the curious might expect. Each case has been the prelude to another, and the crisis once over the actors have passed for ever out of our busy lives. 
d, sir, but a knave should have some countenance at his friend's request. An honest man, sir, is able to speak for himself,
e, with our heads advanced, and our chins upon our hands, while the strange, jerky little fellow, with 
rave you were! But it is no use, you must fly! To-night--Jack--to-night! It's your only hope. He will have your life. I read it in his 
Then there were two cousins laid up, when the one should be lam'd with reasons and the other mad without a
ather's wit my mother's tongue assist me! ARMADO. Sweet invocation of a child; most pretty, and pathetical! MOTH. If she be made of white and red, Her faults will 
aw that a prosecution must be avoided to avert scandal, and I knew that so astute a villain would see that our hands were tied in the ma
BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRI
ge in their very gesture; they look'd as they had heard of a world ransom'd, or one destroyed. A notable passion of wonder appeared in them;
my sword had not impressure made Of our rank feud; but the just gods gainsay That any drop thou borrow'dst from thy mother, My sacred aunt, should by my mortal sword Be drained
at. DUKE. This very night; for Love is like a child, That longs for everything that he can come by. VALENTINE. By seven o'clock I'll get you such a ladder. DUKE.
em? How could one man compel another to take poison? Where did the blood come from? What was the object of the murderer, since robbery had no part in it? How came the woman's ring there? Above a
RCIUS. Thy friend no less Than those she placeth highest! So farewell. LARTIUS. Thou worthiest Marcius! Exit MARCIUS Go sound thy trumpet in the market
r at the least so prove it, That the probation bear no hinge nor loop To hang a doubt on; or woe upon thy life! IAGO. My noble lord- OTHELLO. If thou dost slander her and tortu
 be said," she whispered, with her cheek against his broad breast. "Thank God!" he said, hoarsely, stooping and kissi
n in our loves And sway our great designs! CAESAR. There is my hand. A sister I bequeath you, whom no brother Did ever love so dearly. Let her live To join our kingdoms and
hat I must; For which I must not plead, but that I am At war 'twixt will and will not. ANGELO. Well; the matter? ISABELLA. I have a brother i
Mr. Wilson?" "Well, it is just as I have been telling you, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," said Jabez Wilson, mopping his forehead; "I ha
him about it," said he. "Two or three times I have heard his steps in the passage, coming and going, just about the hour you name." "Perhaps then he pays a visit every night to tha
wn, every mother's son, and rehearse your parts. Pyramus, you begin; when you have spoken your speech, enter into that brake; and so every one according to his cue. Enter 
 So proud that Bolingbroke was on his back! That jade hath eat bread from my royal hand; This hand hath made him proud with clapping him. Would 
t's so." "A fine room, is it not?" "Very fine--very handsome indeed, Mr. Holmes." "You sat in front of his writing desk?" "Just so." "Su
Ah, that is another matter. I fancy that in the future we have our own very definite plans about England, and that 
 it that one could not for the moment tell whether it was that of a man or a woman. One towel passed round the
ugh their eyes, And laugh like parrots at a bag-piper; And other of such vinegar aspect That they'll not show their teeth in way of sm
ook thou stay not till the watch be set, For then thou canst not pass to Mantua, Where thou shalt live till we can find a time To blaze your marriage, reconcile your friends, Beg pardon of the P
bed, half sitting, half kneeling, his face buried in the clothes, was a young man, whose frame was racked by hi
ure, thin and lithe, with the legs of a stoat, a long, thin nose, and a pair of the finest red eyes that ever I s
ger. 'Tis so; This paper has undone me. 'Tis th' account Of all that world of wealth I have drawn together For mine own ends; indeed to gain the popedom, And fee
ived upon the previous night. Were it not for the ugly wound upon my hand, all that had passed during those dreadful hours might have been an 
e because she knows them innocent. TITUS. If they did kill thy husband, then be joyful, Because the law hath ta'en revenge on them. N
 You and I and--yes, why, Dr. Watson is the very man. Your correspondent says two friends. He and I have worked together before." "But would he com
have been had I been here before they came like a herd of buffalo and wallowed all over it. Here is where the party with the lodge-keeper came, and they have covered all tracks
pace faster and faster, till he sink into his grave. Leon. Cousin, you apprehend passing shrewdly. Beat. I have a good eye, uncle; I can see a church by
from his pocket and gazed some time at the shore. "I see my sentry at his post," he remarked, "but no sign of a handkerchief." "Suppose we go down-stream a short way and lie in wait for the
oses of all their hearts, Both for myself and them- but, chief of all, Your safety, for the which myself
 The power of Caesar, and His power unto Octavia. ANTONY. May I never To this good purpose, that so fairly shows, Dream of impediment! Let me have thy hand. Further this act of grace;
This shall be done, good father, presently. But Barnardine must die this afternoon; And how shall we continue Claudio, To save me from the danger that might come If he were known alive?
y me to my bed, then to my grave. Love they to live that love and honour have. Exit, borne out by his attendants KING RICHARD. And let them di
. It was now daylight, but the household was not yet stirring. You drew some of the gravel from your pocket, and you threw it up at the window above you." 
ench windows open. One side of the window was open, which I understand was quite usual in the summer-time, and he passed without difficulty into the room
 you would walk off I would prick your guts a little, in good terms, as I may, and thaes the humour of it. PISTOL. O braggart vile and damned furious wight! The grave doth gape and doting
r up. Ham. What, look'd he frowningly. Hor. A countenance more in sorrow than in anger. Ham. Pale or red? Hor. Nay, very pale. Ham. 
tercession likewise steads my foe. Friar. Be plain, good son, and homely in thy drift Riddling confession f
an that it disappeared before you went for help?' "'Yes, it was gone.' "'You cannot say what it was?' "'No, I had a feeling something was there.' "'How far from the body?' "'A dozen ya
. I'll not endure it. His knights grow riotous, and himself upbraids us On every trifle. When he returns from hunting, I will not speak with him. Say I am sick. If you come slack o
xed on his head. Anon his Thisby must be answered, And forth my mimic comes. When they him spy, As wild geese that the creeping fowler eye, Or russet-p
" "Exactly! exactly!" said Holmes. "The secretary came back and told his employer of the woman he ha
 long black cigar projecting at an angle from his mouth. He wore a semi-military smoking jacket, claret-coloured, with a black velvet collar. In his hand he held a long legal do
e the cause in justice' equal scales, Whose beam stands sure, whose rightful cause prevails. Flourish. Exeunt SCENE II. Lond
, and eat no more. JAQUES. Why, I have eat none yet. ORLANDO. Nor shalt not, till necessity be serv'd
. Now he is off once more! AT--why he is repeating it for the third time. ATTENTA three times! How often will he repeat it? No, that seems to be the finish. He has withdrawn form the window. Wha
. The light is a signal to him that food is ready for him, and his light out yonder is to show the spot to which to b
 From that supernal judge that stirs good thoughts In any breast of strong authority To look into the blots and stains of right. That judge hath made me guardian to this boy, Under whose warr
think that we may safely say," returned Holmes, "that she is wherever Sir George Burnwell is. It is equally certain, too, that whatever her sins are, they will soon receive a 
don't think I could have done it in cold blood. It was a hundred times more difficult than getting up. But I had no time to think of the danger, for another stone sang past me as I hung by my h
ut of this place. WINCHESTER. Do what thou dar'st; I beard thee to thy face. GLOUCESTER. What! am I dar'd and bearded to my face? Draw, men, for all this privileg
y. It would be a very great help to me if you would come up to London with us." "At once?" "Well, as soon as you conv
 Well, sir, here is for your pains. What said she? SPEED. Truly, sir, I think you'll hardly win her. PROTEUS. Why, couldst thou perceive so m
annot, sir; he's out at elbow. ANGELO. What are you, sir? ELBOW. He, sir? A tapster, sir; parcel-bawd; one that serves a bad woman; whose house, sir, was, as they say
ANIEL. Sir, you have done this in the fear of God, very religiously; and, as a certain father saith- HOLOFERNES. Sir, tell
er one could, of course, dismiss. He could examine the papers in his own office. The Indian I also thought nothing of. If the proofs wer
ich he was brooding. There was but one problem before the public which could challenge his powers of analysis, and that was the singular disappearance of the favorite for the Wessex Cup, and 
e comes the good Macduff. How goes the world, sir, now? MACDUFF. Why, see you not? ROSS. Is't known who did this mor
scurrility. HOLOFERNES. I Will something affect the letter, for it argues facility. The preyful Princess pierc'd and prick'd a pre
 within the shadow of your power, Have wander'd with our travers'd arms, and breath'd Our sufferance vainly. Now the time is flush, When crouching marrow, in the beare
LE. To horse, you gallant Princes! straight to horse! Do but behold yon poor and starved band, And your fair show shall s
s I conceive by him. PETRUCHIO. Conceives by me! How likes Hortensio that? HORTENSIO. My widow says 
t curs'd the gentle gusts, And he that loos'd them forth their brazen caves; And bid them blow towards England's blessed shore, Or turn our stern upon a dreadful rock? Yet Aeolus would n
 Didst thou not hear me swear I would not do it? QUEEN MARGARET. Ay, but thou usest to forswear thyse
se, My good and gracious Lord of Canterbury. Come, you and I must walk a turn together; I have news to tell you; come, come, me your hand. Ah, my good lord, I grieve at what I speak,
 noble Edmund. I know you are of her bosom. Osw. I, madam? Reg. I speak in understanding. Y'are! I know't. Therefore I do advise you take this note. My lord is dead; Edmund an
? If I could temporize with my affections Or brew it to a weak and colder palate, The like allayment could I give my grief. My love admits no qualifying dross;
ind in myself no pity to myself? Methought the souls of all that I had murder'd Came to my tent, and every one did threat To-morrow's vengeance on the head of Richard. Enter RATCL
ntance strangle and look strange: Be absent from thy walks and in my tongue, Thy sweet beloved name no more shall dwell, Lest I (too much profane) should do it wronk: And
nal to the fight. Alarum, retreat, excursions. Exeunt SCENE V. Another part of the field Flourish. Enter KING 
across the roadway. We heard a loud knock, a deep voice below, and heavy steps ascending the stair. "For Mr. Sherlock Holmes," he said, stepping into the room and han
o not change all their habits and exchange willingly the charming climate of Florida for the lonely life of an Engli
ll spread in front of them and the candles burned down to their sockets. The sister lay back stone-dead in her chair, while the
rk? Call him back again. SERVANT. Sir John Falstaff! FALSTAFF. Boy, tell him I am deaf. PAGE. You must speak louder; my master is deaf. CHIEF JUSTICE. I am sure he is, to
love To your proceeding bids me tell you this, And reason to my love is liable. CAESAR. How foolish do your fears seem now, Calpurnia! I am ashamed I did yield to them
d glass, the oak panelling, the stags' heads, the coats-of-arms upon the walls, all dim and sombre in the subdued ligh
 but it is not so. DUKE. It is no other. Show your wisdom, daughter, in your close patience, ISABELLA. O, I will to him and pluck out his eyes! DU
I think Hector was not so clean-timber'd. LONGAVILLE. His leg is too big for Hector's. DUMAIN. More calf, certain. BOYET. No; h
th, Mr. Morris, and if you think well to say anything to me I am here to hear it." "And to take it back to Boss McGinty!" said Morris bitterly. "Indeed, then, you do 
way the fool, gentlemen. OLIVIA. What think you of this fool, Malvolio? Doth he not mend? MALVOLIO. Yes, and shall do, till the pangs of death shake him. Infirmity, that decays the wise,
yet all shall be forgot, But he'll remember, with advantages, What feats he did that day. Then shall our names, Familiar in his mouth as household words- Harry the King, Bedford and Exeter, Warwick 
 now in some slight measure it will pay, If for his tender here I make some stay. [Lies down] OBERON. What hast thou done? Thou hast mistaken quite, And laid the
intance strangle and look strange: Be absent from thy walks and in my tongue, Thy sweet beloved name no more shall dwell, Lest I (too much profane) should do it wronk: And haply of our old 
lf into their companies. I have a way to will their loves again; Bring them before me. BASTARD. I Will seek them out.
 making up my mind to leave the hotel, and to take up my quarters in some less pretentious and less expensive domicile. On the very day that I had come to this conclus
he case which deserved mention was the curious analytical reasoning from effects to causes by which I succeeded in unraveling it." I was a
arriage. They are in the very wrath of love, and they will together. Clubs cannot part them. ORLANDO. They shall be married to-morrow; and I will bid
s look at the matter clearly and fairly. I suppose that you will admit that the action is morally justifiable, though
, had he been alone, would have been right glad to have turned his horse's head. Riding slowly in this fashion they c
 remember the case, Gregson?" "No, sir." "Read it up--you really should. There is nothing new under the sun. It has all been done before." As he spoke
 his suit was granted Ere it was ask'd-but when the way was made, And pav'd with gold, the Emperor thus desir'd, That he would please to alter the King's course, And break the foresaid peace. Let 
of them. IAGO. O murtherous slave! O villain! Stabs Roderigo. RODERIGO. O damn'd Iago! O inhuman dog! IAGO. Kill men i' the dark! Where be these bloody thieves? How silent is this tow
D. What, John! Robert! John! Exit ROBIN Re-enter SERVANTS Go, take up these clothes here, quickly; where's the cowl-staff? Look how you drumble. Carry them to the laundress in Datchet Mead; 
 tonight at my house, where I will desire thee to laugh at my wife, that now laughs at thee. Tell her Master Slender hath married her daughter. MRS. PAGE. [Aside] Doctors doub
and down like a peacock-a stride and a stand; ruminaies like an hostess that hath no arithmetic but her brain to set down her reckoning, bites his lip with a politic regar
ted lily shall she pass To th' ground, and all the world shall mourn her. KING. O Lord Archbishop, Thou hast made me now a man; never before This happy child 
earts in their bellies no bigger than pins' heads, and they have bought out their services; and now my whole charge consists of
life, so you can put that in your pipe and smoke it, Mr. Busybody Holmes!" "What he says is true," said Carruthers. "Well, well, two of you came over. His reverence is our own home-mad
re is he? Edm. Look, sir, I bleed. Glou. Where is the villain, Edmund? Edm. Fled this way, sir. When by no means he could- Glou. Pursue him, ho! Go after. 
hter come into grace! Some say he shall be ston'd; but that death is too soft for him, say I. Draw our throne into a sheep-cote!- all deaths are too few, the sharpest too easy. CL
 neighbor, and gladder still when, in the dead of the night, I heard a whisper close to my ear, and found that he had managed
idable as that with which we had started. "I confess that so far, Watson, I had been disappointed in my
ost breathe that pour'st into my verse, Thine own sweet argument, too excellent, For every vulgar paper to rehearse? O give thy self the thanks 
ove thee. Beat. Why then, God forgive me! Bene. What offence, sweet Beatrice? Beat. You have stayed me in a ha
ell, boy? Fool. She'll taste as like this as a crab does to a crab. Thou canst tell why one's nose stands i' th' middle on's face? Lear. No. Fool. Why, to keep one's eyes of either side'
r me, Mr. Holmes; why, you are even a quicker smoker than I am myself." Holmes smiled. "I am a connoisseur," said he, taking
that this about covers the points. He was a man about five foot nine in height, fifty or so years of age, his hair slightly grizzled, a gray
ssed, his bright eyes the brighter for the dark shadows round them. The carpet round his chair was littered with cigarette-ends and with the early editions of th
ere was a cloud upon the men's spirits, and many there for the first time began to see the cloud of avenging Law driftin
ANS. Nay, it is petter yet. Give her this letter; for it is a oman that altogether's acquaintance with Mistress Anne Page; and the letter is to desire and require her to so
 like one of these fellows that, when he enters the confines of a tavern, claps me his sword upon the table and says 'God send me no need of thee!' an
x weeks I shall be married, with the control of my own income, and then at least you shall not find me ungrateful."
turer, by small and small To lengthen out the worst that must be spoken: Your uncle York is join'd with Bolingbroke; And all your northern castles yielded up
ssure you that two thousand pounds would be a drain upon her resources, and that the sum you name is utter
nd raised the lid. Deep down in the recesses of the coffin lay an emaciated figure. The glare from the lights above beat down upon an aged and withered 
ness with their fear That arrows fled not swifter toward their aim Than did our soldiers, aiming at their safety, Fly from the field. Then was that n
l. Remain thou still in darkness: thou shalt hold th' opinion of Pythagoras ere I will allow of thy wits; and fear to kill a woodcock, lest thou dispossess
be reviv'd and breath'd in me? The King that lov'd him, as the state stood then, Was force perforce compell'd to banish him, And then that Henry Bolingbroke and he, Being mounted and both roused in
t downward, his shoulders bowed, his lips compressed, and the veins stood out like whipcord in his long, sinewy 
the crowds were already thick at the side-entrances. In front a continuous stream of hansoms and four-wheelers were rattling up, discha
pinion yet thou seest not well. SIMPCOX. Yes, master, clear as day, I thank God and Saint Alban. GLOUCESTER. Say'st thou me so? What colour is this cloak
 point; but somehow it turned off before we got there." "But you have found out something for yourself?" "A good deal, Mr. Holmes. I have several fresh dancing men pictures fo
 art king. Prince. I care not. Poins. Sir John, I prithee, leave the Prince and me alone. I will lay him down such reasons fo
Manchester Street, and so to Blandford Street. Here he turned swiftly down a narrow passage, passed through a wooden gate into a deserted yard, and then opened with a key the back door of a house
 clamorous groans which strike upon my heart, Which is the bell. So sighs, and tears, and groans, Show minutes, times, and hours; but my time Runs posting on in Bolingbroke's proud joy, Whi
 your love letters! Exit LAUNCE. Now will he be swing'd for reading my letter. An unmannerly slave that will thrust himself into secrets! I'll after, to rejoice in the boy'
emeditated murder for some private reason. Very good. Here is a man who slips into a house with the deliberate intention of committing murder. He knows, if
n my life; never loved Cassio But with such general warranty of heaven As I might love. I never gave him token. OTHELLO.
 these and other matters, please mail to: Project Gutenberg P. O. Box 2782 Champaign, IL 61825 When all other email fails try our Michael S. Hart, 
there came the pattering of many steps in the hall and on the stairs, accompanied by audible expressions of disgust upon the part of our l
 the child who had clung to her hand. Evil indeed is the man who has not one woman to mourn him. "I'
ce the men would carry coals. They would have me as familiar with men's pockets as their gloves or their handkerchers; which makes much aga
rimpen Mire, and a mystery was left which puzzled the authorities, alarmed the country-side, and finally brought the case within the scope of our observation. "So much for the death of
at's-tongue, you bull's sizzle, you stockfish- O for breath to utter what is like thee!- you tailor's yard, you sheath, you bowcase, you vile standing tuck! Princ
 clothes were there the body would not be far off." "By the same brilliant reasoning, every man's body is to be found in the neighbourhood of his wardrobe. And pray what did you ho
right in what he said and that it was really best for our purpose that I should not have known that he was upon the moor. "That's better," said he, seeing th
orse, within thy nasty mouth! I do retort the 'solus' in thy bowels; For I can take, and Pistol's cock is u
art off into the darkness, when one of the miners accosted him. "By Gar, mate! you know how to speak to the cops," he said in a voice o
 roared into the lake behind us. In an instant Holmes had raced up on to the ridge, and, standing upon a lofty pinnacle, craned his neck in every direction. It was in va
love with a French brawl? ARMADO. How meanest thou? Brawling in French? MOTH. No, my complete master; but
hen you are quite restored-- "I am quite well again. I cannot imagine how I came to be so weak. I wish you, Mr. Holmes, to come to Mackleton with m
and you may speak as small as you will. BOTTOM. An I may hide my face, let me play Thisby too. I'll speak in a monstrous little voice
 enemies as these appear to be without knowing of it. I hold it, therefore, to be certain that he does know who these men are, and that for reasons of his 
p the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. It was a fine, thick piece of wood, bulbous-headed, of the sort which is known as a "Pena
et he showed again and again, as he had shown in the railway carriage, a capacity for sudden, fierce anger, which compelled the respect and even the fear of those who met him. Fo
 the outline of the edge of his small foot here at the side of this evil-smelling mess. The carboy has been cracked, You see, and the stuff has leaked ou
ll tell thee thou dost evil. Lear. Hear me, recreant! On thine allegiance, hear me! Since thou hast sought to make us break our vow- Which we durst never yet- and with st
d, like a fearful lad, With tearful eyes add water to the sea And give more strength to that which hath too m
the accoutrement, complement, and ceremony of it. But are you sure of your husband now? MRS. FORD. He's a-birding, sweet Sir John. MRS. PAGE. [Within] What hoa, gossip Fo
lessing upon your vows; and in your bed Find fairer fortune, if you ever wed! LAFEU. These boys are boys of ice; they'll none have her. Sure, 
to us either from Wiggins or from the other agencies. There were articles in most of the papers upon the Norwood tragedy. They all appeared t
hee out. [Trumpets sound] The King's coming; I know by his trumpets. Sirrah, inquire further after me; I had talk of you last night. Tho
 canst, Unto Antonio's house. Away, make haste. Exit GRATIANO Come, you and I will thither presently; And in the morning early will we both Fly toward Belmont. Come, Antoni
ere pitying. CHAMBERLAIN. It was a gentle business and becoming The action of good women; there is hope All will be well. ANNE. Now, I pray God, amen! CHAMBE
t. SOMERSET. York set him on; York should have sent him aid. LUCY. And York as fast upon your Grace exclaims, Swearing that you withhold his levied host, Collected for
droom window and to the sitting-room lamp. Each is suggestive, and together they are almost conclusive. If the police would desire further information I shall be happy to see any 
put him on a chain I'll be ready to swear you are the greatest detective of all time." "I think I will muzzle him and chain him all right if you will give me your help." "Whatever yo
ok, I draw a sword against conspirators; When think you that the sword goes up again? Never, till Caesar's three and thirty wounds Be w
the belly of their steeds, That stain'd their fetlocks in his smoking blood, The noble gentleman gave up th
a great deal which was unreasoning and fanatical in the hatred which he bore my heir. In his view he should himself have been heir of all my estates, and he deeply resented those social 
o drink with you, but I cannot tarry dinner. I am glad to see you, by my troth, Master Shallow. SHALLOW. O, Sir John, do you remember since we lay all night in the windmill in Saint George's
hed and containing nothing of interest. A second was a bedroom, which also drew blank. The remaining room appeared more promising, and my companion settled down to a systematic
dem, Enchas'd with all the honours of the world? If so, gaze on, and grovel on thy face Until thy head be circled with the same. Put forth thy hand, reach at the g
 Eleanor! Art thou not second woman in the realm, And the Protector's wife, belov'd of him? Hast thou 
n his girdle. Bene. Shall I speak a word in your ear? Claud. God bless me from a challenge! Bene. [aside to Claudio] You are a villain. I jest not; I
d marry sweet Bianca with consent. LUCENTIO. Were it not that my fellow schoolmaster Doth watch Bianca's steps so narrowly, 'Twere good, methinks, to steal our m
struck on the shoulder by a Jezail bullet, which shattered the bone and grazed the subclavian artery. I should have fallen into the hands of the murderous Ghazis had it not been for the devotion a
eir own! What then? how then? What shall I say? Where's satisfaction? It is impossible you should see this Were they as prime as goats, a
 of affection would deliver me from the reprobate thought of it, I would take Desire prisoner, and ransom him to any French courtier fo
, That mettle, that self mould, that fashion'd thee, Made him a man; and though thou livest and breathest, 
g of it! If he were acting through a human agent we could get some evidence, but if we were to drag this great dog to the light of day it would not help us in putting a rope roun
d] I will knog your urinals about your knave's cogscomb for missing your meetings and appointments. CAIUS. Diabl
he swears. 'Tis true- nay, keep the ring, 'tis true. I am sure She would not lose it. Her attendants are All sworn and honourable- they induc'd to steal it! And by a stranger! No, he hath enjoy'd h
 in words only, but in woes also: and yet there is a virtuous man whom I have often noted in thy company, but I know not his name. Prince. What manner of man, an it like your 
 Alarum. Enter AENEAS AENEAS. How now, Prince Troilus! Wherefore not afield? TROILUS. Because not th
s that?" asked Holmes, suddenly. We all stood still and listened. A low moaning sound was coming from somewhere over our heads. Holmes rushed to the door and out into the hall. The dismal 
hat's rather a broad idea," I remarked. "One's ideas must be as broad as Nature if they are to interpret Nature," he answered. "What's the matter? You're not looking quite yourself. T
ree-foot brick wall with a fringe of wood rails upon the top, and against this wall was leaning a stalwart police constable, surroun
the methods by which he had traced the various windings of this complex case, and, though I could not yet perceive the goal which we would reach, I 
r. What weapon would he choose? You would say the most silent in the world. Then he could hope when the deed was done to slip quickly f
ve of jealousy would pass over him, and he would be off the handle and saying the wildest things in a moment. More than once I've sworn off coming for t
nd of war's uncertain; but this certain, That, if thou conquer Rome, the benefit Which thou shalt thereby reap is such a name Whose repetition will be dogg'd with curses
or, and strolled down the street in an easy, lounging way. I saw the cab pull up. The driver jumped down, and I saw him o
36, Poultney Square, Brixton. I drove past, left my cab at the corner of the square, and watched the house.
t, the triggers were wired together so that, if you pulled on the hinder one, both barrels were discharged. Whoev
eat; though not with bag and baggage, yet with scrip and scrippage. Exeunt CORIN and TOUCHSTONE CELIA. Didst thou hear these verses? ROSALIND. O, yes, I heard them all, and 
g foot to foot. ANTONY. Well, well- away. Exeunt ANTONY, CLEOPATRA, and ENOBARBUS SOLDIER. By Hercules, I think I am 
 me And told me Hubert should put out mine eyes, I would not have believ'd him-no tongue but Hubert's. HUBERT. [Stamps] Co
ther; I do fear colourable colours. But to return to the verses: did they please you, Sir Nathaniel? NATHANIEL. Marvellous well for the pen. HOLOFERNES. I do
 before waiting for me? No, he had not. Was there a police-station anywhere near? There was one about three miles off. "It was too far for me to go, weak and ill as I was. I determi
 man hanged. If it wasn't for this gentleman here, I am not sure that you would not have succeeded." The wretched creature began to whimper. "I am sure, sir, it was only m
l serve another master. I look on you As one that takes his leave. Mine honest friends, I turn you not away; but, like a master Married to yo
ction which was of the greatest importance in clearing up the case. All these I may sketch out at some future date, but none of them
strums, some of which he bore about in a leather case in his pocket. I trust that he may not remember any of the answers which I gave him that nigh
st thou but lov'd him half so well as I, Or felt that pain which I did for him once, Or nourish'd him as I did with my blood, Thou wouldst have left thy dearest heart-blood there Rather than have m
nourable friend. Edm. My services to your lordship. Kent. I must love you, and sue to know you better. Edm. Sir, I shall study deserving. Glou. He hath been out nine years, and away he sh
beheld! My husband lost his life to get the crown; And often up and down my sons were toss'd For me to joy and weep their gain and los
 I had come round the end of the hedge and my eyes lit upon Mrs. Douglas and the man Barker before they were aware of my presence. Her appeara
? GLOUCESTER. No doubt, no doubt. O, 'tis a perilous boy; Bold, quick, ingenious, forward, capable. He is all the mother's, 
arge thee in the Prince's name obey. Enter Prince [attended], Old Montague, Capulet, their Wives, and [others]. Prince. Where are the vile beginners
u, worthy uncle, Shall with my cousin, your right noble son, Lead our first battle. Worthy Macduff and we Shall take upon 
to help you, But as you shake off one to take another; Nothing so certain as your anchors, who Do their best office if they can but stay you W
d always say she could not abide Master Shallow. SHALLOW. By the mass, I could anger her to th' hear
orget her; but a fever she Reigns in my blood, and will rememb'red be. BEROWNE. A fever in your blood? Why, then incision Would
Are made already mothers. By my count, I was your mother much upon these years That you are now a ma
'er sit and wail their loss, But cheerly seek how to redress their harms. What though the mast be now blown overboard, The cable broke, the holding-anchor lost, And half our sailors swall
, and his stick, which was a Penang-lawyer weighted with lead, was just such a weapon as might, by repeated blows, have inflicted the terrible injuries to which the trainer had su
hat her hand, In whose comparison all whites are ink Writing their own reproach; to whose soft seizure The cygnet's down is harsh, and spirit of sense Hard as the palm of 
 riotous feeders, when our vaults have wept With drunken spilth of wine, when every room Hath blaz'd with lights and bray
; but in any case the study was a long way off. She remembered hearing some sound which she imagined to be the slamming of a 
limate's delicate, the air most sweet, Fertile the isle, the temple much surpassing The common praise it bears. DION. I shall report, For most it caught me, the celestial
gerness I listened to him, Watson, for the very chance for which I had been panting during all those months of inaction seemed to have come within my reach. In my inmost heart I believed that I could
th all hearts, Which I by lacking have supposed dead, And there reigns love and all love's loving parts, And all those friends which I thought buried. How many a holy and obse
R TOBY. Look where the youngest wren of nine comes. MARIA. If you desire the spleen, and will laugh yourselves into stitches, follow me. Yond gull Malvolio is turne
ever empty; Vines with clust'ring bunches growing, Plants with goodly burden bowing; Spring come to you at the farthest, In the very end of harvest! Scarcity and want sha
ow, etc. Re-enter SIMPLE SIMPLE. Yonder he is, coming this way, Sir Hugh. EVANS. He's welcome. [Sings] To shal
e none. Let Romeo hence in haste, Else, when he is found, that hour is his last. Bear hence this body, and attend our will. Mercy but murders, pardoning those that kill. Exeunt. Sc
s the high French window of which we had heard. Three smaller windows on the right-hand side filled the apartment with cold 
s hard as my feet would carry me to this man Breckinridge; but he had sold the lot at once, and not one word would he tell me as to where the
when that fell arrest, Without all bail shall carry me away, My life hath in this line some interest, Which for memorial still with thee shall stay. When thou re
 laugh whose lungs are tickle o' th' sere; and the lady shall say her mind freely, or the blank verse shall halt fort. What players are they? Ros. Even those you were wont to take such deligh
f tongues, of eyes, and ears; The woods are ruthless, dreadful, deaf, and dull. There speak and strike, brave boys, and take your tur
t, her frown might kill me. ROSALIND. By this hand, it will not kill a fly. But come, now I will be your Rosalind in a more coming-on di
nd the door. Enter OBERON and TITANIA, with all their train OBERON. Through the house give glimmering light, By the dead and drowsy fire; Every
? What's here? 'To Silvia'! And here an engine fit for my proceeding! I'll be so bold to break the seal for once. [Reads] 'My thoughts do harbour with my Silvia nightly,
is then a giant to an ape; but then is an ape a doctor to such a man. Pedro. But, soft you, let me be! Pluck up, my heart, and be sad! D
 the order for the coffee. "I wrote two more articles and then, feeling more drowsy than ever, I rose and walked up and down the room to stretch my legs. My coffee had not y
t 'tis in the nose of thee. Thou art the Knight of the Burning Lamp. Bard. Why, Sir John, my face does you no harm. Fal. No, I'll be sworn
h the haven- Where their appointment we may best discover And look on their endeavour. Exeunt ACT_4|SC_11 SCENE XI. Between the camps Enter CAESAR and his army CAESAR. But being charg'd, we will be s
ndow, the blind of which is only half down. Exit the solicitor. Enter the tramp! He seizes a stick, which he observes there, kills Oldacre, and departs after burning the body." "Why should the tr
of those questions which lie between us. He has been giving me a sketch of the methods by which he avoided the English police and kept himself informed of our movements. They certainly confirm t
 a fire; And neigh, and bark, and grunt, and roar, and burn, Like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn. Exit BOTTOM. Why do they 
and grey, The fields are fragrant, and the woods are green. Uncouple here, and let us make a bay, And wake the Emperor and his lovely bride, And rouse the Prince, and ring a hunter's peal, 
der the question of the blood. Of course, there was no bleeding on the line if the body had bled elsewhere. Each fact is suggestive 
netrating eyes. "Nothing here," he said, at last. "By the way, I suppose your friend was a healthy young fellow--nothing amiss with him?" "Sound as a bell.
 father, behold his blood. MONTAGUE. And, brother, here's the Earl of Wiltshire's blood, Whom I encount'red as the battles join'd. RICHARD. Speak thou for me, and tell them w
me--and asked me if I had rung. I said that I had not. He apologized for having disturbed me so late, saying that i
f I fought not with fifty of them, I am a bunch of radish! If there were not two or three and fifty upon poor old Jack, then am I no two-legg'd creature. Prince. Pray God you 
ding a young rabbit in the window. Knock old Sherman up, and tell him, with my compliments, that I want Toby at once. You will bring Toby back in the
 was. There had she not been long but she became A joyful mother of two goodly sons; And, which was strange, the one so like the other As could not be disdnguish'd but by names. T
icated with that in which the body was found. This fact, which has been very clearly made out, proves conclusively th
ld find no sense; I would not understand it. OLIVIA. Why, what would you? VIOLA. Make me a willow cabin at your
m a share. I said I would willingly do so, but that she would not have me. He said, 'Let us get her married first, and after a week or two she ma
 Sir, you cannot. I would your Grace would give us but an hour Of private conference. KING. [To NORFOLK and SUFFOLK] We are busy; go. NORFOL
e situation a little more clearly. It may bear some more innocent interpretation. Come, Watson, let us go across ourselves and see what we can make of 
ating that Shall dye your white rose in a bloody red. PLANTAGENET. Meantime your cheeks do counterfeit our roses; For pale they look with fear, as witnessing The truth on our side. SOMERSET.
 a moment. He implored me not to go on. He assured me that I could do nothing. Then Mrs. Allen, the housekeeper, led me upstairs again. It was all like some dreadful dream." "Can you 
ah, a word with you. Attend those men Our pleasure? ATTENDANT. They are, my lord, without the palace gate. MACBETH. Bring them before us. Exit Attendant. To be thus is nothing, But to be safely
ousand pieces! FIRST LORD. What of you? SECOND LORD. He sent to me, sir- here he comes. Enter TIMON and attendants TIMON. With all my h
nty, you may have to answer for your own conduct some of these days," the captain answered. "This man McMurdo was a crook before ever he came her
 like me, For mine's beyond beyond!-say, and speak thick- Love's counsellor should fill the bores of hearing To th' smothering of the sense- how far i
 I'll give my jewels for a set of beads, My gorgeous palace for a hermitage, My gay apparel for an almsman's gown, My figur'd gob
g, as the manner is, his wounds To th' people, beg their stinking breaths. SICINIUS. 'Tis right. BRUTUS. It was his word. O, he would miss it
 it, with a sheet of paper stuck in the cleft fork of it. The inscription upon the paper was brief, b
peaks, and 'tis Such sense that my sense breeds with it.- Fare you well. ISABELLA. Gentle my lord, turn back. ANGE
SERVANT. Here is the sister of the man condemn'd Desires access to you. ANGELO. Hath he a sister? PROVOST.
, That have profaned their scarlet ornaments, And sealed false bonds of love as oft as mine, Robbed others' beds' revenues of their rents. Be it lawful I love thee as thou lov'st those, Whom thine e
de up his mind as to which points were essential and which immaterial. I therefore spent the day at my club and did not return to Baker Street until evening. It
is usurp'd authority. KING PHILIP. Brother of England, you blaspheme in this. KING JOHN. Though you and all the kings of Christendom Are led so grossly by t
sure you know how much the gross sum of deuce-ace amounts to. ARMADO. It doth amount to one more than two. MOTH. Which the base vulgar 
 of memory, nourish'd in the womb of pia mater, and delivered upon the mellowing of occasion. But the gift is good in those in whom it is acute, and I am thankful for
 ring she bid me give you, sir. Hie you, make haste, for it grows very late. Exit. Rom. How well my comfort is reviv'd by this! Friar. Go hence; good night; and here stands all your state: Eit
ated the tragic scene, and all were equally puppets in his hands. Williamson and Carruthers found themselves carrying the wounded Woodley into the house, and I gave my arm to the frightened girl
is features. He gnawed his lip, drummed his fingers upon the table, and showed every other symptom of acu
rs, Doing himself offense, whilst we lying still Are full of rest, defense, and nimbleness. BRUTUS. G
. So. DUCHESS. Either thou wilt die by God's just ordinance Ere from this war thou turn a conqueror; Or I with grief and extreme ag
r bark. Alarum. Enter AENEAS AENEAS. How now, Prince Troilus! Wherefore not afield? TROILUS. Because not there. This woman's answer sorts, For womanish 
 thy wedding day Hath Death lain with thy wife. See, there she lies, Flower as she was, deflowered by him. Death is my s
ear's the other army? Gent. Near and on speedy foot. The main descry Stands on the hourly thought. Edg. I thank you sir. That's all. Gent. Though that the
ghastly caravan route by these scattered remains of those who had fallen by the wayside. Looking down on this v
-place, where I, Even in theirs and in the commons' ears, Will vouch the truth of it. Him I accuse The city ports by this hath enter'd and
upon him at the sight of them. He became haggard and restless, and his eyes had the troubled look of some hunted creature. He had but one hope in life now, and that was for the arrival of the young h
peak English, will be rewarded. A similar reward paid to any one giving information about a Greek lady whose first name is Sophy. X 2473. "That wa
ut the tyranny of her sorrows takes all livelihood from her cheek. No more of this, Helena; go to, no more, lest it be rather thought you affect a sorrow than to have- HELENA. 
s month? Prince. Dost thou speak like a king? Do thou stand for me, and I'll play my father. Fal. Depose me? If thou dost it half so gravely, so majestically
bear no signs of this. They are fresh, too. They have been cut off with a blunt instrument, which would hardly happen if a student had done it. Again, carbolic or rectifie
trew his lady's grave; And bid me stand aloof, and so I did. Anon comes one with light to ope the tomb; And by-and-by my master drew on him; And then I ran away to call the w
or anything better. Capital! capital!' He seemed quite enthusiastic and rubbed his hands together in the most genial fashion. He was such a comfortable-lookin
a dress, sir," answered the lady. "Ah, that quite settles it," said Holmes. And with an apology he followed the Inspector outside. A short walk across the moor took us to the hollow i
needs buy and sell men and women like beasts, we shall have all the world drink brown and white bastard. DUKE. O heavens! what stuff is here
ard the sea-side; go on the right-hand; I will but look upon the hedge, and follow you. CLOWN. We are ble
 you what is yours. You may Convey your pleasures in a spacious plenty And yet seem cold, the time you may so hoodwink. We have willing dames enough; there cannot be That vulture in you to devou
ands, if they say They love you all? Haply, when I shall wed, That lord whose hand must take my plight shall carry Half my love with him
s the hole you made in Caesar's heart, Crying "Long live! Hail, Caesar!" CASSIUS. Antony, The posture of 
others failed, and now I had the opportunity to test myself. "'Pray, let me have the details,' I cried. "Reginald Musgrave sat down opposite to me, and lit the cigarette which I had pus
and LORDS at one door, and at another CAIUS LUCIUS and attendants CYMBELINE. Now say, what would Augustus 
en compelled to make a clear statement of his career it is due to those injudicious champions who have endeavored to clear his me
 than an ace, man; for he is dead; he is nothing. THESEUS. With the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and yet prove an ass. HIPPOLYTA. How chance Moonshine is gone before Thisby 
e approaching fate was known by one of the arch-criminal's subordinates--had in some way betrayed the chief. His punishment followed, and would be known to all--if only to put the fear of
ALENTINE. Love is your master, for he masters you; And he that is so yoked by a fool, Methinks, should not be chronic
d shortly. There, take my coxcomb! Why, this fellow hath banish'd two on's daughters, and did the third a blessing against his will. If thou follow him, thou must needs wear my cox
 her head: I have seen roses damasked, red and white, But no such roses see I in her cheeks, And in some perfumes is there more delight, Than in 
No, sweet Octavia, You shall hear from me still; the time shall not Out-go my thinking on you. ANTONY. Come, sir, come; I'll wrest
zard all he hath.' You shall look fairer ere I give or hazard. What says the golden chest? Ha! let me see: 'Who chooseth me shall g
they vanished close to the gravel path which leads out of the grounds. The lake there is eight feet deep, and you can imagine our feelings when we saw th
n: Lest sorrow lend me words and words express, The manner of my pity-wanting pain. If I might teach thee wit better it were, Though not to love, yet love to tell me so, As testy
most just law Now took your brother's life; or, to redeem him, Give up your body to such sweet uncleanness As she that he hath stain'd? ISABELLA. Sir, believe this: I had rather give my bod
 in mine earnest words, Mine eyes should sparkle like the beaten flint, Mine hair be fix'd an end, as one distract; Ay, every joint sh
nt's shoulder. He pushed the bartender out and closed the door on him. "So," said he with a furious glance at McMurdo, "you got here firs
s with Beatrice, and then the two bears will not bite one another when they meet. Enter John the Bastard. John. My lord and brother, God sa
ive the blood; and when that they are dead, Let me go grind their bones to powder small, And with this hateful liquor temper it; And in that p
klings? And, though unskilful, why not Ned and I For once allow'd the skilful pilot's charge? We will not 
rixton Road--249," read Holmes. "Quite so. Now turn that up in the ledger." Holmes turned to the page indicated. "Here you are, 
YMBELINE'S palace Enter IMOGEN and PISANIO IMOGEN. I would thou grew'st unto the shores o' th' haven, And questioned'st every sail; if he 
t, and led him into the front room. I give you my word that all the way, the father and the daughter were walking in front of us. "'It's inf
he other hand, although it is trivial, it is undoubtedly queer, and I know that you have a taste for all that is out of the co
t it into words to gain the reputation of being excellent company for the remainder of your existence." THE ADVENTURE OF THE NOBLE BACHELOR The Lord St. Simon marriage, and its 
And thrust thyself into their companies. I have a way to will their loves again; Bring them before me. BASTARD. I Will seek them ou
ere the king on't, what would I do? SEBASTIAN. Scape being drunk for want of wine. GONZALO. I' th' commonwealth I would by contraries
e, it is hers. ROSALIND. Why, 'tis a boisterous and a cruel style; A style for challengers. Why, she defies me, Like Turk to Christian. Women's gentle brain Could
as seen by peasants, and that the legend of the demon dog received a new confirmation. He had hoped that his wife might lure Sir Charles to his ruin
 by the time I had opened the door and reached the house the creature was gone. He had left a trace of his presence, however, 
 SILVIA. O miserable, unhappy that I am! PROTEUS. Unhappy were you, madam, ere I came; But by my coming I have made you 
m fumble with the sheets, and play with flowers, and smile upon his fingers' end, I knew there was but one way; for his no
tragedy. It is true that the circumstances did not admit of any striking illustration of those powers for which my friend was famous, but there were some points about the case
r heads. Holmes rushed to the door and out into the hall. The dismal noise came from upstairs. He dashed up, the inspector and I at his heels, while his brother 
rd, But not intentively. I did consent, And often did beguile her of her tears When I did speak of some distressful stroke That my youth suffer'd. My story being done, She gave me for my 
er part of the business. I was in diggings out Hampstead way, 17 Potter's Terrace. Well, I was sitting doing a smoke that very evening after I h
y spleen to do me shame, I'll strike thee dead. Put up thy sword betime; Or I'll so maul you and your toasting-iron That you shall think the devil is come from hell. BIGOT. What wilt thou
he silver cigarette-case which he used to carry. As I took it up a small square of paper upon which it had lain fluttered down on to the ground. Unfolding it, I found that it consisted of three page
?" "Oh, certainly, if it would give you any pleasure." He put out his hand and coldly grasped that which she extended to him. "I had hoped," suggested Holmes, "that you would ha
pes for heaven! CROMWELL. I am glad your Grace has made that right use of it. WOLSEY. I hope I have. I am able now, methinks, Out of a fortitude of soul I feel, To endure more miseries and gre
ld's children, cry against you woe. NORTHUMBERLAND. Well have you argued, sir; and, for your pains, Of capital treason we arrest you here. My Lord of Westminster, be it your charge To keep 
ENCE. Dead, sir. SHALLOW. Jesu, Jesu, dead! drew a good bow; and dead! 'A shot a fine shoot. John a Gaunt loved him well, and betted much mone
 That's monstrous. O that that were out! SPEED. 'And more wealth than faults.' LAUNCE. Why, that word makes the faults gracious. Well, I'll have her; an if it be a match, a
d reasons to suspect that there has been a substitution of lodgers." "But for what possible end?" "Ah! there lies our problem. Th
t?" Sherlock Holmes picked them up one by one, and laid them along the edge of the table. Then he reseated himself in his chair and looked th
f it, for if you do I hope that I may be of use to you. I think I can prove that the poison acts so quickly 
For bearers of this greeting to old Norway, Giving to you no further personal power To business with the
 art; There shalt thou find the mariners asleep Under the hatches; the master and the boatswain Being awake, enforce them to this place; And presently, I prithee.
ded in a very massive iron gate. This also was opened, and led down a flight of winding stone steps, which terminated at another formidable gate. Mr. Merryweather stopped to light a
f esteem, Are made already mothers. By my count, I was your mother much upon these years That you are now a maid. Thus then in brief: The valiant Paris seeks you for his love. Nurse. A
. Marry, sir, by a rule as plain as the plain bald pate of Father Time himself. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Let's hear
s. Then I recalled to mind that he had mentioned to us that his brother and he were twins. "This is terrible!" I said to Holmes. "What is to be 
ay in our interlude before the Duke and the Duchess on his wedding-day at night. BOTTOM. First, good Peter Quince, say what the play treats on; then read the name
and the proud day, Attended with the pleasures of the world, Is all too wanton and too full of gawds To give me audience. If the midnight bell Did with hi
ur of his birthright to the crown. BOTH. Long live our sovereign Richard, England's King! YORK. We thank you, lords. But I am not your king Till I be crown'd, and 
that there was a man standing in the Southampton Road, a small bearded man in a grey suit, who seemed to be looking in my direction. The road is an important highway, and ther
ter of a full poor cell, And thy no greater father. MIRANDA. More to know Did never meddle with my thoughts. PROSPERO. 'Tis time I should inform thee farther. Lend thy hand, And pluck m
e Of those that serv'd Mark Antony but late Enough to fetch him in. See it done; And feast the army; we have store to do't, And they have earn'd the waste. Poor Antony! Exeunt ACT_4|SC_2 SCENE II. A
rvice. [Gives money.] Enter Fool. Fool. Let me hire him too. Here's my coxcomb. [Offers Kent his cap.] Lear. How now, my pretty knave?
d be at sea before the news could reach me, and that I should be lost for years in Africa. But I returned at once. Of course, I could not listen to the details without
m, because it was the first that he saw. There was no other place where he could hide, so he popped in behind this curtain. That all seems clear enough. It is likely that his main idea was to 
Take my prayers with you. I would the gods had nothing else to do But to confirm my curses. Could I meet 'em But once a day, it would unclog my heart Of what lies h
atever he may call himself," said Holmes firmly. She hesitated. Then she threw open the door. "Well, come in!" said she. "
ht thus? Hadst thou but lov'd him half so well as I, Or felt that pain which I did for him once, Or nourish'd him as I did with my blood, Thou wouldst have left thy de
 not with your lord at home? Osw. No, madam. Reg. What might import my sister's letter to him? Osw. I know not, lad
 sun, So I by that; it is my day, my life. ANNE. Black night o'ershade thy day, and death thy life! GLOUCESTER.
E 1. England. A castle Enter HUBERT and EXECUTIONERS HUBERT. Heat me these irons hot; and look thou stand Within the arras. When I strik
 The first, Edward the Black Prince, Prince of Wales; The second, William of Hatfield; and the third, Lionel Duke of Clarence; ne
iling and whispering WOLSEY. What should this mean? What sudden anger's this? How have I reap'd it? He parted frowning from me, as if ruin
 As true we are as flesh and blood can be. The sea will ebb and flow, heaven show his face; Young blood doth not obey an old decree. 
se, courage, and valor, this night show it; if thou the next night following enjoy not Desdemona, take me from this world with treachery and devise engines for 
oo much good! Who then dares to be half so kind again? For bounty, that makes gods, does still mar men. My dearest lord- blest to be most accurst, Rich only to be wretche
nderous commonplace books in which he placed his cuttings. "Here is an advertisement which will interest you," said he. "It appeared
e [said the Daily Telegraph] which raises the veil which hung round the tragic fate of Mr. Eduardo Lucas, who met his death by violence last Monday night at Godolphin 
of night is on my face; Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek For that which thou hast heard me speak to-night. Fain would I dwell on form- fain, fain deny What I
I will take thy word. Yet, if thou swear'st, Thou mayst prove false. At lovers' perjuries, They say Jove laughs. O gentle Romeo, If thou dost love, pronounce 
 upon their children be. With this field-dew consecrate, Every fairy take his gait, And each several chamber bless, Through this palace, with sweet peace; And the owner of it blest Ever 
 happy as the day was long when we set up house together, and in all Liverpool there was no better woman than my Mary. And then we asked Sar
had been unable to bridge, in this most complex affair. You are aware, perhaps, that a close intimacy exists between this lady and the man Stapleton?" "I did not k
 to slaughter, His princes and his peers to servitude, His subjects to oppression and contempt, And his whole kingdom int
le--" He paused, and I was surprised, on glancing round to see that he was staring with singular intentness at the lady's profile. Surprise and satisfaction were both for an instant to be 
g can be made out of nothing. Fool. [to Kent] Prithee tell him, so much the rent of his land comes to. He will not believe a fool. Lear. A bitter fool! Fool. Dost thou
, and then, having prescribed for him, I saw him go off upon the arm of his son. "I have told you that Mr. Blessington generally chose this hour of the day for his exercise. He came in sh
golden sun gives not To those fresh morning drops upon the rose, As thy eye-beams, when their fresh rays have smote The night of dew that on 
s, smoking his pipe. "Ah, you have him there!" said he. "Good dog, then! Athelney Jones has gone. We have had an immense display of energy sin
r. It is a beast for Perseus: he is pure air and fire; and the dull elements of earth and water never appear in him, but only in patient stillness while his rider mounts him; he is indeed a horse,
l, as there is no risk of the number being lost or transposed. There are no less than four such numbers visible to my
wn overboard, and so also had the third mate. Prendergast then descended into the 'tween-decks and with his own hands cut the throat o
 manage it against despairing thoughts. Thy letters may be here, though thou art hence, Which, being writ to me, shall be deliv
now no secrets That appertain to you? Am I yourself But, as it were, in sort or limitation, To keep with you at meals, comfort your bed, And talk to you sometime
the tragedy. "The injury from which the unfortunate veteran was suffering was found to be a jagged cut some two inches long at the back part of his head, which had e
n, For fly he could not if he would have fled; And fly would Talbot never, though he might. SOMERSET. If he be dead, brave Talbot, then, adieu! LUCY. His fame lives in the world, his shame in you. 
That strike beside us. SIWARD. Enter, sir, the castle. Exeunt. Alarum. SCENE VIII. Another part of the field. Enter Macbeth.
d while you are finding him we will hold on to our man. The future will show which is right. Just notice this point, Mr. Holmes:
. Do not worry about my future, for that is provided for; and, above all, do not search for me, for it will be fruitless la
urther. But hark you, Kate: Whither I go, thither shall you go too; To-day will I set forth, to-morrow you. Will this c
How did you open it before? You have a duplicate key? Yes, of course you have. Open it!" From out of her bosom Lady Hilda had drawn a small key. The box flew open. It was stuffed with p
e chambers, he put it back into the right-hand pocket of his jacket. We had during this time been following the guidance of Toby down the half-rural villa-lined roads which lead to the metropo
; your dismission Is come from Caesar; therefore hear it, Antony. Where's Fulvia's process? Caesar's I would say? Both? Call in the messengers. As I am Egypt's Queen, Thou blus
he good man teach his son; And Crispin Crispian shall ne'er go by, From this day to the ending of the world, But we in it shall be remembered- We 
" "My name is Sawyer--her's is Dennis, which Tom Dennis married her--and a smart, clean lad, too, as long a
ng by it, and borrows money in God's name, the which he hath us'd so long and never paid that now men grow hard-hearted and will lend nothing for God's sake. Pray you examine him up
 No elder than a boy! Re-enter IMOGEN IMOGEN. Good masters, harm me not. Before I enter'd here I call'd, and thought To have be
edly be put to his account.' I could see no other way out of it, so we did as he suggested. We waited half an hour at the window before a train stopped. It was so thick that nothing could be
e presently. MAYOR. Sirrah, go fetch the beadle hither straight. Exit an attendant GLOUCESTER. Now fetch me
w, I could see the shadow of a head, a woman's head, gazing tensely, rigidly, out into the night, waiting with breathless suspense fo
 Tell me, how fares our loving mother? DERBY. I, by attorney, bless thee from thy mother, Who prays continually for Richmond's good
n England even after the death of the King, and that when they at last fled they probably left many of their most preciou
 Fortune that she sends you to prison hither? Guil. Prison, my lord? Ham. Denmark's a prison. Ros. Then is the world one.
d have had the drop on me with that buckshot gun of his before ever I could draw on him. After the bridge was up--my mind was always more restful when that bridge
mbs and lap their gentle blood, That foul defacer of God's handiwork, That excellent grand tyrant of the earth That reigns in galled eyes of weepi
er, who, being more than sand-blind, high-gravel blind, knows me not. I will try confusions with him. GOBBO. Master young gentleman, I pray you, which is the way to master Jew's? LAUNCELOT. Tu
ing but eat and make good cheer, And praise God for the merry year; When flesh is cheap and females dear, And lusty lads roam 
re not Romans hinds. Those that with haste will make a mighty fire Begin it with weak straws. What trash is Rome, What r
Another part of the plain Enter ANTONY and ENOBARBUS ANTONY. Set we our squadrons on yon side o' th' hill, In eye of Caesar's battle; from which place We may the n
T II. PROLOGUE. Flourish. Enter CHORUS CHORUS. Now all the youth of England are on fire, And silken dalliance 
o? They have confess'd you did. DUKE. 'Tis false. ESCALUS. How! Know you where you are? DUKE. Respect to your great place! and let the devil Be sometime honour'd for his burning
. "I knew that Barrymore walked about nights, and I had a mind to speak to him about it," said he. "Two or three times I have heard his st
 the whole establishment, boys, masters, and servants. It was then that we ascertained that Lord Saltire had not been alone in his flight. Heidegger, the German master, was
the hand, silent] CORIOLANUS. O mother, mother! What have you done? Behold, the heavens do ope, The gods 
bar me from them? DUCHESS. I am their father's mother; I will see them. ANNE. Their aunt I am in law, in love their mother. Then bring me to their sights; I'll bear thy bl
nd mother to the young girl. As year succeeded to year she grew taller and stronger, her cheek more rudy, and her step more elastic. Many a wayfarer upon the high road which r
ce more in sorrow than in anger. Ham. Pale or red? Hor. Nay, very pale. Ham. And fix'd his eyes upon you? Hor. Most constantly. Ham. I would I had been there. Hor. It would ha
avat. He was equally certain that the same stranger had, while standing at the window, drugged his curried mutton,
 sight there was a general reining up of horses and unslinging of guns, while fresh horsemen came galloping up to reinforce the vanguard. T
 LORD SAY] Farewell, my lord, trust not the Kentish rebels. BUCKINGHAM. Trust nobody, for fear you be betray'd. SAY.
roject Gutenberg legal advisor** ***** SMALL PRINT! for COMPLETE SHAKESPEARE ***** THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE CO
tand in hard cure. [To the Fool] Come, help to bear thy master. Thou must not stay behind. Glou. Come, come, away! Exeunt [all but Edgar]. Edg. When we our betters see
is here, Where Juliet lives; and every cat and dog And little mouse, every unworthy thing, Live here in heaven and may look on her; But R
rthy of it. I will say thus much for him: if a prince May be beholding to a subject, Am for his love and serv
as the first motive that I woo'd thee, Anne; Yet, wooing thee, I found thee of more value Than stamps i
hree great ones suffer, Yourself, your queen, your son. FIRST LORD. For her, my lord, I dare my life lay down- and will d
o be done but to see him. PISTOL. 'Tis 'semper idem' for 'obsque hoc nihil est.' 'Tis all in every part. SHALLOW. 'Tis so, indeed. PIS
 a devil. But welcome as you are. What shall we do? TAMORA. What wouldst thou have us do, Andronicus? DEMETRIUS
 a devil. But welcome as you are. What shall we do? TAMORA. What wouldst thou have us do, Andronicus? DEMETRIUS. Show me a murderer, I'll deal with 
le. SECOND SERVANT. Will't please your Mightiness to wash your hands? O, how we joy to see your wit restor'd! O, that once more you knew but what you are! These fifteen years you have been in a drea
expiate. For all that beauty that doth cover thee, Is but the seemly raiment of my heart, Which in thy breast doth live, as thine in me, How can I then be elder than thou art? 
ue. Speak, thy father's care; Art thou not weary, John? How dost thou fare? Wilt thou yet leave the battle, boy, and fly, Now thou art seal'd the son of chivalry? Fly
ention of clearing up this point. I was about to assure Miss Cushing that I was convinced that a mistake had been made w
o this wood; And I in fury hither followed them, Fair Helena in fancy following me. But, my good lord, I wot not by what power- But by some power i
inguish'd by our faces For man or master. Then it follows thus: Thou shalt be master, Tranio, in my stead, Keep house and port and servants, as I should; I will some other be- some 
ur heads, I like it well. France, shall we knit our pow'rs And lay this Angiers even with the ground; Then after fight who shall 
s; beat the ground For kissing of their feet; yet always bending Towards their project. Then I beat my tabor, At which like unback'd colts they prick'd their ears, Advanc'
earth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. It was a fine, thick piece of wood, bulbous-headed, of the sort which is know
 There was yet another individual whose residence under that roof was, it is true, only an intermittent one, but whose presence at the time of the strange happenings which will now be narrated b
Shall we call back Northumberland, and send Defiance to the traitor, and so die? AUMERLE. No, good my lord; let's fight with gentle words Till time lend frien
he acquire wealth? He is unmarried. His younger brother is a station master in the west of England. His chair is worth seven hund
clenched fists in the air as if he were mad with rage. She never said a word until we were at the door here, when she took me by the hand and begged me to tell no one
t'ning- in the chase, it seems, Of this fair couple- meets he on the way The father of this seeming lady and Her brother, having both their country quitted With this young pr
 perdy; And, which is worse, within thy nasty mouth! I do retort the 'solus' in thy bowels; For I can take, and Pistol's cock is up, And flashing fire will follow. NYM. I am not Barbason: you canno
of that why should McFarlane?" "To hide some evidence." "Possibly the tramp wanted to hide that any murder at all had 
rass was the only material witness left of this inexplicable nocturnal flight. Sherlock Holmes left the house alone, a
. He still smiled and blinked, but there was something about his eyes which made me feel very glad that I had it there. "'You evidently don't know me,' said he. "'On the contrar
rd was not well cut? TOUCHSTONE. I durst go no further than the Lie Circumstantial, nor he durst not give me the Li
breadth of mine, And let it answer every strain for strain, As thus for thus, and such a grief for such, In every line
harge he gave me, But dreadful war shall answer his demand. Had he none else to make a stale but me? Then none but I shall turn his jest to sorrow. I was the chief
ed in amazement, and then snatched the paper from my hands. This was the paragraph which I had been engaged in reading when he rose from his chair: M
ied, for at this moment there came the pattering of many steps in the hall and on the stairs, accompanied by audible expressions of disgust upon the part of ou
ard more than me? No, Exeter, these graces challenge grace; And, when the lion fawns upon the lamb, The lamb will never cease to follow him. [Shou
 always my pill boxes about with me, and the time had now come when I was to use them. "It was nearer one than twelve, and a wild, bleak night, blowing hard and raining in torrents. Dismal as i
od. OLIVER. Get you with him, you old dog. ADAM. Is 'old dog' my reward? Most true, I have lost my teeth in your service. God be with my old master! He would 
rthumberland, Have, for the gilt of France- O guilt indeed!- Confirm'd conspiracy with fearful France; And by their hand
nforcement, or we perish all. Enter NESTOR NESTOR. Go, bear Patroclus' body to Achilles, And bid the snail-pac'd Ajax arm for shame. There is a
"He looks like a beaten man," cried Phelps. I was forced to confess that he was right. "After all," said I, "the clue of the matter lies probably here in town." Phelps gave a groa
y of John a Gaunt as if he had been sworn brother to him; and I'll be sworn 'a ne'er saw him but once in the Tiltyard; and then he burst
o much disdain: Lest sorrow lend me words and words express, The manner of my pity-wanting pain. If I might teach thee wit
mediately Th' unknown Ajax. Heavens, what a man is there! A very horse that has he knows not what! Nature, what things there are Most abject in regard 
 papers which I had brought. He said that three of them were essential, and that he must keep them. 'You canno
ody hands, in sleeping on your beds! YORK. Fell banning hag; enchantress, hold thy tongue. PUCELLE. I prithee give me leave to curse awhile. YORK. Curse, miscreant,
's thumb, Wreck'd as homeward he did come. Drum within. THIRD WITCH. A drum, a drum! Macbeth doth come. ALL. The weird sisters, hand in hand, Posters of the
s boots were left behind. Where then could butler Brunton have gone in the night, and what could have become of him now? 
e Amongst his subjects and his loyal friends, As it disanimates his enemies. KING HENRY. When Gloucester says the word, King Henry goes; For friendly
t me counsel thee. TOUCHSTONE. Come, sweet Audrey; We must be married or we must live in bawdry. Farewell, good Master Oliver. Not- O sweet Oliver, 
e that did his picture get, To serve their eyes, and in it put their mind; Like fools that in th' imagination
 death.' So, underneath the belly of their steeds, That stain'd their fetlocks in his smoking blood, The noble gentleman gave up the ghost. WARWICK. Then let the eart
o' Groat's, and our friend Armstrong would have to drive through the Cam before he would shake Pompey off his trail. Oh, the cunning rascal! This is how he gave me the slip the ot
 very sight of a beast which he thought to be supernatural, the other driven to his end in his wild flight to escape from it. But now we have to prove the connection between the m
nent danger of a spinal curvature. Shocking, Watson, shocking!" He sat with his mouth full of toast and his e
ver a fly from a spider without drawing their massy irons and cutting the web. After this, the vengeance on the whole camp! or, rathe
er," continued the detective. "I found her very pale and distressed. Her daughter was in the room, too--an uncommonly fine girl she is, too; she was looking red about the eyes and her lips tremble
 a woman to be pitied much. Her sighs will make a batt'ry in his breast; Her tears will pierce into a marble heart; The tiger will be mild whiles she doth mourn; And Nero will b
 place, As it rain'd kisses. Re-enter ANTONY and ENOBARBUS ANTONY. Favours, by Jove that thunders! What art thou, fellow? THYREUS. One that but performs The biddi
the thought thereof! QUEEN ELIZABETH. As little joy, my lord, as you suppose You should enjoy were you this country's king, As lit
here to my flatterer. Being so great, I have no need to beg. BOLINGBROKE. Yet ask. KING RICHARD. And shall I have? BOL
 I must hence again. Exeunt SCENE VI. London. Cannon street Enter JACK CADE and the rest, and strikes his staff on London Stone CADE. Now is Mortimer lord of this city. And here, s
 one thing which the Queen confess'd, Which must approve thee honest. 'If Pisanio Have' said she 'given his mistress that confection Which I gave
he spite of fortune, make me bow, And do not drop in for an after-loss: Ah do not, when my heart hath 'scaped this sorrow, Come in the rearward of a conquered woe, Give not a windy
and the help of school, And wit's own grace to grace a learned fool. ROSALINE. The blood of youth burns not with such excess As gravity's revolt to wanton
raitor, foul and dangerous, To God of heaven, King Richard, and to me. And as I truly fight, defend me heaven!
t what he is, augmented, Would run to these and these extremities; And therefore think him as a serpent's egg Which hatch'd would as his kind grow mis
 gashes cry for help. DUNCAN. So well thy words become thee as thy wounds; They smack of honor both. Go get him surgeons. Exit Sergeant, attended. Who comes here? Enter Ross. MALCOLM The wor
s of perspiration shone upon his brow, and his hands shook until the hunting-crop wagged like a branch in the wind. His bullying, overbearing manner was all gone too, and he cringe
al in those charges Which will require your answer, you must take Your patience to you and be well contented To make your house ou
! But what do you gather from it?" "That he wanted no gossip about his wealth. No single man should know what he had. I have no doubt th
ood-pile. All that, of course, fits in with the official theory. I crawled about the lawn with an August sun on my back, but I got up at the end o
form, Will pack when it begins to rain And leave thee in the storm. But I will tarry; the fool will stay, And let the wise man fly. 
is dead! "He came again and again. Yet I was aware that Gennaro was no more happy than I was in his presence. My poor husband would sit pale and li
I had among them all--one who has been after me like a hungry wolf after a caribou all these years. I knew there was trouble
h surely if you consider the events at first they can only point to one conclusion." "What do you make of them?" "Well, the whole thing hinges upon two points. The first is the making of Pycroft 
 TOUCHSTONE. No, truly; for the truest poetry is the most feigning, and lovers are given to poetry; and
? CELIA. Marry, I prithee, do, to make sport withal; but love no man in good earnest, nor no further in sport neither than with
he rivelled fee- simple of the tetter, take and take again such preposterous discoveries! PATROCLUS. Why, thou damnable box of envy, thou, what meanest thou 
it. The older man is showing documents which are of evident value. A passing tramp sees them through the window, the blind of which is only half down. Exit the solicitor. Enter the tramp! He seizes 
y, and ever were, very commendable. 'Accommodated!' It comes of accommodo. Very good; a good phrase. BARDOLPH. Pardon, si
 such disorder in my wit. O Lord! my boy, my Arthur, my fair son! My life, my joy, my food, my ail the world! My widow-comfort, and my sorrows' cure! Exit KING PHILIP. I fear some outrage, and I'l
will not stay the siege of loving terms, Nor bide th' encounter of assailing eyes, Nor ope her lap to saint-seducing gold. O, she's rich in beauty; only poor That, 
 sure it must look very bad, Mr. Holmes, and I am not aware that in my whole life such a thing has ever happened before. But will tell you the whole queer business, and whe
 that Drebber, looking from his window, had recognized the vagrant in the street, and had read murder in his eyes. He hurried before a justice of the peace, accompanied by
PROSPERO. Come on; obey. Thy nerves are in their infancy again, And have no vigour in them. FERDINAND. So they are; My spirits, as in a dream, are all bound up. My father's loss, the wea
- A proverb never stale in thrifty mind. Exit JESSICA. Farewell; and if my fortune be not crost, I have a father, you a daughter, lost. Exit SCENE VI. Venice. Before SHYLOCK'S house Ent
ent appeared upon his features. He gnawed his lip, drummed his fingers upon the table, and showed every other symptom of acute impatience. So great was his emotion, 
doubt you think that you are complimenting me in comparing me to Dupin," he observed. "Now, in my opinion, Dupin was a very inferior fellow. That trick of his of breaking
ay the same as ever. I hope he's not going to be ill, sir. I ventured to say something to him about cooling medicine, but he turned on me, sir
g. The ceremony, as shortly announced in the papers of yesterday, occurred on the previous morning; but it is only now that
ry nose, These yellow cowslip cheeks, Are gone, are gone; Lovers, make moan; His eyes were green as leeks. O Sisters Three
tamp upon me. 'T has been done: Men shut their doors against a setting sun. The LORDS rise from table, with much adoring of TIMON; and to show their loves, each single out an Amazon,
ife is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent. We would not dare to conceive the things which are
nsented unto Salisbury's death, For none would strike a stroke in his revenge. Pucelle is ent'red into Orleans In spite of us or aught that we could do. O, would I wer
d when I had finished. "Capital! Between your brandy and your bandage, I feel a new man. I was very weak, but I have had a good deal to go through." "Perhaps you had better 
enough now, and yet methinks you lose. Father, tear the crown from the usurper's head. EDWARD. Sweet father, do so; set it on your head. MONTAGUE. Good brother, as thou lov'st and honourest ar
hy unnatural uncle, English John. Embrace him, love him, give him welcome hither. ARTHUR. God shall forg
laster bust of Napoleon, which stood with several other works of art upon the counter, lying shivered into fragments. He rushed out into the road, but, although sever
, unless it be to report your lord's taking of this. Receive it so. VIOLA. She took the ring of me; I'll none of it. MALVOLIO. Come,
dish'd sword did blind men with his beams; His arms spread wider than a dragon's wings; His sparkling eyes, replete with wrathful fire, More dazzled and drove 
ch most with you should safe my going, Is Fulvia's death. CLEOPATRA. Though age from folly could not give me freedom, It does from childishness. Can Fulvia die? ANTONY. She's dead
 was his son when they did take his eyes? Gent. Come with my lady hither. Alb. He is not here. Gent. No, my good lord; I met him bac
d-day to transact some business in Oxford Street. As I passed the corner which leads from Bentinck Street
 you think that he has acted from motives which are not criminal, and which he would wish to have known, then you cannot serve him better than by telling us the w
but if he be a married man, he's his wife's head, and I can never cut of a woman's head. PROVOST. Come, sir, leave me your snatche
ou would not use a gentle lady so: To vow, and swear, and superpraise my parts, When I am sure you hate me with your hearts. You both are rivals, an
t dost thou with thy best apparel on? You, sir, what trade are you? SECOND COMMONER. Truly, sir, in respect of a fine workman, I am but, as you would say, a cobbler. MARUL
ay you! Dies. Exit Lady Macduff, crying "Murther!" Exeunt Murtherers, following her. SCENE III. England. Be
t me see my death! FIRST SOLDIER. That shall you, and take your leave of all your friends. [Unmuffling him] So look a
ou say that you have sent him money?" "Twice." "And how?" "In notes to Camberwell post-office." "Did you ever trouble to see who called for th
o jest. "Well, Mr. Holmes, from the moment that I understood that there was something about that suite of rooms which I was n
hat when there you dispatched a telegram." "Right!" said I. "Right on both points! But I confess that I don't see how you arrived at it. It was a sudden impulse upon my part,
ad their business; in which regard, Though I do hate him as I do hell pains, Yet for necessity of pr
the cupboard when the young man seized me. I had seen him already that morning. He had met me in the road and I had asked him to tell me where Professor Coram lived, not knowing that he was in his 
as to the lady; And yet to be afeard of my deserving Were but a weak disabling of myself. As much as I deserve? Why, tha
fresh, reviving. She is fool'd With a most false effect; and I the truer So to be false with her. QUEEN. No further service, Doctor, Until I send for thee. CORNELIUS. I humbly take m
hee, my dear, but have no power To give it from me. DIANA. Will you not, my lord? BERTRAM. It is an honour 'longing to our house, Bequeathed down from m
there were hundreds of private cases, some of them of the most intricate and extraordinary character, in which he played a prominent part. Many startling 
ad Shall break into corruption. Thou shalt think Though he divide the realm and give thee half It is too little, helping him to all; And he shall think that thou, which knowest the way 
llent sherris is the warming of the blood; which before, cold and settled, left the liver white and pale, which is 
l of nimble, fiery, and delectable shapes; which delivered o'er to the voice, the tongue, which is the birth, becomes excellent wit. The 
 Of smoky muskets? O you leaden messengers, That ride upon the violent speed of fire, Fly with false aim; move the still-piecing air, That sings with piercing; do not touch my lord. Whoever s
ol to fall by! What cross devil Made me put this main secret in the packet I sent the King? Is there no way to cure this? No new device to beat this from his brains?
est has no pride in him! SUFFOLK. [Aside to NORFOLK] Not to speak of! I would not be so sick though for his place. But this cannot continue. NORFOL
 working out our position and planning what coast we should make for. It was a nice question, for the Cape de Verds were about five hundred miles to the north of us, and the African coast about s
; for the difference Is purchase of a heavy curse from Rome Or the light loss of England for a friend. Forgo the easier. BLANCH. That's the curse of Rome. CONSTANCE. O Lewis, stand fast! The de
s is already woven. The first consideration is to remove the pressing danger which threatens you. The second is to clear up the mystery and to p
hood. I have belied a lady, The Princess of this country, and the air on't Revengingly enfeebles me; or could this carl, A very drudge of nature's, have subdu'd me In my professio
dst, "Indeed!" And didst contract and purse thy brow together, As if thou then hadst shut up in thy brain Some horrible conceit. If thou dost love me, Sho
cute juvenal; volable and free of grace! By thy favour, sweet welkin, I must sigh in thy face; Most rude melancholy, valour gives 
s eye, As jewels in crystal for some prince to buy; Who, tend'ring their own worth from where they were glass'd, Did point you to buy them, along as you pass'd. His face's own margen
ile even one of them would cripple him to a very serious extent. My morning's work has not been wasted, since it has proved that he has the very strongest motives for standing in the way of anythin
rl. Exeunt COSTARD and JAQUENETTA NATHANIEL. Sir, you have done this in the fear of God, very religiously; and, as a certain father saith- HOLOFERNES. Sir, tell not me
most. It is a perfectly overpowering impulse, and I have more than once taken advantage of it. In the case of the Darlington substitution scandal it was of use to me, and also in the Arnsworth Cas
nies, so that it was not unnatural that when they came to settle down they should do so as near each other as possible. Turner was apparently the richer man, so McCarthy became his tenant but
air without, Thy goodly armour thus hath cost thy life. Now is my day's work done; I'll take good breath: Rest, sword; thou hast thy fill o
 golden crown like a deep well That owes two buckets, filling one another; The emptier ever dancing in the air, The other down, unseen, and full of water. That bucket down and fun of tears am I, Dri
of that consorted crew, Destruction straight shall dog them at the heels. Good uncle, help to order several powers To Oxford, or where'er these traitors are. They shall not live within t
ine honour, I lose myself; better I were not yours Than yours so branchless. But, as you requested, Yourself shall go between's. The meantime, lady, I'll raise the preparation of a war Shall stain
ders of our clime; The Empress sends it thee, thy stamp, thy seal, And bids thee christen it with thy dagger's point. AARON. Z
verence. Claud. [aside] He hath ta'en th' infection. Hold it up. Pedro. Hath she made her affection known to Benedick? Leon. No, and swears sh
I cannot with conscience take it. CAMILLO. Unbuckle, unbuckle. FLORIZEL and AUTOLYCUS exchange garments For
 this unkind shore'? What did I then but curs'd the gentle gusts, And he that loos'd them forth their brazen caves; And bid 
, nay, my kingdom's heir, As he is but my father's brother's son, Now by my sceptre's awe I make a vow, Such neighbour nearness to our sacred blood Should nothing privilege him nor
unable to cry out. These walls are thick, and it is conceivable that his shriek, if he had time to utter one, was unheard. "Having secured him, it is evident to me that a consulta
irae? Churchmen so hot? Good uncle, hide such malice; With such holiness can you do it? SUFFOLK. No malice, sir; no more than well becomes So good a quarrel and so bad a peer. GLOUCESTER. As who, my 
 Unworthy as I am, to follow you. What worser place can I beg in your love, And yet a place of high respect with me, Than to be used as you
 guess they measure by thy deeds, Then churls their thoughts (although their eyes were kind) To thy fair flower add the rank sme
while even one of them would cripple him to a very serious extent. My morning's work has not been wasted, since it has proved that he has the very strongest mo
 themselves. From this convenient retreat the watchers were being watched and the trackers tracked. That angular shadow up yonder was the bait and we were
go down and make a friend of Boss McGinty? Oh, hurry, Jack, hurry! Get your word in first, or the hounds will be on your trail." "I was thinking the same thing," s
arriage binds and blood breaks. A poor virgin, sir, an ill-favour'd thing, sir, but mine own; a poor h
de to his dinner. From his manner it struck me that he was in mortal dread of something or somebody, but when I questioned him upon the point he became so offensive that I was compelled to d
ature run from the cur? There thou mightst behold the great image of authority: a dog's obeyed in office. Thou rascal beadle, hold thy bloody hand! Why dost thou
 Holmes thrust the blue envelope deep down into the heart of them, between the leaves of some other document. The box was shut, locked, and returned to the bedroom. "Now we 
 and gone to-night. Exeunt SCENE VII. Belmont. PORTIA's house Flourish of cornets. Enter PORTIA, with the PRI
wn way, I will try to prepare a way of getting honourably out of it." "There is no honour in such a matter." "Well, well, it's just how you look at it. But if you'll give me six months, I'll work it
ude and of so mean condition May pass into the presence of a king, Lo, I present your Grace a traitor's head, The head of
 Liege in the Lowlands, in 1642. Charles' head was still firm on his shoulders when this little brown-backed volume was struck off." "Who is the printer?" "Philippe de Croy, whoever
that she could hardly live a few hours, but it would be a great consolation to her to see an English doctor, and, if I would only return, etc. The good Steiler assured me in a posts
hings were. Why should I pull her into it? She would never have a quiet moment again; but would always be imagining trouble. I fancy she knew something,
n, purpose, course, intent- And this same bias, this commodity, This bawd, this broker, this all-changing word,
come. Exeunt VOLUMNIA and VIRGILIA MENENIUS. Fie, fie, fie! Exit SCENE III. A highway between Rome and Antium Enter a 
er to such a canary. Yet there has been knights, and lords, and gentlemen, with their coaches; I warrant you, coach after coach, letter after letter, gift after gift; smelling so swee
ot offered a field for those peculiar qualities which my friend possessed in so high a degree, and which it is the object of these papers to illustrate. Some, too, have baffled 
l? Edm. Come, come! When saw you my father last? Edg. The night gone by. Edm. Spake you with him? Edg. Ay, two hours together. Edm. Parted you in good ter
 not human. Now, how on earth could you know that the stolen silver was at the bottom of that pond?" "I didn't know it." "But you told me to examine it." "You got it, then?" "Yes, I go
 from my lips; But I'll endeavour deeds to match these words, Or may I never- AJAX. Do not chafe thee, cousin; And you, Achilles, let these threats alone Till accident or purpose 
nt plague of each calamity. KING PHILIP. Bind up those tresses. O, what love I note In the fair multitude of those her hairs! Where but by a chance a s
 Shall tithe or toll in our dominions; But as we under heaven are supreme head, So, under Him that great supremacy, Where we do reign we will alone uphold, Without t
 go with his wife to Germany yesterday, but that would hardly have suited your plans, would it, sir?" "No, indeed, Martha. So long as you were here I was easy
 wife for slaughter of my son Shed seas of tears, and ne'er be satisfied! KING HENRY. How will the country for these woeful chances Misthink the King, and not be
 Mortimer his wife. 'Rivo!' says the drunkard. Call in ribs, call in tallow. Enter Falstaff, [Gadshill, Bardolph, and Peto;
fice did I break In Richard's time, and posted day and night To meet you on the way and kiss your hand When yet you were in place and in account Nothing so st
f and Love; O, then, give pity To her whose state is such that cannot choose But lend and give where she is sure to lose; That seeks not to find 
men's love. First, madam, I entreat true peace of you, Which I will purchase with my duteous service; Of you, my nobl
 affairs, unless it be to report your lord's taking of this. Receive it so. VIOLA. She took the ring of me; I'll none of it. MALVOLIO. Come, sir, you peevishly threw it to he
ece, in many places Give, me superfluous death. A noise within. Queen. Alack, what noise is this? King. Where are my Switzers? Let them guard the door. Enter 
 him off, Persuaded him from any further act; But still where danger was, still there I met him; And like rich hangings in a ho
 it is better for you to take the substantial sum which I offer than to ruin this woman's career, which can profit you in no way?" "There you make a mistake, Mr. Holmes. An expo
notes made at the time. I start then from the day which succeeded that upon which I had established two fac
lstaff bestow himself to-night in his true colours, and not ourselves be seen? POINS. Put on two leathern jerkins and aprons, and wait upon him at his table as drawers. PRINCE. From a god to a bull?
; O, spare my guiltless wife and my poor children! KEEPER, I prithee sit by me awhile; My soul is heavy, and I fain would sleep. KEEPER. I will, my lord. God give your Grace g
e no help in lamentation; I am not barren to bring forth complaints. All springs reduce their currents to mine eyes That I, being govern'd by the watery moon, May send forth p
e Cain's jawbone, that did the first murther! This might be the pate of a Politician, which this ass now o'erreaches; one that would circumvent God, might it not? Hor. It might, my l
-ere? STEPHANO. At thy request, monster, I will do reason, any reason. Come on, Trinculo, let us sing. [Sings] Flout 'em and scou
deserts. Wily and bold, he and his companion threw their pursuer off their track by entering a lodging-house in Edmonton Street and leaving by the back-ga
 lord. MORTON. Sweet Earl, divorce not wisdom from your honour. The lives of all your loving complices Lean on your health; the which, if you give o'er To stormy passion, must perforce 
ught there was something there. When I asked him what he was looking at, he told me that he had the same feel
rry; I found not Cassio's kisses on her lips. He that is robb'd, not wanting what is stol'n, Let him not know't and he's not robb'd at all. IAGO. I am sorry to hear this. OT
ng, and a lady who sleeps in the bed dies. Does not that strike you?" "I cannot as yet see any connection." "Did you observe anything very peculiar about that b
STONE. Ay, now am I in Arden; the more fool I; when I was at home I was in a better place; but travellers must be content. Enter CORI
, Diomed, To reinforcement, or we perish all. Enter NESTOR NESTOR. Go, bear Patroclus' body to Achilles, And bid the snail-pac'd Ajax arm for shame. There is a t
ie. He must not be my brother. COUNTESS. Nor I your mother? HELENA. You are my mother, madam; would you were- 
ing actors? Here on my knee I vow to God above I'll never pause again, never stand still, Till either death hath clos'd these eyes of mine Or fortune given me measure of revenge. EDWARD. O Warwick,
al," said Holmes. "We come now, however, to a point which is of importance. You may not be aware that the deduction of a man's age from his writing is one which has been
s confession. There's not one wise man among twenty, that will praise himself. Bene. An old, an old instance, Beatrice, that liv'd in the time of good neighbou
 run on, and even so stop. What surety of the world, what hope, what stay, When this was now a king, and now is clay? BASTARD. Art thou gone so? I do but stay behind To do the office for thee 
oat-pocket." Holmes opened it and smelled the single cigar which it contained. "Oh, this is an Havana, and these others are cigars of the peculiar sort which are imported b
 countrymen; yet hear me speak. ALL. Peace, ho! Hear Antony, most noble Antony! ANTONY. Why, friends, you go to do you know not what. Wherein hath Caesar thus deserved you
RCHBISHOP. 'Tis very true, Lord Bardolph; for indeed It was young Hotspur's case at Shrewsbury. LORD BARDOLPH. It was, my lord; who lin'd himself with hope, Eating the air and promise of supp
were an aspen leaf. I cannot abide swagg'rers. Enter PISTOL, BARDOLPH, and PAGE PISTOL. God save you, Sir John! FALSTAFF. Welcome, Ancient Pistol. Here, Pistol, I charg
 highway between Rome and Antium Enter a ROMAN and a VOLSCE, meeting ROMAN. I know you well, sir, and you know me; your name, I think, is Adrian. VOLSCE. It is so, s
highly may advantage thee to hear; If thou wilt not, befall what may befall, I'll speak no more but 'Vengeance rot you all!' LUCIUS. Say on; an if it please me which thou speak'st,
 orange pips in others. On receiving this the victim might either openly abjure his former ways, or might fly from the country. If he braved the 
on the inside. Naturally enough she ran down to tell the cook, and the two women with the coachman came up into the ha
And let our hearts and eyes, like civil war, Be blind with tears and break o'ercharg'd with grief. Enter FATHER, bearing of his SON FATH
-you that are new to the lodge? Stand back!" He raised his stick; but McMurdo had whipped his pistol out of hi
 divorced ANNE BULLEN, her Maid of Honour, afterwards Queen AN OLD LADY, friend to Anne Bullen PATIENCE, woman to Queen Katharine Lord Mayor, A
ow can that be? THERSITES. Why, 'a stalks up and down like a peacock-a stride and a stand; ruminaies like an hostes
ible cry to which I have ever listened. It swelled up louder and louder, a hoarse yell of pain and fear a
ange transformer of characters. Pray what is your own theory as to what took place?" "Well, really, I came to seek a theory, not to propound one. 
 are friends of mine and gentlemen of experience, but they have been out of a place for some little time, and they hoped that perhaps you might find a
t have forsworn thy colours Will follow mine, if once they see them spread; And spread they shall be, to thy foul
 A goodly city is this Antium. City, 'Tis I that made thy widows: many an heir Of these fair edifices fore my wars Have I heard groan and drop. Then know me not. Lest that thy wives w
mark. He laughed until his ears were quite red. "That would hardly do," he cried. "I don't know what he would say if I b
y cruel fate And giddy Fortune's furious fickle wheel, That goddess blind, That stands upon the rolling restless stone- FLUELLEN. By your patience, Aunchient Pistol. For
l be made an example. CLOWN. Comfort, good comfort! We must to the King and show our strange sights. He must know 'tis none of your daughter nor my sister; we are gone else. Sir
sed to do some squealing towards the end. Takes you as cramp, I fancy." "Yes, yes; it is cramp." "Well, you can hea
ath held you here, that you followed not to Leonato's? Bene. I would your Grace would constrain me to tell. Pedro. I charge thee on thy allegiance. Bene. You hear, Count Cla
ny. EROS. Come, sir. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_6 SCENE VI. Rome. CAESAR'S house Enter CAESAR, AGRIPPA, and MAECENAS CAESAR. Contemning Rome, he has done all this and more In Alexandria. Here's the ma
er had not caught hold of me and paddled for the bank. I was five months in hospital over it, and when at last I was able to limp out of it with this timber toe stra
t me use my sword, I'd make a quarry With thousands of these quarter'd slaves, as high As I could pick my lance. MENENIUS. Nay, these are almost thoroughly persuaded; For though abundan
his case, If he should scorn me so apparently. OFFICER. I do arrest you, sir; you hear the suit. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. I do obey thee till I give
RBUS. Humbly, sir, I thank you. Exeunt SCENE III. Rome. CAESAR'S house Enter ANTONY, CAESAR, OCTAVIA between them ANTONY. The world and my great office will sometimes Divide me from your bosom. 
nduce Their mediation- must I be unfolded With one that I have bred? The gods! It smites me Beneath the fall I have. [To SE
w'd Henry's corse; When scarce the blood was well wash'd from his hands Which issued from my other angel husband, And that dear saint which then I weeping follow'd- O, when, I say, I look'd on Ric
. The hunt is up, the morn is bright and grey, The fields are fragrant, and the woods are green. Uncouple here, and let us make a bay, A
to the crown, and only claim Our dukedom till God please to send the rest. MONTGOMERY. Then fare you well, for I will hence again. I came to serve a king and not a duke. Drummer, 
th That all the world shall- I will do such things- What they are yet, I know not; but they shall be The terrors of 
 me, countrymen; yet hear me speak. ALL. Peace, ho! Hear Antony, most noble Antony! ANTONY. Why, friends, you go to do you know not what. Wherein hath Ca
morrow is your appointment. Good-night; and may you have all the fortune that you deserve!' "That's just about all that passed between us, as near as I can remember. You can imagine, Dr. Watson
coming to offer you service. Ham. He that plays the king shall be welcome- his Majesty shall have tribute o
he German hunting, in water-work, is worth a thousand of these bed-hangers and these fly-bitten tapestries. Let it be ten pound, if thou canst. Come, and 'twere no
n deceived by her. "It only remains to indicate the part which she had played throughout. There can be no doubt that Stapleton exercised an influence over her which may hav
rown of France. So that, as clear as is the summer's sun, King Pepin's title, and Hugh Capet's claim, King Lewis his satisfaction, all appear To hold in right and tid
 his summer leaves all faded, By envy's hand and murder's bloody axe. Ah, Gaunt, his blood was thine! That bed, that womb,
ook not sad, Nor make replies of loathness; take the hint Which my despair proclaims. Let that be left Which
n his ear, and a lock hanging by it, and borrows money in God's name, the which he hath us'd so long and never paid that now men grow hard-hearted and will lend nothing for God's sa
me to take your stand here, and behold The Lady Anne pass from her coronation? SECOND GENTLEMAN. 'Tis all my business. At our last encounter The Duke of Buckingham came from his tri
ry." "It is not his profession, then?" "By no means. What is to me a means of livelihood is to him the merest hobby of a dilettante
ark'd with a blot, damn'd in the book of heaven. Nay, all of you that stand and look upon me Whilst that my wretchedness doth bait myself, Though some of you, with
[aside] I would I knew not why it should be slow'd.- Look, sir, here comes the lady toward my cell. Enter Juliet. Par. Happily met, my lady and my wife! Jul. That may be, sir, whe
 eliminate him entirely from our calculations. There remain the people who will actually surround Sir Henry Baskerville upon the moor." "Would it not be well in the first place to get 
which the wife, knowing that he would come straight down to the cottage, hurried the inmates out at the back door, into the grove of fir-trees, probably, which was mentioned as standing near. In thi
 heart; but he hath forgot that. FRANCIS. Why, then, cover and set them down; and see if thou canst find out Sneak's noise; Mistress Tearsheet would fain hear some music. Enter 
 dost bear With something rich about me. From that place I shall no leading need. Edg. Give me thy arm. Poor Tom shall lead thee. Exeunt. Scene II. Before the Duke of Albany's Palac
e I was, and had but this fish painted, not a holiday fool there but would give a piece of silver. There would this monster make a man; any strange beast there makes
was no change in door or window this morning, or any reason to think that any stranger had been to the house. Yet there they sat, driven cl
cted to receive favours at his hands. Assessments and taxes were enormous; the public works were notoriously neglected, the accounts were slurred over by bribe
 but commanding peace Even with the same austerity and garb As he controll'd the war; but one of these- As he hath spices of them all- not all, For I dare so far free him- made hi
, now my sovereign speaketh like himself; And now will I be Edward's champion. HASTINGS. Sound trumpet; Edward shall be here proclaim'd. Come, fellow soldier, make thou proclamation.
lgium, too." Von Bork shook his head. "I don't see how that could be. There is a definite treaty there. She could never recover from such a humilia
n me as in a kinsman. YORK. I pray you, uncle, give me this dagger. GLOUCESTER. My dagger, little cousin? With all my heart! PRINCE. A beggar, br
Lorenzo. Fare ye well awhile; I'll end my exhortation after dinner. LORENZO. Well, we will leave you then till dinner-time. I must be one of t
art of generosity And make bold power look pale- they threw their caps As they would hang them on the horns o' th' moon, Shouting their emulation. MENENIUS. 
t indeed!- Confirm'd conspiracy with fearful France; And by their hands this grace of kings must die- If hell and treason hold their promises, Er
"but he'll live now. Just open that window, and hand me the water carafe." I undid his collar, poured the cold water over h
nd my loving Montague, And all at once, once more a happy farewell. WARWICK. Farewell, sweet lords; let's meet at Coventry. Exeunt all but the KING and EXETER KING HENRY. Here 
er. Trumpets, speak! Alarums. Fight. [Edmund falls.] Alb. Save him, save him! Gon. This is mere practi
ondition, let the forfeit Be nominated for an equal pound Of your fair flesh, to be cut off and taken In what part of your body pleaset
en to indicate some course of action. Meanwhile you change nothing--nothing at all." "Very good, Mr. Holmes." "You can be perfectly easy in your mind. We shall certainly find some way out of yo
 father Of many kings. If there come truth from them (As upon thee, Macbeth, their speeches shine) Why, by the verities on thee made good, May they not be my oracle
 to one half lunatic, A mad-cap ruffian and a swearing Jack, That thinks with oaths to face the matter out. PETRUCHIO. Father, 'tis thus: yourself and all the world That ta
rn; Happiest of all is that her gentle spirit Commits itself to yours to be directed, As from her lord, her governor, her king. Myself and what is mine to you and yours Is now 
t on thy horn, It should be challeng'd. CRESSIDA. Well, well, 'tis done, 'tis past; and yet it is not; I will not keep my word. DIOMEDES. Why, then farewell; Thou never shalt mock Dio
'red in the travel of one mile? BEROWNE. We number nothing that we spend for you; Our duty is so rich, so infinite, That we may do it still without accompt. Vouchsafe to show the
ured streets beneath. My companion was in the best of spirits, and prattled away about Cremona fiddles, and the difference between a Stradivarius and an Amati. As for myself, I was silent, fo
kissed away her fears and doubts. "Sit here by me, then. It's a queer throne for such a queen; but it's the best your poor lover can find. He'll do better for
d from the shop. "We have this Beppo as a common factor, both in Kennington and in Kensington, so that is worth a ten-mile drive. Now, Watson, let us make for Gelder
 can come by. VALENTINE. By seven o'clock I'll get you such a ladder. DUKE. But, hark thee; I will go to her alone; How shall I best convey the ladder thithe
ell observe To-day in our young lords; but they may jest Till their own scorn return to them unnoted Ere they can hide their levity in ho
ords that have forsworn thy colours Will follow mine, if once they see them spread; And spread they shall be, to thy foul disgrace And utter ruin of the house of York. Thus d
assurance from Dr. Huxtable that a reward had been offered in this case. I should like to have this confirmed from your 
ch slaughter; With faces fit for masks, or rather fairer Than those for preservation cas'd or shame- Made good the passage, cried to those that fled 'Our Britain's harts die flying, 
 the grey rocks behind. At the sight there was a general reining up of horses and unslinging of guns, while fresh horsemen came galloping up to reinforce the vanguard. The wo
drink, or breathe, or live, I dare meet Surrey in a wilderness, And spit upon him whilst I say he lies, And lies, and lies. There is my bond of faith
D TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. PROLOGUE. Flourish. Enter CHORUS CHORUS. Thus with imagin'd wing our s
ne of any footmark." "Had it been raining all evening?" "Since about seven." "How is it, then, that the woman who came into the room about nine left n
n ascertained, who endeavoured to force her way into the house after the bridal party, alleging that she had some claim upon Lord St. Simon. It was only after a painful and prolonged scene that
 doubt My uncle practises more harm to me; He is afraid of me, and I of him. Is it my fault that I was Geffrey's son? No, indeed, ist not; and I would to heaven I were your son, so y
line Were harbour'd in their rude circumference. Then tell us, shall your city call us lord In that behalf which we have challeng'd it; Or shall we give the sig
am'd your wars in France. This makes bold mouths; Tongues spit their duties out, and cold hearts freeze Allegiance in them; their cur
 commandment than as guided By your own true affections; and that your minds, Pre-occupied with what you rather must do
mperor, which seemed to raise such frantic and destructive hatred in the mind of the unknown. It lay scattered in splintered shards upon the grass. H
hold. "'"Ah, my boy," said he, "it is all very well to talk, but you don't know how I am placed. But you sh
 dear'st o' th' loss. GONZALO. My lord Sebastian, The truth you speak doth lack some gentleness, And time to speak it in; you rub the sore, When you should bri
rds. You see I have given her physic, [Pointing to the NURSE] And you must needs bestow her funeral; The fields are near, and you are gallant gr
command Command, I mean, of virtuous intents, To love and honour Henry as her lord. KING HENRY. And otherwise will Henry ne'er presume. Therefore, my Lord P
lack-fac'd Clifford shook his sword at him; Nor when thy warlike father, like a child, Told the sad story of my father's death, And twenty times made pause to sob and weep That all the standers-by ha
e. Heard you not what an humble suppliant Lord Hastings was, for her delivery? GLOUCESTER. Humbly complaining to her deity Got my Lord Chamberlain his liberty. I'll tell you what-I t
e with her whole heart and soul, and never more than now. I know it. I feel it. I don't want to argue about that. A man can tell easily enough when a wom
ok at this advertisement," he answered. "I had one sent to every paper this morning immediately after the affair." He threw the paper across to me and I glanced at the place indicated. It was t
very excellent piece of villainy. And so repose, sweet gold, for their unrest [Hides the gold] That have their alms out of 
ive you three pence again- FROTH. No, indeed. POMPEY. Very well; you being then, if you be rememb'red, cracking the stones of 
s. How long is't now since last yourself and I Were in a mask? 2. Cap. By'r Lady, thirty years. Cap. What, man? 'Tis not so much, 'tis
he tree die! CYMBELINE. How now, my flesh? my child? What, mak'st thou me a dullard in this act? Wilt thou not speak
ws and limbs like to their ancestors. But, woe the while! Our fathers' minds are dead, And we are govern'd with our mothers' spirits; Our y
ght, I leaned my back against the door and laughed loud and long. I had always known that vengeance would be sweet, but I had never hoped for the contentment of sou
 comfort of thy children left; But death hath snatch'd my husband from mine arms And pluck'd two crutches from my feeble hands- Clarence and Edward. O, what cause have I- 
u make a fire, or shall I complain on thee to our mistress, whose hand- she being now at hand- thou shalt soon feel, to thy cold comfort,
l. The other night I fell asleep here behind the arras and had my pocket pick'd. This house is turn'd bawdy house; they pick pockets. Prince. What didst thou lose, Jack? Fal. Wilt
s neither fish nor flesh; a man knows not where to have her. Host. Thou art an unjust man in saying so. Thou o
 quake. THIRD MESSENGER. So you had need; for Orleans is besieg'd; The English army is grown weak and faint; The Earl of Salisbury craveth supply And hardly
es, Were he the veriest antic in the world. LORD. Go, sirrah, take them to the buttery, And give them friendly welcome every one; Let them want nothing that my house affords. Exit one with the P
ve seen thee pause and take thy breath, When that a ring of Greeks have hemm'd thee in, Like an Olympian wrestling. This have I seen; But this thy countenance, still lo
ock, Still a-repairing, ever out of frame, And never going aright, being a watch, But being watch'd that i
mouth Than it should do offense to Michael Cassio; Yet, I persuade myself, to speak the truth Shall nothing wrong him. Thus it is, general. Montano and myself being in speech, There comes a fell
rd at Christmas. My pence were duly paid, and the rest is familiar to you. I am much indebted to you, sir, for a Scotch
press. "Here, you," said Baldwin to McMurdo, "you can stand below at the door and see that the road is kept op
 shall know all about the machine.' He took a step backward, slammed the little door, and turned the key in the lock. I rushed towards it and pulled at the handle, but it was quite s
t attempt it. Come now, keep thine oath; Now be a freeman, and with this good sword, That ran through Caesar's bowels, search this bosom. Stand not to answer: here, take thou the hilts
" "Texas, I think." "I was not and am not sure which; but I knew that the ship must have an American origin." "What then?" "I searched the
liar sign which appeared to have been branded there. It was a circle with a triangle within it. "D'you know what that means?" "I neither know nor care!" "Well, you will know, I'll promise 
o the Moor TAMORA. My lovely Aaron, wherefore look'st thou sad When everything does make a gleeful boast? The birds chant melody on every bush; The snakes lie rolled in the cheerfu
ll sects, all ages, smack of this vice; and he To die for 't! Enter ANGELO ANGELO. Now, what's the matter, Provost? PROVOST. Is it your will Claudio shall d
n follow the other points," said he, "but really, in this matter of the length--" Holmes held out a small chip with the letters NN and a space o
t give you three pence again- FROTH. No, indeed. POMPEY. Very well; you being then, if you be rememb'red
 lay before him. He might have been the very spirit of that terrible place. It was not the convict. This man was far from the place where t
d running through them, responsive to every little rumour or suspicion of unsolved crime. Appreciation of nature found no place among his ma
now seem great, And all great fears, which now import their dangers, Would then be nothing. Truths would be tales, Where now half tales be truths. Her love to both Would each t
ted to a gentle bath And balms applied to you, yet dare I never Deny your asking: take your choice of those That best can aid your action. MARCIUS. Those are they That most are wi
power of attachment. Poor Sir Charles's head was of a very rare type, half Gaelic, half Ivernian in i
ail of a worthier pen, Yet what of thee thy poet doth invent, He robs thee of, and pays it thee again, He lends thee virtue
oes redeem all sorrows That ever I have felt. Kent. O my good master! Lear. Prithee away! Edg. 'Tis noble Kent, your friend. Lear. A plague upon you, murderers, traitor
s, fairs; And we that sell by gross, the Lord doth know, Have not the grace to grace it with such show. This gallant pins 
nothing at all," remarked Inspector MacDonald. "There has been many a hammer murder and no trace on the hammer." "Quite so. It doesn't prove it wasn't used. But there might have been stains, and t
rend tomb, I vow They shall be ready at your Highness' will To answer their suspicion with their lives. SAT
t at what point he entered the train it is impossible to state." "His ticket, of course, would show that." "There was no ticket in his poc
 a glance at the placid face and steadfast eyes of my companion showed that no surprise was intended. "It is useless for us to pretend that we do not know you, Dr. Watson," s
e the glint of a light in that little window beside the door." "Ah, that is the housekeeper's room. That is where old Mrs. Bernstone sits
Call your men, Mistress Ford. You dissembling knight! MRS. FORD. What, John! Robert! John! Exit ROBIN Re-enter SERVANTS Go, take up these clothes here
 and from that day he sickened to his death. What was in the letter we could never discover, but I could see as he held it that it w
o our ears with the loud music, The while I'll place you; then the boy shall sing; The holding every man shall bear as loud As his str
sin! why, Rosalind! Cupid have mercy! Not a word? ROSALIND. Not one to throw at a dog. CELIA. No, thy words are too precious to be cast away upon curs; throw some of them at m
well-filled treasure chest from which they could draw the funds to engage the best legal talent in the state. In ten long years of outrage there
I saw you." "Seven!" I answered. "Indeed, I should have thought a little more. Just a trifle more, I fancy, Watson. And in practice again, I observe. You did not t
. Your ships already are in readiness. Sennet. Flourish. Exeunt all but EXETER EXETER. Ay, we may march in England or in Franc
e stuff. STEPHANO. Be you quiet, monster. Mistress line, is not this my jerkin? Now is the jerkin under the line; now, jerkin, you are lik
am out of breath; Confusion's near; I cannot speak. You tribunes To th' people- Coriolanus, patience! Speak, good Sicinius. SICINIUS. Hear me, people; peace! PLEBEIANS. Let's
"It is a curious thing," remarked Holmes, "that a typewriter has really quite as much individuality as a man's handwriting. Unless they are quite new, 
omewhat too heavy for his strength, for in lowering it, it came down on the ground with some little violence. Instantly there broke from the grey parcel a li
ensington, and he seemed to be in a great hurry, bustling me rapidly into the cab when we had descended to the street. "I
, but deduction lets me know that when there you dispatched a telegram." "Right!" said I. "Right on both points! But I confess that I don't see how you arrived at
 he's not dangerous; He is a noble Roman and well given. CAESAR. Would he were fatter! But I fear him not, Yet if my name were liable to fear, I do not know the 
once more toward our father's. Good Lord, how bright and goodly shines the moon! KATHERINA. The moon? The sun
t not racket there; as thou hast not done a great while, because the rest of thy low countries have made a shift to eat up thy holland. And God knows whether those that bawl out of the ruins of th
the presence of a band of gipsies who are on intimate terms with this old doctor, the fact that we have every reason to believe that the doctor has an interes
NRY. Here, uncle Exeter, fill this glove with crowns, And give it to this fellow. Keep it, fellow; And wear it for an honour in thy cap Till I do challenge it. Give him the cro
 they look upon these things in a different way." "How long did she speak to this Alice?" "Oh, a few minutes. I had something else to think of." "You did not overhear what t
 her as if he had known her for years. "Yes, Mr. Holmes, it is as you say, sir. He does smoke something terrible. All day and sometimes all night, sir. I
th thee! Go thou further off; Bid me farewell, and let me hear thee going. Edg. Now fare ye well, good sir. Glou. With all my heart. Edg. [aside]. Why I do trifle thus with his despair Is do
 with--" "Is that her ring?" I asked. "The Lord be thanked!" cried the old woman; "Sally will be a glad woman this night. That's the ring." "And what may your address be?
ld my peace. DUKE. I wish you now, then; Pray you take note of it; and when you have A business for yourself, pray heaven you then Be pe
ss message." "I see. You have no explanation yourself of the tragedy?" "Possibly an accident; possibly--I only breathe it among ourselves--a suicide. Young me
n his forehead, besides a general air of dissipation which would have made his own person the fitting object of a Scotland Yard investigation. He was immensely tickled by his ow
ts to the possibilities of monomania," I answered. "There is the condition which the modern French psychologists have called the 'idée fixe,' which may be trifling
d with him in the easy, soothing tones which he knew so well how to employ. "You have come to me to tell your story, have you not?" said he. "You 
The augurer tells me we shall have news tonight. BRUTUS. Good or bad? MENENIUS. Not according to the prayer of the people, for they love not Marcius. SICINIUS. Nature tea
ll outhouse which stands near the kitchen door. As we approached it I heard the sharp rattling of a chain, and the sound as
ther. Here shall he see No enemy But winter and rough weather. JAQUES. More, more, I prithee, more. AMIENS. It will make you me
 I do well, for I am sure the Emperor Paid ere he promis'd; whereby his suit was granted Ere it was ask'd-but when the way was made, And pav'd with gold, th
ing up with the spray out of the abyss. The path has been cut half-way round the fall to afford a complete view, but it ends abruptly, and the traveler has to return as he
 the central table. This small pellet is, I presume, the black, doughy mass you spoke of. Roughly pyramidal in shape and hollowed out, I perceive. As you say, there appear 
 Decius, well urged. I think it is not meet Mark Antony, so well beloved of Caesar, Should outlive Caesar. We shall find of him A shrewd contr
. Offer me no money, I pray you; that kills my heart. CLOWN. What manner of fellow was he that robb'd you? AUTOLYCUS. A fellow, sir, that I have known to go about wit
ntemplative; And I did laugh sans intermission An hour by his dial. O noble fool! A worthy fool! Motley's the only wear. DUKE SENIOR. What fool is this? JAQ
did. EXTON. And, speaking it, he wishtly look'd on me, As who should say 'I would thou wert the man That would divorce this terror from my heart'; Meaning th
in the night. Her employers had all been in excellent spirits lately, and she had never known them more cheerful and prosperous. She had fainted with horror upon enteri
 words in your own, you should not pass here; no, though it were as virtuous to lie as to live chastely. Therefore go back. MENENIUS. Prithee, fellow, remember my name is Menenius, always faction
mself a king. LUCIUS. I am sorry, Cymbeline, That I am to pronounce Augustus Caesar- Caesar, that hath moe kings his ser
ake him aside. OLIVIA. What would my lord, but that he may not have, Wherein Olivia may seem serviceable? Cesario, you do not keep promise with me. VIOLA. Madam? DUKE. Gracious Olivia- OL
he garden, without discovering its whereabouts. It was maddening to think that the hiding-place was on his very lips at the moment that he died. We could ju
n the visitation of the winds, Who take the ruffian billows by the top, Curling their monstrous heads, and hanging them With deafi
hen Warwick bent his brow? Lo now my glory smear'd in dust and blood! My parks, my walks, my manors, that I had, Even now forsake me; and of all my lands Is nothing left me but my body's le
y, and your lives; And so, farewell, for I must hence again. Exeunt SCENE VI. London. Cannon street Enter JACK CADE and the rest, and strikes his staff on London S
 the gift hath made me happy. I now beseech you, for your daughter's sake, To grant one boon that I shall ask of you. DUKE. I grant it for thine own, whate'er it be. VALENTINE. These banish'd men, t
. "I am sorry that I have not been able to bring your Majesty's business to a more successful conclusion." "On the contrary, my dear sir," cried the King; "nothing could be more s
." "Why?" "Look at this advertisement," he answered. "I had one sent to every paper this morning immediately after the affair." He threw the paper across to me and I glanced at the place indic
how comes it that none are brought to justice? You answer me that, Ettie!" "Because no witness dares to appear against them. He would not live a month if he did. Also because they have always their o
s miseries, Britain be fortunate and flourish in peace and plenty.' Thou, Leonatus, art the lion's whelp; The fit and apt construction of thy name, Being Leo-natus, doth impo
most loving mere folly. Then, heigh-ho, the holly! This life is most jolly. Freeze, freeze, thou bitter sky, That dost not bite so nigh As benefits forgot; Though thou the waters w
s affection should not then Have nick'd his captainship, at such a point, When half to half the world oppos'd, he being The mered question. 'Twas a
fortunate pony, the weird sound which had been associated with the grim legend of the Baskervilles, all these things tinged my thoughts with sadness. Then on the top of these more or less vague 
l them so. CAESAR. The cause is in my will: I will not come, That is enough to satisfy the Senate. But, for your private satisfaction, Because
old building, so I will confine my account of it to saying that it is built in the shape of an L, the long arm being the more modern portion, and the short
ave known my place. I see no sense for't, But his occasions might have woo'd me first; For, in my conscience, I was the first man That e'er received gift from him. And does he think 
ay we might perhaps be doing better work in London." "I rather think not," said Holmes. "Hang it all, Mr. Holmes!" crie
 me have him home with me. ABBESS. Be patient; for I will not let him stir Till I have us'd the approved means I have, With
ief?" "We have just come from his house." "The place is disorganized. The chief dead, Cadogan West dead, our papers stolen. And
gs, markets, fairs; And we that sell by gross, the Lord doth know, Have not the grace to grace it with such show. This gallant pins the wenches on his sleeve; H
ching out and running through them, responsive to every little rumour or suspicion of unsolved crime. Appreciation of nature found no place among his many gifts, and
s that to me belong Have emptied all their fountains in my well, And mine I pour your ocean all among. I strong o'er them, and you o'er me being strong, Must for your victory us all congest,
azed about him. "Nor from below," said Mr. Merryweather, striking his stick upon the flags which lined the floor. "
ore. COSTARD. Sir, the contempts thereof are as touching me. KING. A letter from the magnificent Armado. BEROWNE. How low soever the matter, I ho
 her deck. One man sat by the stern, with something black between his knees over which he stooped. Beside him lay a dark mass which looked like a N
 here are letters for you. Hot. I cannot read them now.- O gentlemen, the time of life is short! To spend that shortness basely were too long If life did ride upon a dial's point, Still 
ld, perhaps? CLAUDIO. Unhappily, even so. And the new deputy now for the Duke- Whether it be the fault and glimpse of newness, Or whether that the 
rrested for it, Master Brook. MRS. FORD. Sir John, we have had ill luck; we could never meet. I will never take you for my love aga
t thou, Jack? Fal. The other night I fell asleep here behind the arras and had my pocket pick'd. This house is turn'd bawdy house; they pick pockets. Prince. What didst t
retching out and running through them, responsive to every little rumor or suspicion of unsolved crime. Appreciation of Nature found no place among his many g
field Gardens, Kensington. The latter was known to be in town on Monday and is now reported as having left. Glad to hear you have seen some light. The Cabinet awaits your final report with t
f the Dale. COLVILLE. Are not you Sir John Falstaff? FALSTAFF. As good a man as he, sir, whoe'er I am. Do you yield, sir, or shall
il'd, divorced, wronged, spited, slain! Most detestable Death, by thee beguil'd, By cruel cruel thee quite overthrown! O love! O life! not life, but love in death Cap. Despis'd, distr
ke my vouch as strong As shore of rock. Attend: this holy fox, Or wolf, or both-for he is equal rav'nous As he is subtle, and as prone to mischief As able to perform't, his 
ects to causes. I have written to Lestrade asking him to supply us with the details which are now wanting, and which he will only get 
ery good! excellent! HOST. Peace, I say. Hear mine host of the Garter. Am I politic? am I subtle? am I a Machiavel? Shall I lose my 
as serious as its complete loss, for there are no beryls in the world to match these, and it would be impossible to replace them. I leave it with you, however, with every confidence, and I shall 
f God and all these rights, Advance your standards, draw your willing swords. For me, the ransom of my bold attempt Shall be this cold corpse on the earth's cold face; But if I thrive, the ga
the unfortunate pony, the weird sound which had been associated with the grim legend of the Baskervilles, all these things tinged my thoughts with sadness. Then on the top of these more or
hat were mine, I say, or chang'd 'em, Or else new form'd 'em; having both the key Of officer and office, set all hearts i' th' state To what tune ple
imply detailed the circumstances, and said that we should be glad of any information which could help us." "You did not ask for particulars on any point which 
and, who was standing, gray-whiskered and red-faced, outside the gate of his garden, which opened on to the high road along which I travelled. "Good-day, 
r alive,' she cried, with a proper spirit. 'There is a God in Heaven, Mr. Holmes, and that same God who has punished that wicked man will show in His 
ires most that Which would increase his evil. He that depends Upon your favours swims with fins of lead, And hews down oaks with r
nce, sir, the fool hath much pined away. Lear. No more of that; I have noted it well. Go you and tell my daughter I would speak with her. [Exit Knight.] Go you, call hither my f
's here? 'Silvia, this night I will enfranchise thee.' 'Tis so; and here's the ladder for the purpose. Why, Phaethon- for thou art Merops' son- Wilt tho
uld of course instantly strike him that he must get rid of the tell-tale garments. He would seize the coat, then, and be in the act of throwing it out, when it would occur to hi
of vent. Peace is a very apoplexy, lethargy; mull'd, deaf, sleepy, insensible; a getter of more bastard children than war's a destroyer of men. SECOND SERVANT. 'Tis so; and as war in some sort may b
 she's in a wrong belief, I go to certify her Talbot's here. Re-enter PORTER With keys COUNTESS. If thou be he, then art thou prisoner. TALBOT. Prisoner! To whom? COUNTE
RINCE. O, pardon me, my liege! But for my tears, The moist impediments unto my speech, I had forestall'd this dear and deep rebuke Ere you with grief had spoke and I had heard The
him. Hide fox, and all after. Exeunt. Scene III. Elsinore. A room in the Castle. Enter King. King. I have sent to seek him and to find the body. How 
 I thought. How many, as you guess? MESSENGER. Of thirty sail; and now they do re-stem Their backward course, bearing with frank appearance Their purposes toward Cyprus. Signior Montano, Your trust
ce of the best rank and station Are most select and generous, chief in that. Neither a borrower nor a lender be; For loan oft loses both itself and friend, And borrowing dulls the edge of
e posse.' Well, to the rest: 'Tell me what fate awaits the Duke of Suffolk?' 'By water shall he die and take his end.' 'What shall beti
ells last night, and you were in general agreement with our results. What has happened since then to give you a completely new idea of the case?" "Well, since you ask me, 
om zeal and charity brought to the field As God's own soldier, rounded in the ear With that same purpose-changer, that sly devil, That broker that s
e is such abundance. COUNTESS. What hope is there of his Majesty's amendment? LAFEU. He hath abandon'd his physicians, madam; under whose practices he hath persecute
wife, and fetch your money. ANGELO. Come, come, you know I gave it you even now. Either send the chain or send by me some token. ANTIPHOLUS OF EP
E. My lord, this is one Lucio's information against me. Mistress Kate Keepdown was with child by him in the Duke's time; he promis'd her marriage. His child is 
 thus much more, that no Italian priest Shall tithe or toll in our dominions; But as we under heaven are supreme head, So, under Him that g
er own shall bless her: Her foes shake like a field of beaten corn, And hang their heads with sorrow. Good grows with her; 
s not so good. 'Tis a good silling, I warrant you, or I will change it. Enter an ENGLISH HERALD KING HENRY. Now, herald, are the dead numb'red? HERALD. Here is the number of the slaught'red 
 I view'd. EDWARD. Sweet Duke of York, our prop to lean upon, Now thou art gone, we have no staff, no stay. O Clifford, boi
hours crawled by, and yet we were helped through it by the same sort of patient interest which the hunter must feel as he watches the trap into which he hopes the game may wander. One struck, and
 action did outsell her gift, And yet enrich'd it too. She gave it me, and said She priz'd it once. POSTHUMUS. May be she pluck'd it of To send it me. IACHIMO. She writes
s yet with me, And I, hence fleeting, here remain with thee. Away! Exeunt SCENE IV. Rome. CAESAR'S house Enter OCTAVIUS CAESAR, reading a letter; LEPIDUS, and their train
ear you'll prove. PROTEUS. 'Tis love you cavil at; I am not Love. VALENTINE. Love is your master, for he masters you; 
my nature. So kind a father!- Be my horses ready? Fool. Thy asses are gone about 'em. The reason why the seven stars are no moe than seven is a pretty reason. Lear. Because they a
him. "By the way," said he to Joseph Harrison, "you found some place, I understand, where the fellow scaled the fence. Let
. I cannot tell. Perhaps you have yourself formed some opinion?" "Well, there seems to me to be only one possible solution. Mr. Rucastle seemed to be a very kind, good-n
d afterward you know. And so, gentlemen, you can do what you please; but I've told you the truth and the whole truth, so help me God! What I ask you now is how do I stand by the
ities that something serious was afoot. On reaching the Manor House, the sergeant had found the drawbridge down, the windows lighted up, and the whole household in a state of wil
ht Made it a fool and beggar. The two kings, Equal in lustre, were now best, now worst, As presence did present them: h
d me to her; I will not fail her. QUICKLY. Why, you say well. But I have another messenger to your worship. Mistress Page hath her hearty commendations to you too; and let me tell you in your ea
nd would usurp upon my wat'ry eyes And make them blind with tributary tears. Then which way shall I find Revenge's cave? For these two heads do seem to speak to me, And threat me I shall never co
 a case, Some words there grew 'twixt Somerset and me; Among which terms he us'd his lavish tongue And did upbraid me with my father's death; Which obloquy set bars before my tongue, Else with the li
s, and away he shall again. Sound a sennet. The King is coming. Enter one bearing a coronet; then Lear; then the Dukes of Albany and Cornwall; next, Goneril, Regan, Cordelia, with Followers
the brain act that I believe I had thought this all out before Professor Moriarty had reached the bottom of the Reichenbach Fall. "I stood up and examined the rocky wal
s being seven ages. At first the infant, Mewling and puking in the nurse's arms; Then the whining school-boy, with his satchel And shining morning face, creeping like snail Un
 the step of Mrs. Douglas, and I could not let her enter the room. It would have been too horrible." "Horrible enough!" said the doctor, lookin
to Birmingham that I was able to learn what the trouble was which had driven him to Sherlock Holmes. "We have a clear run here of seventy minutes," Holmes r
Yet showed his visage by that cost more dear; And nice affections wavering stood in doubt If best were as it was, or best without. 'His qualities
A. I am paid for't now. Lead me from hence, I faint. O Iras, Charmian! 'Tis no matter. Go to the fellow, good Alexas; bid him Report the feature of Octavia, her years, Her inclination; 
k'ning in his eye. Well, Angelo, your evil quits you well. Look that you love your wife; her worth worth yours. I find an apt remission in mysel
CATESBY. I'll signify so much unto him straight. Exit BUCKINGHAM. Ah ha, my lord, this prince is not an Edward! He is no
 assistance. If I fail I shall, of course, incur all the blame due to this omission; but that I am prepared for. At present I am ready to promise that th
And he but naked, though lock'd up in steel, Whose conscience with injustice is corrupted. [A noise within] QUEEN. What noise is thi
Road, and within a few hundred yards of Morse Hudson's shop, there lives a well-known medical practitioner, named Dr. Barnicot, who has one of the largest practice
y coroner asked me at the inquiry. It is my strong impression that I heard it, and yet, among the crash of the gale and the creaking of an old house, I may possibly have been deceived." "W
ir which serves and seeks for gain, And follows but for form, Will pack when it begins to rain And leave thee in the storm. But I will tarry; the fool will stay, And let the wise man fly. The knave
ou visible god, That sold'rest close impossibilities, And mak'st them kiss! that speak'st with every tongue To every purpose! O thou touch of hearts! Think thy slave man rebels, and by thy vi
ly through the introduction of old fellow-students, for during my last years at the University there was a good deal of talk there about myself and my methods. The third of these cases
nd she is mine; and all my right of her I do estate unto Demetrius. LYSANDER. I am, my lord, as well deriv'd as he, As well possess'd; my
shall be contented. Must he lose The name of king? A God's name, let it go. I'll give my jewels for a set of beads, My gorgeous palace for a hermitag
, which of course would be necessary in order that he should reach the ventilator. The sight of the safe, the saucer of milk, and the loop of whipcord were enough t
light, And, as thou seest, ourselves in heavy plight. LEWIS. Renowned Queen, with patience calm the storm, While we bethink a means to break it off. QUEEN MARGARET. The more we stay, the stronger g
as lived in quiet ever since, knowing well that if the Brotherhood knew where he was not a week would pass before justice would be done." The old man reach
 million human beings all jostling each other within the space of a few square miles. Amid the action and reaction of so dense a swarm of human
y; We, having now the best at Barnet field, Will thither straight, for willingness rids way; And as we march our strength will be augmented In every county as we 
, father; I Am heir to my affection. CAMILLO. Be advis'd. FLORIZEL. I am- and by my fancy; if my reason Will thereto be obedient, I have reason; If not, my senses, better pleas'd with
d assay, proud queen, to make thee blush. To tell thee whence thou cam'st, of whom deriv'd, Were shame enough to shame thee, wert thou not shameless. Thy father bears the type of King of Naples, 
e agent murdered him, took the more essential papers, and threw his body from the carriage. That would account for everything, would it not?
al robberies brought about for the sake of this forty-grain weight of crystallised charcoal. Who would think that so pretty a toy would be a purveyor to th
 why, then I'll tell her plain She sings as sweetly as a nightingale. Say that she frown; I'll say she looks as clear As morning roses newly wash'd with dew. Say she be mute, and 
ol myself to let imagination jade me; for every reason excites to this, that my lady loves me. She did commend my yellow stockings of late, she did praise my leg being cross-gart
ever seen him! DESDEMONA. So would not I. My love doth so approve him, That even his stubbornness, his checks, his frowns- Prithee, unp
 noon: Unlooked on diest unless thou get a son. 8 Music to hear, why hear'st thou music sadly? Sweets with sweets war no
on may one day smile again; and till then, sit thee down, sorrow. Exeunt SCENE II. The park Enter ARMADO and MOTH, his page ARMADO. Boy, what sign is it when a man
balm'd thy broken senses, Which, if convenience will not allow, Stand in hard cure. [To the Fool] Come, help to bear thy master. Thou must not stay behind. Glou. Come, come, away! Exeu
om of Lancaster. To this we swore our aid. But in short space It it rain'd down fortune show'ring on your head, And such a flood of greatness fell on you- What with our help, wh
r?" "There is an appalling directness about your questions, Watson," said Holmes, shaking his pipe at me. "They come at me like bullets. If you put it that Mrs. Douglas and Barker know the tru
w's battle. Here is a letter from Queen Hecuba, A token from her daughter, my fair love, Both taxing me and gaging me to keep An oath that I hav
 with her the photograph which had probably been demanded from her. In the midst of this interview the maid rushed in to say that the master had co
shall go with him; her mother hath intended The better to denote her to the doctor- For they must all be mask'd and vizarded- That quaint in green she shall be loose enrob'd, With riba
ly, sheathed knife. Finally he unravelled a bundle of clothing, comprising a complete set of underclothes, socks, a gray tweed suit, and a short yellow overcoat. "The clothes are commonplac
als. Her initials were L. L." "How do you know this, Barrymore?" "Well, Sir Henry, your uncle had a letter that morning. He had usually a great many letters, for he was a public 
ining of suits, whereof the hangman hath no lean wardrobe. 'Sblood, I am as melancholy as a gib-cat or a lugg'd bear. Prince. Or an old lion, or a lover's lute. Fal. Yea, or the drone of a Lincol
e small competence he possessed, eked out by such employment as he could pick up, he travelled from town to town through the United States in quest of his enemies. Year passed in
ath but as offended in a dream! All sects, all ages, smack of this vice; and he To die for 't! Enter ANGELO ANGELO. Now, what's the matter, Provost? PROVOST. Is it your will Claudio shall die to
ather not be the man that crossed him!" He was cordial and intimate with Douglas, and he was no less friendly with his wife--a friendship which more than onc
 Your shoes is not so good. 'Tis a good silling, I warrant you, or I will change it. Enter an ENGLISH HERALD KING HENRY. Now, herald, are the dead numb'red? HERALD. Here is the number 
s high; and the very same day did I fight with one Sampson Stockfish, a fruiterer, behind Gray's Inn. Jesu, Jesu, the mad days that I have spent! and to
profited return. VIOLA. Say I do speak with her, my lord, what then? DUKE. O, then unfold the passion of my love, Surprise her with discourse of my de
d Protector. QUEEN ELIZABETH. The Lord protect him from that kingly title! Hath he set bounds between their love and me? I am their mo
ering days. And do so love, yet when they have devised, What strained touches rhetoric can lend, Thou truly fair, wert truly sympathized, In true plain words, by thy true-telling friend. And
es abroad. I should be still Plucking the grass to know where sits the wind, Peering in maps for ports, and piers, and roads; And
eeking for Richmond in the throat of death. Rescue, fair lord, or else the day is lost. Alarums. Enter KING RICHARD KING R
as indeed like old times when, at that hour, I found myself seated beside him in a hansom, my revolver in my pocket and the thrill of adventure in my heart. Holme
arried yesterday--that's what those flags are for on the Endowment House. There was some words between young Drebber and young Sta
g; for this is no oath: Thy George, profan'd, hath lost his lordly honour; Thy garter, blemish'd, pawn'd his knightly virtue; Thy crown, usurp'd, disgrac'd his 
story of that baleful burning night, When subtle Greeks surpris'd King Priam's Troy. Tell us what Sinon hath bewitch'd our ears, Or who hath brought the fatal engine in That gives our
r lure. Another way I have to man my haggard, To make her come, and know her keeper's call, That is, to watch her, as we watch these kites That bate and beat,
wallow'd in the flood; Yet lives our pilot still. Is't meet that he Should leave the helm and, like a fearful lad, With tearful eyes add water to the sea And gi
 the house another day and was starting that very afternoon to rejoin her family at St. Ives. We ascended the stairs and viewed the body. Miss Brenda Tregennis had 
ged to convert a large part of his property into money, and that he had departed a wealthy man, while his companion, Stangerson, was comparativ
at trifles. Think of Mycroft's note, of the Admiralty, the Cabinet, the exalted person who waits for news. We are bound to go." My answer was to rise from the table. "You are right, Holmes. We a
ence by your strange lunacy. O noble lord, bethink thee of thy birth! Call home thy ancient thoughts from banishment, And banish hence these abject lowly dreams. Look how thy servants do attend on th
, They take for natural father. The game is up. Exit SCENE IV. Wales, near Milford Haven Enter PISANIO and IMOGEN IMOGEN. Thou told'st me, when we came from horse, the place Was near at hand. 
speak with possibility, And do not break into these deep extremes. TITUS. Is not my sorrow deep, having no bottom? Then be my passions bottomless with them. MARCUS. But yet let reas
ld, so we may all be safe. AARON. Then sit we down and let us all consult. My son and I will have the wind of you: Keep there; now talk at pleasure of your safety. [They sit
hed with anger. "What sort of proposal is that to make a man? I know enough of law to understand that Mary would be had as accomplice. Do you think I would leave her alone to fa
 worse than none; better have none Than plural faith, which is too much by one. Thou counterfeit to thy true friend! PROTEUS. In love, Who respects friend? SI
o sugar. JAQUES. [Aside] A material fool! AUDREY. Well, I am not fair; and therefore I pray the gods make me honest. TOUCHSTONE. Truly, and to cast away honesty upon a foul slut were t
 yourself to hazard ere you have them. DAUPHIN. 'Tis midnight; I'll go arm myself. Exit ORLEANS. The Dauphin longs for morning. RAMBURES. He longs to eat the English. CON
they say there is divinity in odd numbers, either in nativity, chance, or death. Away. QUICKLY. I'll provide you a chain, and I'll do what I can to get you a pair of 
 Brave me upon the watch, whereon it came That I was cast. And even but now he spake After long seeming dead, Iago hurt him, Iago set him on. LODOVICO. You must forsake this room, and go with
upon, as if the tragedy Were play'd in jest by counterfeiting actors? Here on my knee I vow to God above I'll never pause again, never stand still, Till either death
. O blood-bespotted Neapolitan, Outcast of Naples, England's bloody scourge! The sons of York, thy betters in their birth, Shall be their father's bail; and bane to those That for my surety will re
I knew they were bound to make a move." "What cable?" Carruthers took a telegram from his pocket. "That's it," said he. It was short and concise: The old man is dead. "Hum!" said Holmes.
wench; I love her ten times more than e'er I did. O, how I long to have some chat with her! BAPTISTA. Well, go with me, and be not so discomfited; Proceed in practice with my younger daughter; S
triumph. Go, And with your speediest bring us what she says, And how you find her. PROCULEIUS. Caesar, I shall. Exit CAESAR. Gallus, go you along. Exit GALLUS Where's Dolabe
 pretty stubborn one, so I just held on and bided my time. "At last it seemed to me to have come. I was changed from Agra to Madras, and from there to Blair Island in the Andamans. There
o draw the inward quality after them, To suffer all alike. That he should dream, Knowing all measures, the full Caesar will Answer his emptiness! Caesar, thou hast subdu'd His j
both baked in this pie, Whereof their mother daintily hath fed, Eating the flesh that she herself hath bred. 'Tis true, 'tis true: witness my knife's sharp point. [He stabs the EM
 been heard of my unfortunate father. He came home with his heart full of hope, to find some peace, some comfort, and instead--" She put her hand to her throat, and a choking so
, my love? CLEOPATRA. Perchance? Nay, and most like, You must not stay here longer; your dismission Is come from Caesar; therefore hear it, Antony. Where's Fulvia's process? Caesar's I wo
. I love thee; I have spoke it. How much the quantity, the weight as much As I do love my father. BELARIUS. What? how? how? ARVIRAGUS. If it be sin to say so, sir
 on him. SICINIUS. Say you chose him More after our commandment than as guided By your own true affections; and that your minds, Pre-occupied with what you rath
ar'd host, And faintly through a rusty beaver peeps. The horsemen sit like fixed candlesticks With torch-staves in their hand; and their poor jades Lob dow
 the time-bettering days. And do so love, yet when they have devised, What strained touches rhetoric can lend, Thou truly fair, wert truly sympathized, In true plain words, by
ance and a broken heart. "Then came the downfall of the tyrant. He escaped as you have just described. But the many whose lives he had ruined, whose near
lf-possessed to a remarkable degree, very different from the tragic and distracted figure I had pictured. It is true that her face was pale and drawn, like that of one who has endur
on'd. [Dies.] Ham. O villany! Ho! let the door be lock'd. Treachery! Seek it out. [Laertes falls.] Laer. It is here, Hamlet. Hamlet, thou art slain; No medicine in the world can do 
s all over the place. A mole could trace it, and there it vanishes among the reeds. Oh, how simple it would all have been had I been here before they cam
 in amazement. "Curse you!" he cried. "Who are you to interfere--you that are new to the lodge? Stand back!" He raised his stick; but McMurdo had whipped his pistol out of his 
as telling the truth. He gathered her into his arms and kissed away her fears and doubts. "Sit here by me, then. It's a queer throne for such a queen; but it's the best your poor lover can find. 
Arthur, claim this land for mine; And, now it is half-conquer'd, must I back Because that John hath made his peace with Rome? Am I Rome's slave? What penny hath Rome borne, What men provided, what 
ll, my dove! Laer. Hadst thou thy wits, and didst persuade revenge, It could not move thus. Oph. You must sing 'A-down a-down, and you call him a-down
 the comparison May stand more proper, my eye shall be the stream And wat'ry death-bed for him. He may win; And what is music then? Then music is Even as the flourish when true subjects b
performing night, That runaway eyes may wink, and Romeo Leap to these arms untalk'd of and unseen. Lovers can see to do their amorous rites By their own beau
ep across, Mr. Holmes." "The fates are against you, Watson," said he, laughing. "We were chatting about the matter when you came in, Inspector. Perhaps you can let us have a few detail
. We have a clear month before us; at the end of that, I guess we had best shin out of Utah." "Leave Utah!" "That's about the size of it." "But the f
luge, overflow'd and drown'd; For why my bowels cannot hide her woes, But like a drunkard must I vomit them. Then give me leave; for losers will have leave To ease their stomachs with 
can feed on the air, I am one that am nourish'd by my victuals, and would fain have meat. O, be not like your mistress! Be moved, be moved. Exeunt 
bunting. BERTRAM. I do assure you, my lord, he is very great in knowledge, and accordingly valiant. LAFEU. I have then sinn'd against his experience and transgress'd agai
t you word she was dead; But fearing since how it might work, hath sent Me to proclaim the truth; and I am come, I dread, too late. ANTONY. Too late, good Diome
e course which has seemed right to me. I had quite high words with him last night. You cannot imagine what a terrible fellow he is when he is angry." "If we ar
t had a rougher task in hand Than to drive liking to the name of love; But now I am return'd and that war-thoughts Have left their places vacant, in their rooms
, but not in earth. ANGELO. Say you so? Then I shall pose you quickly. Which had you rather- that the most just law Now took your brother's life; or, to redeem him, Give up your body to such sweet 
noble youth, The serpent that did sting thy father's life Now wears his crown. Ham. O my prophetic soul! My uncle? Ghost. Ay, that incestuous, that 
s of the matter. Is this fellow's temper so formidable, or what is it? Don't be mealy-mouthed about it." "It is not easy to express the inexpressible," he answered with a laugh. "Holmes is a littl
nd I wish, my liege, You had only in your silent judgment tried it, Without more overture. LEONTES. How could that be? Either thou art most ignorant by age, Or thou wert born a fool. Camillo's flight
ing him to me Where I will write. All may be well enough. CHARMIAN. I warrant you, madam. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_4 SCENE IV. Athens. ANTONY'S house Enter ANTONY and OCTAVIA ANTONY. Nay, nay, Octavia,
NY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1593 KING RICHARD III by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae EDWARD THE FOURTH Sons to the King EDWARD, PRINCE OF WALES afterwards KIN
ee, Bottom, bless thee! Thou art translated. Exit BOTTOM. I see their knavery: this is to make an ass of me; to fright me, if they could. But I will not stir from this place, do what they can; I wil
ate. I see them lay their heads together to surprise me. My sword make way for me for here is no staying. In despite of the devils and hell, have through the very middest of you! and heavens and hon
r'd, as ever I heard bullcalf. What a slave art thou to hack thy sword as thou hast done, and then say it was in fight! What trick, what device, what start
? This I must do, or know not what to do; Yet this I will not do, do how I can. I rather will subject me to the malice Of a diverted blood and bloody brother. ADAM. But do not so. I have five 
and unprofitable." "And yet I am not convinced of it," I answered. "The cases which come to light in the papers are, as a rule, bald enough, and vulgar enough
 it was some time coming. The old gentleman could not be decoyed outside of his grounds at night. Several times Stapleton lurked about with his hound, but without avail. It was during thes
ungs, bladders full of imposthume, sciaticas, limekilns i' th' palm, incurable bone-ache, and the rivelled fee- simple of the tetter, take and take again such preposterous discoveries! PATRO
to him; but before putting it on he examined his right arm, which still smarted heavily. There on the flesh of the forearm was a circle with a triangle within it, deep and red, as the branding iron h
ain. I will not meet with you to-morrow night. I prithee, Diomed, visit me no more. THERSITES. Now she sharpens. Well said, whetstone. DIOMEDES. I shall have it. CRESSIDA. What, this? DIOMED
we particularly desire to avoid." "And why, sir?" "Because the document in question is of such immense importance that its publication might very easily--I might almost
efore I have begun, For sorrow ends not when it seemeth done. Commend me to thy brother, Edmund York. Lo, this is all- nay, yet depart not so; Though this be all, do not so quickly go; I shal
u undertake To show yourself your father's son in deed More than in words? Laer. To cut his throat i' th' church! King. No place indeed should murther sanctuarize; Revenge should
 spit, yea, and have cleft his club to make the fire too. Come, talk not of her. You shall find her the infernal Ate in good apparel. I would to God some scholar would conjure her
act of parliament be repeal'd Whereby my son is disinherited. The northern lords that have forsworn thy colours Will follow mine, if once they see them spread; And spread they sh
d danger which hung around him made him the very worst tenant in London. On the other hand, his payments were princely. I have no doubt that the house might have been purchased at the price wh
s wedding-ring." He held it out, as he spoke, upon the palm of his hand. We all gathered round him and gazed at it. There could be no doubt that that circlet of
ES. Now let us on, my lords, and join our powers, And seek how we may prejudice the foe. Exeunt SCENE 4. Paris. The palace Enter the KING, GLOUCESTER, WINCHESTER, YORK, SUFFOLK, SOM
o less Than was his loss, to course your flying flags And leave his navy gazing. CLEOPATRA. Prithee, peace. Enter EUPHRONIUS, the Ambassador; with ANTONY ANTONY. Is t
OMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE I. PETRUCHIO'S country house Enter GRUMIO GRUMIO. Fie, fie on all tired jades,
ioning me to do the same. It was only when I had joined him there that I heard what had alarmed his quicker senses. There was a noise somewhere within the house. A door slammed in the distance. T
ontraction? A quarter of an hour, not less. Then he tossed it down and seized the next. He was in the midst of that when your return caused him to make a very hurried retreat--very hu
treet was deserted save for one or two revellers upon their way home. The party crossed the road, and, pushing open the door of the newspaper office, Baldwin and his men rushed in and 
s. I like you, lads; about your business straight; Go, go, dispatch. FIRST MURDERER. We will, my noble lord. Exeunt SCENE 4. London. The Tower Enter CLARENCE and KEEPER KEEPER. Why looks your
th ease and idleness, Till I have set a glory to this hand By giving it the worship of revenge. PEMBROKE. and BIGOT. Our souls religiously confirm thy words. Enter HUBERT HUBERT. Lords, I am h
yed. Formerly 1st Bengalore Pioneers. Born London, 1840. Son of Sir Augustus Moran, C.B., once British Minister to Persia. Educated Eton and Oxford. Served in Jowaki Campaign, Afghan Campai
that everything is kept exactly as I have found it, but I beg you not to lose an instant, as it is difficult to leave Sir Eustace there. "Yours faithfully, "Stanley Hopkins." "Hopkins has called me 
that Captain Morstan was staying there, but that he had gone out the night before and had not yet returned. I waited all day without news of him. That night, on the advice of the manager of the
 brother? YORK. Well, my dread lord; so must I can you now. PRINCE. Ay brother, to our grief, as it is yours. Too late he died that might have kept
 by the words of Holmes and by the eagerness with which the baronet hailed me as a companion. "I will come, with pleasure," said I. "I do not know how I could employ my time better.
 bygones be bygones," he whispered. "I'll put the words out of my head--I swear I will. Only cure me, and I'll f
 enough for all our hands; Scarce blood enough in all their sickly veins To give each naked curtle-axe a stain That our French gallants shall to-day draw out, And sheathe for lack of
 in his hand. With a short greeting he seated himself and lit the cigar which had been offered to him. "What's up, then?" asked Holmes with a twinkle in his eye
 in thy throat, And in thy hateful lungs, yea, in thy maw, perdy; And, which is worse, within thy nast
 signior? Bene. To bind me, or undo me--one of them. Signior Leonato, truth it is, good signior, Your niece regards me with an eye of favour. Leon. That eye my daugh
 today. Cannot, is false, and that I dare not, falser: I will not come today. Tell them so, Decius. CALPURNIA. Say he is sick. CAESAR. 
 villain? ORLANDO. I am no villain; I am the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys. He was my father; and he is thrice a villa
 yours, Metellus; Yours, Cinna; and, my valiant Casca, yours; Though last, not least in love, yours, good Treb
. Bene. I will not desire that. Beat. You have no reason. I do it freely. Bene. Surely I do believe your fair cousin
? Hero. So says the Prince, and my new-trothed lord. Urs. And did they bid you tell her of it, madam? Hero. They did entreat me to acq
DEMONA. Come on, assay- There's one gone to the harbor? IAGO. Ay, madam. DESDEMONA. I am not merry, but I do beguile The thing I am by seeming otherwise. Come, how
HARINE. Sir, I most humbly pray you to deliver This to my lord the King. CAPUCIUS. Most willing, madam. KATHARINE. In whi
MMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> THE COMEDY OF ERRORS ACT I. SCENE 1
Within] Who calls? DIOMEDES. Diomed. Calchas, I think. Where's your daughter? CALCHAS. [Within] She comes to you. Enter TROILUS and ULYSSES, at a distance; after t
already to the Emperor How it goes here. It fits us therefore ripely Our chariots and our horsemen be in readiness. The pow'rs that he already hath in Galli
answer'd? What if my house be troubled with a rat, And I be pleas'd to give ten thousand ducats To have it ban'd? What, are you answer'd yet?
e would be no reason in his eyes why the finding of the ring should be connected with the murder. He would come. He will come. You shall
ere he rose to be a colonel. When Lee laid down his arms my uncle returned to his plantation, where he rem
handled the Molesey Mystery with less than your usual--that's to say, you handled it fairly well." We had all risen to our feet, our prisoner breathing hard, with a
he proud soul ne'er pays but to the proud. Wor. Our house, my sovereign liege, little deserves The scourge of 
his was my dream; what it doth bode God knows. DUCHESS. Tut, this was nothing but an argument That he that breaks a stick of Gloucester's 
ningham saw him from the back passage. It was quarter to twelve when the alarm broke out. Mr. Cunningham had just got into bed, and Mr. Alec was smoking a pipe in his dressi
nothing but silence--complete and heart-subduing silence. It has been said there is nothing appertaining to life upon the broad plain. That is har
privacy I have strong reasons. ULYSSES. But 'gainst your privacy The reasons are more potent and heroical. 'Tis known, Achilles, that you are in love With one of P
d BERTRAM LAFEU. But I hope your lordship thinks not him a soldier. BERTRAM. Yes, my lord, and of very valiant ap
, SLENDER, and EVANS SLENDER. I had rather than forty shillings I had my Book of Songs and Sonnets here. Enter SIMPLE How, Simple! W
r chamber. Tell my lady I claim the promise for her heavenly picture. Your message done, hie home unto my chamber, Where thou shalt find me sad and solitary. Exit PROTEUS JULIA. How many 
u deserve. They well deserve to have That know the strong'st and surest way to get. Uncle, give me you
y thoughts with acts, be it thought and done: The castle of Macduff I will surprise, Seize upon Fife, 
s to the door of the inn. The bicycle still leaned against the wall. Holmes struck a match and held it to the back wheel, and I
y well saying! KING. 'Tis well said again; And 'tis a kind of good deed to say well; And yet words are no deeds. My father lov'
Was that his work or was it possibly the doing of someone who was bent upon counteracting his schemes? The only conceivable motive was that which had been suggested by Sir Henry, that if the family 
st would be to seize the villain and raise the alarm. Why did he not do so? Could it have been an official superior who took the papers? That would explain West's co
er OCTAVIA, with her train OCTAVIA. Hail, Caesar, and my lord! hail, most dear Caesar! CAESAR. That eve
ed at the top. There was no one at all in the whole house. The furniture and pictures were of the most common and vulgar description, save in the one chamber at the window of which I had seen
me no need of thee!' and by the operation of the second cup draws him on the drawer, when indeed there is no need. Ben. Am I like such a fellow? Mer. Come, come, thou art as hot a jack i
ou not then the better answer, You may say they are not the men you took them for. 2. Watch. Well, sir. Dog. If you meet a thief,
ng reasons. ULYSSES. But 'gainst your privacy The reasons are more potent and heroical. 'Tis known, Achilles
or things true weeps things imaginary. QUEEN. It may be so; but yet my inward soul Persuades me it is otherwise. Howe'er it be, I cannot but be sad; so heavy sad As-though, on thinking, 
ow to get into your house, or where to hide to get you?" "I know nothing of this." Holmes's face was very white 
ng to the statute of the town, Dies ere the weary sun set in the west. There is your money that I had to keep. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host. And stay there, 
ok which harmonized with the black tragedy which hung over it. On reaching the boundary wall Toby ran along, whining eagerly, underneath its shadow, a
AN. To th'monument! There lock yourself, and send him word you are dead. The soul and body rive not more in parting Than greatness going off. CLEOPATRA. To th' monument
ome earth which lies in such a way that it is difficult to avoid treading in it in entering. The earth is of this peculiar reddish tint wh
 We shall have some cold supper before we start. It is now nine-thirty. At eleven we shall drive as far as Church Row. It is a quarter of an hour's walk from ther
d'st thou but hear I were licentious, And that this body, consecrate to thee, By ruffian lust should be contaminate! Wouldst thou not spit at
 My lord, my lord, I am a simple woman, much too weak T' oppose your cunning. Y'are meek and humble-mouth'd; You sign your place and calling, 
his is the print of a right foot in the dust. Now I make one with my naked foot beside it. What is the chief difference?" "Your toes are all cramped together. The other print has eac
for it was just the beginning of the wet season. Brown, heavy clouds were drifting across the sky, and it was hard to see more than a stone-cast. A 
art let my poor heart bail, Whoe'er keeps me, let my heart be his guard, Thou canst not then use rigo
ull many a lady I have ey'd with best regard; and many a time Th' harmony of their tongues hath into bondage Brought my too diligent ear; for severa
 at my own time, in my own way." "Tut! Tut!" said McGinty, getting off his barrel. "This will never do. We have a new brother here, Baldwin, an
 go neither; but you'll lie like dogs, and yet say nothing neither. STEPHANO. Moon-calf, speak once in
you never heard of the Ku Klux Klan?" "I never have." Holmes turned over the leaves of the book upon his knee. "Here it is," s
ing of the middle of the seventeenth century,' remarked Musgrave. 'I am afraid, however, that it can be of little help to you in solving this mystery.' "'At least,' said I, 'it gives us another m
ood sweet nurse- O Lord, why look'st thou sad? Though news be sad, yet tell them merrily; If good, thou shamest the music of sweet news By playing it to me w
nce that the V. V. upon the card by the dead body might stand for Vermissa Valley, or that this very valley which sends forth emissaries of murder may be that Valley of Fear of which
nst thine enemies; nor fear to lose it, Thy safety being the motive. Lear. Out of my sight! Kent. See better, Lear, and let me still remain The true blank of thine eye. Lear
ure thou art. If murdering innocents be executing, Why, then thou are an executioner. GLOUCESTER. Thy son I kill'd
lto was to go to India to test our story. If he found the box he was to leave it there, to send out a sma
ell you in due course. But, first of all, I must keep you in touch with some of the other factors in the situat
ght. Come, give us a taste of your quality. Come, a passionate speech. 1. Play. What speech, my good lord? Ham. I heard thee speak me a speech once, but it was never acted; or if it 
came before. I've had enough of him. Money's not everything. I'll have him out of my house before the day is done." "Wait a bit, Mrs. Warr
ained from pursuing your advantage. Three days later, however, the nurse and child only just escaped from the back door as you rushed in at the front one. And now to-night you at last know all, a
s within] WOODVILLE. [Within] What noise is this? What traitors have we here? GLOUCESTER. Lieutenant, is it you whose voice I hear? Open the gates; here's
ABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT D
you, Captain Parolles. SECOND LORD. God save you, noble Captain. FIRST LORD. Captain, what greeting will you to my Lord Lafeu? I am for France. SE
in." It was an old rickety door and gave at once before our united strength. Together we rushed into the room. It was empty. There w
es." It was in vain that I asked Holmes to remain for the evening. It was evident to me that he thought he might
 but adieu. PISTOL. Let housewifery appear; keep close, I thee command. HOSTESS. Farewell; adieu. Exeunt SCENE IV. France. The KING'S palace Flourish.
 has bought the property of this man that we have driven out of the district?" "Yes, Brother Morris. It has been bought by the State & Merton County Railroad Company." 
r to counsel me to stay with the Jew. The fiend gives the more friendly counsel. I will run, fiend; my heels ar
s in his fit now, and does not talk after the wisest. He shall taste of my bottle; if he have never drunk wine afore, it will go near to remove his fit. If I can recover 
d on his son, young John, who two hours since I met in travel toward his warlike father. This seven years did not Talbot see his son; And now they meet where both their lives are done. Y
; if my lord get a boy of you, you'll give him me. Be true to my lord; if he flinch, chide me for it. TROILUS. You know now your hos
d me to the nearest telegraph office, whence he dispatched a long telegram. He then hailed a cab, and ordered the driver to take us to the address given us by Lestrade. "There is n
ibly whistle, yourself, in your sleep?' "'Certainly not. But why?' "'Because during the last few nights I have always, about three in the morning, heard a low, clear whistle. I am a light s
's--"did you hear anything else besides a cry?" "No," said Holmes; "did you?" "No." "What do you mean, then?" "Oh, you know t
draped with the cobwebs which had come from the walls of her hiding-place. Her face, too, was streaked with grime, and at the best she could never have been handsome, for she had the exa
t, one good in ten? You corrupt the song, sirrah. CLOWN. One good woman in ten, madam, which is a purifying o' th' song. Would God would serve the world 
Count Claudio may hear, for what I would speak of concerns him. Pedro. What's the matter? John. [to Claudio] Means your l
ter a SOLDIER of CAESAR'S SOLDIER. Enobarbus, Antony Hath after thee sent all thy treasure, with His bounty overplus. The messenger Came on my guard, and at thy tent 
re is Simpson to report." "He's in all right, Mr. Holmes," cried a small street Arab, running up to us. "Good, Simpson!" said Holmes, pattin
 case of the papers of Ex-President Murillo, and also the shocking affair of the Dutch steamship Friesland, which so nearly cost us both our lives. His cold and proud nat
anger to the district, hide a horse, and such a horse as this? What is his own explanation as to the paper which he wished the maid to give to the stable-boy?"
e?" "Because it is your post of duty. Because you gave me your word that you would do as you were told, and I tell you to stay."
rd, my lord, I have been so affrighted! Pol. With what, i' th' name of God I Oph. My lord, as I was sewing in my closet, Lord Hamlet, with his doublet all unbrac'd, No hat 
, sir, I have convey'd aboard; and I have bought The oil, the balsamum, and aqua-vitx. The ship is in 
mpany, banish not him thy Harry's company. Banish plump Jack, and banish all the world! Prince. I do, I will. [A knocking heard.] [Exeunt Hostess, Francis, and B
ves to content, and the contents Dies in the zeal of that which it presents. Their form confounded makes most form in mirth, When great things labouring perish in th
wn the devil, for he must not die So sweet a death as hanging presently. AARON. If there be devils, would I were a devil, To live and burn in everlasting fire, So I might have your 
 over, generally? AJAX. Thersites! THERSITES. And those boils did run-say so. Did not the general run then? Were not that a botchy core? AJAX. Dog! T
 quiet of the night. It came from the door of the house. Ferrier crept into the hall and listened intently. There was a pause f
, Both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, Both warbling of one song, both in one key; As if our hands, our sides, voices, and minds, Had been incorporate. S
and in such a place, At such a time, with all the rest retold, May reasonably die, and never rise To do him wrong, or any way impeach What then he said, so he
s with which his name is associated were followed by reactions of lethargy during which he would lie about with his violin and his books, hardly moving save from 
 whore. IRAS. O the good gods! CLEOPATRA. Nay, that's certain. IRAS. I'll never see't, for I am sure mine nails Are stronger than
ass. If that her breath will mist or stain the stone, Why, then she lives. Kent. Is this the promis'd end? Edg. Or image of that horror? Alb. Fall and cease! Lear. This feather s
e! Lord Timon! Timon! Look out, and speak to friends. Th' Athenians By two of their most reverend Senate greet thee. Speak to them, noble Timon. Enter TIMON out of his cav
ay 'ay' and be the captain of us all. We'll do thee homage, and be rul'd by thee, Love thee as our commander and our king. FIRST OUTLAW. But if thou scorn o
heek, A goodly apple rotten at the heart. O, what a goodly outside falsehood hath! SHYLOCK. Three thousand ducats- 'tis a good round sum. Three months from twelve; then let me see, th
, which left unshown Is often left unlov'd. We should have met you By sea and land, supplying every stage With an augmented gr
quiries on the subject." "Very naturally not. Did you see Miss Doran on the day before the wedding?" "Yes." "Was she in good spi
memento that I had of her. Thinking that I might have dropped it when I stooped over Drebber's body, I drove back, and leaving my cab in a side street, I went boldly up to the hous
w well, that I swore good faith to our Bodymaster. Would you be asking me to break my oath?" "If that is the view you take," said Morris sadly, "I can only say that I am sorry I gave you t
r. When we are born, we cry that we are come To this great stage of fools. This' a good block. It were
t he is worshipp'd in a baser temple Than where swine feed! 'Tis thou that rig'st the bark and plough'st the foam, Settlest admired reverence in a slave. To thee be worship! and thy 
uscript, and which he thrust into his pocket when you appeared.' "'That is true. But what could he have to do with this old family custom of ours, and what does this rigmarole mean?' "'I do
 in her. Beat. Against my will I am sent to bid You come in to dinner. Bene. Fair Beatrice, I thank you for your pains. Beat. I took
lost the heart of Signior Benedick. Beat. Indeed, my lord, he lent it me awhile, and I gave him use for it--a double heart for his single one. Marry, once before he won it of me with false d
es glared, and the knotted, passionate veins started out in his forehead, while he sprang forward with clenched hands towards my companion. Then he stopped, and with a viole
love, That she may make, unmake, do what she list, Even as her appetite shall play the god With his weak function. How am I then a villain To counsel
have broke, In number more than ever women spoke, In that same place thou hast appointed me, To-morrow 
. "I should be glad if you would make me out a cheque for six thousand pounds. It would be as well, perha
there would be no chance of a train back. I should be compelled to stop the night.' "'Yes, we could easily give you a shake-down.' "'That is very a
ay? Yes, I have a deal to say. I have to make a clean breast of it all. You can hang me, or you can leave me alone. I don't care a plug which yo
ORNELIUS QUEEN. Whiles yet the dew's on ground, gather those flowers; Make haste; who has the note of them? LADY. I, madam. QUEEN. Dispatch. Exeunt LADIES Now, Maste
NYM. The humour rises; it is good; humour me the angels. FALSTAFF. I have writ me here a letter to her; and here anothe
d gibber in the Roman streets; As stars with trains of fire, and dews of blood, Disasters in the sun; and the 
 portion of the carpet, and there, sure enough, was a great crimson spill upon the square white facing of the old-fashioned floor. "What do you make of that, Mr. Holmes?" "Why, it is simple e
if a man should be wanted I should take it as an honour to be chosen to help the lodge." There was great applause at this. It was felt that a new sun was pu
dy, sir, though it was said she much resembled me, was yet of many accounted beautiful; but though I could not with such estimable wonder over
ecognize your coachman?" "No." "It was my brother Mycroft. It is an advantage to get about in such a case without taking a mercenary into your confiden
RUTUS. That you do love me, I am nothing jealous; What you would work me to, I have some aim. How I have t
itania when she is asleep, And drop the liquor of it in her eyes; The next thing then she waking looks upon, Be it on lion, bear, or wolf, or bull, On meddling monkey, or on
hs Piercing the night's dull ear; and from the tents The armourers accomplishing the knights, With busy hammers closing rivets up, Give dreadful note of
lant. The assembly met in a large room reserved for such purposes at the Union House. Some sixty members assembled at Vermissa; but t
meet your father and the Scottish bower, As is appointed us, at Shrewsbury. My father Glendower is not ready yet, Nor shall we need his help t
urge, And in the visitation of the winds, Who take the ruffian billows by the top, Curling their monstrous heads, and hanging them With deafing clamour in the slippery c
very back of the house and there were several closed doors and a long passage between. The housekeeper had come out of her room, attracted by the violent ringing of the bell. They had gone 
 said one of the young men; "we are the persecuted children of God--the chosen of the Angel Merona." "I never heard t
st we are on the dear boy's track! It is his cap." "Where was it found?" "In the van of the gipsies who camped on the moor. They left on Tuesday. To-day the police traced them down and examined th
ow him. A tapster is a good trade; an old cloak makes a new jerkin; a wither'd serving-man a fresh tapster. Go; adieu. BARDOLPH. It is a life that I have 
gain Give to our tables meat, sleep to our nights, Free from our feasts and banquets bloody knives, Do fa
 went out to the Terai tea planting, where I hear that he is doing well. As to the sailor and Beddoes, neither of them was ever heard of again after that day on which the lette
of both That can assure my daughter greatest dower Shall have my Bianca's love. Say, Signior Gremio, what can you assure h
eprov'd the Duke About Sir William Bulmer- KING. I remember Of such a time: being my sworn servant, The Duke retain'd him his. But on: what hence? SURVEYOR. 'If' quoth he 'I for this h
 the paleness of this flower Bewray'd the faintness of my master's heart. YORK. Will not this malice, Somerset, be left? SOMERSET. Your private grudge, my Lord of York
e which you will take to my brother. You will find him at 126b Corporation Street, where the temporary offices of the company are situated.
His beauty shall in these black lines be seen, And they shall live, and he in them still green. 64 When 
 him back. London dangers were the privilege of the London force. The door of the left-hand flat upon the third landing was 
 hearing a coffin EXTON. Great King, within this coffin I present Thy buried fear. Herein all breathles
Methinks a father Is at the nuptial of his son a guest That best becomes the table. Pray you, once more, Is not your father grown incapable Of reasonable affairs? Is he not stupid With age and 
he far end of the shadow would fall when the sun was just clear of the oak." "That must have been difficult, Holm
ne wed the second but who killed the first. Ham. [aside] Wormwood, wormwood! Queen. The instances that second marriage move Are base respects of thrift, but 
ay! Speak, speak! I charge thee speak! Exit Ghost. Mar. 'Tis gone and will not answer. Ber. How now, Horatio? You tremble and look pale. Is not this something more than fantasy? What t
 was." "And Joseph! Joseph a villain and a thief!" "Hum! I am afraid Joseph's character is a rather deeper and more dangerous one than one might j
between the stones. Its disappearance, however, was but momentary. With a rending, tearing sound, one of the broad, white stones turned over upon its side and left a squa
ight before I went upstairs. It was my custom to do this myself, for, as I have explained, Sir Eustace was not always to be trusted. I went i
e symbols [ Picture: Picture of three dancing men ] stand respectively for N, V, and R. "Even now I was in considerable difficulty, but a happy thought put me in possess
as standing at the porch of his hotel. "Well," said I, as I came hurrying up, "I trust that she is no worse?" A look of surprise passed over his face, and at the first quiv
n attention at the time, and the whole of next day I was busy at the bedside of the sufferer. It was not until close upon six o'clock that I found myself free and was able to spring into a ha
et him shun castles; Safer shall he be upon the sandy plains Than where castles mounted stand.' Come, come, my lords; These oracles are hardly attain'd, And hardly unders
life, And I from heaven banish'd as from hence! But what thou art, God, thou, and I, do know; And all too soon, I fear, the King shall rue. Farewell, my liege. Now no way can I stray: Save b
r? Where be his quiddits now, his quillets, his cases, his tenures, and his tricks? Why does he suffer this rude knave now to knock him about the sconce with a dirty shovel, and will not tell him 
r credulous monster! Well drawn, monster, in good sooth! CALIBAN. I'll show thee every fertile inch o' th' island; and will kiss thy foot. I prit
f the heads of the medical school of the University, but a thinker of European reputation in more than one branch of science. Yet even without knowing his brilliant record one c
 love, hath presented to you four milk-white horses, trapp'd in silver. TIMON. I shall accept them fairly. Let the presents Be wo
ective man, sitting with averted eyes, brooding apparently upon his own affairs. These were the two men who entered abruptly into our little sitting-room on Tuesday, March the 16th, shortly after 
. He swears that the shadow of a man's head turned sideways was clearly visible on the blind, and that this shadow was certainly not that 
d to him. A traitor you do look like; but such traitors His Majesty seldom fears. I am Cressid's uncle, That dare leave two together. Fare you well. Exit
p her hands with a despairing gesture, and vanished as suddenly and as noiselessly as she had come. "The newcomers were Colonel Lysander Stark and a short thick man with a chinchilla beard growing
ll about it,' said I. "'Well,' said he, showing me the advertisement, 'you can see for yourself that th
erv'd thief. FOOL. Are you three usurers' men? ALL SERVANTS. Ay, fool. FOOL. I think no usurer but has a f
, do I? MRS. FORD. Heaven be my witness, you do, if you suspect me in any dishonesty. FORD. Well said, brazen-face; hold it out. Come forth, sirrah. [Pulli
tune's malice, For few men rightly temper with the stars; Yet in this one thing let me blame your Grace, For choosin
e has finished the document and the cigar he will go to his room; but before he had reached the end of either there came a remarkable development which turned our thoughts into quite another c
rue, Wherein I had no stroke of mischief in it? I play'd the cheater for thy father's hand, And, when I had it, drew myself 
 simple. Mr. Harding, of Harding Brothers, said that they had sold you their last copy, and he gave me your address." "Oh, that was it, was it? Did he tell you what I paid for it?" "No, he di
. Look back, defend thee; here are enemies. BUCKINGHAM. God and our innocence defend and guard us! Enter LOVEL and RATCLIFF, with HASTINGS' hea
Oldacre kept himself very much to himself, and only met people in the way of business. She had seen the buttons, and was sure that they belonged to the clothes which he had worn last night.
f love; And, in our maiden council, rated them At courtship, pleasant jest, and courtesy, As bombast and as lining to the time; But more devout than this in our respects Have 
est families in the kingdom, though his branch was a cadet one which had separated from the northern Musgraves some time in the sixteenth century, and had established itself in w
 enjoying of my love; There may as well be amity and life 'Tween snow and fire as treason and my love. PORTIA. Ay, but I fear you spea
cts upon one of the bottom steps of the stairs. "A gold watch, No. 97163, by Barraud, of London. Gold Albert chain, very heavy and solid. Gold ring, with masonic device. Gold p
 To do what, signior? Bene. To bind me, or undo me--one of them. Signior Leonato, truth it is, good signior, You
friends, nor this man's threats To whom I am subdu'd, are but light to me, Might I but through my prison once a day Behold this maid. All corners else o' th' earth Let liberty make use of; s
n I said 'Man delights not me'? Ros. To think, my lord, if you delight not in man, what lenten entertainment the players sh
ic let us all embrace; For, heaven to earth, some of us never shall A second time do such a courtesy. Here they embrace. The trumpets sound. [Exeunt.] Scene III. Plain betwe
sweet promise of the spring and this sinister quest upon which we were engaged. My companion sat in the front of the trap, his arms fol
weal, I would prevail, if prayers might prevail To join your hearts in love and amity. O, what a scandal is it to our crown That two such noble peers as ye shoul
are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting. Why should she hand it over to anyone else? She could trust her own g
 objection to tobacco-smoke, to the mild balsamic odor of the Eastern tobacco. I am a little nervous, and I find my hookah an invaluable sedative." He applied a taper to the great bowl, and the 
 By the woman's means? ELBOW. Ay, sir, by Mistress Overdone's means; but as she spit in his face, so she defied him. POMPEY. Sir, if it please yo
ou do it ever. When you sing, I'd have you buy and sell so; so give alms; Pray so; and, for the ord'ring your affairs, To sing them too. When y
ak with me? They are sick? they are weary? They have travell'd all the night? Mere fetches- The images of revolt and flying off! Fetch me a better answer. Glou. My dear lord, You
 contrary, let Claudio be executed by four of the clock, and, in the afternoon, Barnardine. For my better satisfaction, let me have Claudio's head sent me by five. Let this be duly perfor
of't. Re-enter HOSTESS HOSTESS. As ever you come of women, come in quickly to Sir John. Ah, poor heart! he is so shak'd of a burning quotidian
f it is truth. I knew Black Peter, and when he pulled out his knife I whipped a harpoon through him sharp, for I knew that it was him or me. That's how he died. You can call it mur
t cranny shall Pyramus and Thisby whisper. QUINCE. If that may be, then all is well. Come, sit down, every mother's son, and rehearse your parts. Pyramus, you begin; when you have spoken your speech
which was used by the poor girl, no doubt, to explain the appearance which she had caught a hurried glimpse of by the light of her match, were sufficient to put me upon a
er's fee. This is the quondam King; let's seize upon him. KING HENRY. Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, For wise men say it is the wisest course. SECOND KEEPER. Why
HESUS. Master, knock the door hard. LUCE. [Within] Let him knock till it ache. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. You'll cry for
ough. Where is my wife? PAGE. Here, noble lord; what is thy will with her? SLY. Are you my wife, and will not call me husband? My men sh
 or intentions of the man who lived in this singular place, save that he must be of Spartan habits and cared little for the comforts of life. When I thought of the heavy rains and loo
 does the card on the body, which might have been prepared in the house. That all fits into your hypothesis, Watson. But now we come on the nasty, angular
Speak, strike, redress!" Am I entreated To speak and strike? O Rome, I make thee promise, If the redress will follow, thou receivest Thy full petition at the hand of Brutus! Re-enter Lucius. LUCIU
 To bring thee to the gallows, not to the font. Exit SHYLOCK DUKE OF VENICE. Sir, I entreat you home with me to dinner. PORTIA. I humbly do desire your Grace of pardon; I must away t
but when you have our roses You barely leave our thorns to prick ourselves, And mock us with our bareness. BERTRAM. How have I sworn! DIANA. 'Tis not the many oaths that m
ent off to some other place, concealed three gems out of the thirty-nine, with such skill that nobody can find them, and then returned with the other thirty-six into the room in which he expos
t," said I. "He would follow Barrymore and see what he did." "Then we shall do it together." "But surely he would hear us." "The 
n to believe he would not live long. You found out that his niece would inherit his fortune. How's that--eh?" Car
 my fears of what may chance Or breed upon our absence, that may blow No sneaping winds at home, to make us say 'This is put forth too truly.' Besides, I have stay'd 
 a trick? Enter PROTEUS, and JULIA in boy's clothes PROTEUS. Sebastian is thy name? I like thee well, And will employ thee in some s
Y'S house Enter STANLEY and SIR CHRISTOPHER URSWICK STANLEY. Sir Christopher, tell Richmond this from me: That in 
Hor. There's no offence, my lord. Ham. Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, Horatio, And much offence too. Touching this vision here, It is an honest ghost, that le
will marry her, out of her own love and flattery, not out of my promise. OTHELLO. Iago beckons me; now he begins the story. CASSIO. She was here even now
 never foretell what any one man will do, but you can say with precision what an average number will be up to. Individuals vary, but per
 him. CENTURION. Let's hear him, for the things he speaks May concern Caesar. SECOND WATCH. Let's do so. Bu
 Captain Dumain? FIRST LORD. Why does he ask him of me? FIRST SOLDIER. What's he? PAROLLES. E'en a crow o' th' same nest; not altogether 
s were all badged with blood; So were their daggers, which unwiped we found Upon their pillows. They stared, and were distracted; no man's life Was to be trusted with them. MACBE
 and low desires, Such poor, such bare, such lewd, such mean attempts, Such barren pleasures, rude society, As thou art match'd withal and grafted to, Accompany the greatness of thy blood 
rrowed title hast thou bought too dear: Why didst thou tell me that thou wert a king? Hot. The King hath many marching in his coats. Doug. Now, by my sword, I will
sar, speaking of Brutus And groaning underneath this age's yoke, Have wish'd that noble Brutus had his eyes. BRUTUS. Into what dangers would you lead me, Cassius, That you
ighbours, in six he was well-to-do, in nine he was rich, and in twelve there were not half a dozen men in the whole of Salt Lake City who could compare with him. From the great inland sea to the
 threw all fears to the winds, ate a hearty supper, drove to Paddington, and started off, having obeyed to the lett
ng men. How came you to write it?" "What one man can invent another can discover," said Holmes. "There is a cab coming to convey you to Norwich, Mr. Slaney. But, meanwhile, you have 
the Sexton. Leon. Which is the villain? Let me see his eyes, That, when I note another man like him, I may avoid him. Which of these is he? Bora. If you would know your wron
marked. "'L'homme c'est rien--l'oeuvre c'est tout,' as Gustave Flaubert wrote to George Sand." A CASE OF IDENTITY "My dear fellow," said Sherlock Holmes as we sat on eithe
into dumbness. This was look'd for at your hand, and this was baulk'd. The double gilt of this opportunity you let time wash o
liver Infected as her life, she would not live The running of one glass. CAMILLO. Who does her? LEONTES. Why, he that wears her like her medal, hanging About his neck, Bohem
a truth; And what I spake, I spake it to my face. Par. Thy face is mine, and thou hast sland'red it. Jul. It may be so, for it is not mine own. Are you at leisure, holy father, now, Or shall I come
L. Pish for thee, Iceland dog! thou prick-ear'd cur of Iceland! HOSTESS. Good Corporal Nym, show thy valour, and put up your sword. NYM. Will you shog off? I would have you solus. PISTOL. '
s the most lovely country, my dear young lady, and the dearest old country-house.' "'And my duties, sir? I sho
ceedingly glad to have a little talk with you." "I have a cab outside." "Then pray send him home in it. You may safely trust him, for
 or billiard room in the farther wing of the house, the windows of which we had not seen. His broad, grizzled head, with its shining patch of baldness, was in the immediate foregrou
 before? No love, my love, that thou mayst true love call, All mine was thine, before thou hadst this more: Then if for my love
s the explanation of the unlocked door and of the nocturnal vigil of Milverton. There was the gentle rustle of a woman's dress. I had closed t
 the study of the parents. Don't you see that the converse is equally valid. I have frequently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by study
strucken, my lord. Kent. Nor tripp'd neither, you base football player? [Trips up his heels. Lear. I thank thee, fellow. Thou serv'st me, and I'll love thee. Kent. 
may thrive. CASSIUS. What enterprise, Popilius? POPILIUS. Fare you well. Advances to Caesar. BRUTUS. What
u have spoken truer than you purpos'd. SEBASTIAN. You have taken it wiselier than I meant you should. GONZALO. Therefore, my lord- ANTONIO. Fie, what a spendthri
orn, Presenteth Moonshine; for, if you will know, By moonshine did these lovers think no scorn To meet at Ninus' tomb, ther
 with my uncle; My father's brother, but no more like my father Than I to Hercules. Within a month, Ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tears Had left the flushing in her
bout three o'clock in the afternoon, he walked into my office in the City. But I was still more astonished when he told me the object of his visit. He had in his hand several
 Hal? Thou knowest in the state of innocency Adam fell; and what should poor Jack Falstaff do in the days of villany? Tho
bove our heads. "He could see what he was doing here and he could not there. That was his reason." "By Jove! that's true," said the detective. "Now that I come to think of it, Dr. 
will vouchsafe that Antony May safely come to him and be resolved How Caesar hath deserved to lie in death, Mark Antony shall not love Caesar dead So well as Brutu
 with gold, And all Europa shall rejoice at thee, As once Europa did at lusty Jove When he would play the n
, QUEEN, and others QUEEN. Away, my lord! You are slow; for shame, away! KING HENRY. Can we outrun the heavens? Good Margaret, stay. QUEEN. What are 
ies nothing; She is alone. PROTEUS. Then let her alone. VALENTINE. Not for the world! Why, man, she is mine own; And I as rich in having such a jewel As twenty seas, 
o march in ranks of better equipage: But since he died and poets better prove, Theirs for their style I'll read, his for his love'. 33 Full many a glorious morning have I seen, Flatter
in to McMurdo, "you can stand below at the door and see that the road is kept open for us. Arthur Willaby can stay with you. You others come with me. Have no fears, boys; f
It is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will. Come, be a man! Drown thyself? Drown cats and blind puppies. I have professed me thy friend, and I confess me knit to thy deserving 
mes seated in front of the smouldering fire, and long into the watches of the night I heard the low, melancholy wailings of his violin, and knew
We have supplies to second our attempt. If they miscarry, theirs shall second them; And so success of mischie
u ever heard anyone whistle in the dead of the night?' "'Never,' said I. "'I suppose that you could not possibly whistle, yourself, in your sleep?' 
LBOW. My Wife, sir, whom I detest before heaven and your honour- ESCALUS. How! thy wife! ELBOW. Ay, sir; whom I thank heaven, is an
led round the house with his hands in his pockets and a negligent air which was unusual with him. "By the way," said he to Joseph Harrison, "you found
What, will you walk with me about the town, And then go to my inn and dine with me? FIRST MERCHANT. I a
 new to him. "'Well,' said I, 'the gentleman at No. 4.' "'What, the red-headed man?' "'Yes.' "'Oh,' said he, 'his name was William Morris. He was a solicitor and was using my room as a temporary conv
at men as plants increase, Cheered and checked even by the self-same sky: Vaunt in their youthful sap, at height decrease, And wear their brave sta
coast Enter VIOLA, a CAPTAIN, and SAILORS VIOLA. What country, friends, is this? CAPTAIN. This is Illyria, lady. VIOLA. And what should I do in Illyria? My brother he is in Elysium. Perchance
UMAIN. O vile! Then, as she goes, what upward lies The street should see as she walk'd overhead. KING. But what of this? Are we not all in love? BEROWNE. Nothing so sure; and thereby all fo
elf as being a great caravan upon its journey for the West. But what a caravan! When the head of it had reached the 
 you as to whether I should or should not accept a situation which has been offered to me as governess. I shall call at half-past ten to-morrow
in the vaward of our youth, must confess, are wags too. CHIEF JUSTICE. Do you set down your name in the scroll of youth, that are written down old 
 it is surely Hudson,' said Mr. Trevor in a tone of surprise. "'Hudson it is, sir,' said the seaman. 'Why, it's thirty year and more since I saw you last. Here you a
 BASTARD, ALENCON, LA PUCELLE, and forces PUCELLE. Dismay not, Princes, at this accident, Nor grieve that Rouen is so recovered. Care is no cure, but rathe
on bosom of the royal Richard; And now thou wouldst eat thy dead vomit up, And howl'st to find it. What trust is in these times? They that, when Richard liv'd, would have him d
hat it formed part of a very remarkable document. Here it is. Do you not now observed something very suggestive about it?" "It has a very irregular look," s
o know it? What signs are there of a hound? Where are the marks of its fangs? Of course we know that a 
e cries aloud, 'Hold, friends! friends, part!' and swifter than his tongue, His agile arm beats down their fatal points, And 'twixt them rushes; underneath whose arm An envious thrust fro
y bands With the help of your good hands. Gentle breath of yours my sails Must fill, or else my project fails, Which was to please. Now I want Spirits to enforce, art to enchant; And my end
And to think that you should come to me, heart of my heart, and I should find nothing better to do than to want to strangle you! Come then, darling," and he held out his arms, "let me make it up t
 unless you render her again. Claud. Sweet Prince, you learn me noble thankfulness. There, Leonato, take her back again. Give not this r
When a few weeks later it was reported in the papers that Wilcox had been shot at from an ambuscade, it was an open secret that McMurdo was still at work upon
worthiness. SCROOP. So service shall with steeled sinews toil, And labour shall refresh itself with hope, To do your Grace incessant services. KING HENRY. We judge no less. U
t was the only memento that I had of her. Thinking that I might have dropped it when I stooped over Drebber's body, I drov
y knave? How dost thou? Fool. Sirrah, you were best take my coxcomb. Kent. Why, fool? Fool. Why? For taking one's part t
ver rather ruefully. It was a very ordinary black hat of the usual round shape, hard and much the worse for wear. The lining had been of red silk, but was a good deal discoloured. There 
ot count her blest, Unworthy as she is, that we have wrought So worthy a gentleman to be her bridegroom? Jul. Not proud you have, but thankfu
N and VIOLA [To FABIAN] I have his horse to take up the quarrel; I have persuaded him the youth's a devil. FABIAN. [T
rs perchance for blood. Queen. To whom do you speak this? Ham. Do you see nothing there? Queen. Nothing at all; yet all that is I see. Ham. 
art of the forest Enter SILVIUS and PHEBE SILVIUS. Sweet Phebe, do not scorn me; do not, Phebe. Say that you love me not; but say not so In bitterness. The com
oil, was the track of a bicycle. "Hurrah!" I cried. "We have it." But Holmes was shaking his head, and his face was puzzled and expectant rather than joyous. "A bicycle, certainly, b
 can only be approached by the farm or by the estate, where strangers could hardly wander." "Quite so." "Then comes our exped
s us, Watson." "Is that serious?" "Very serious, indeed--the one thing upon earth which could have disarranged my plans. He can't be ver
both or none. LAFEU. [To BERTRAM] Your reputation comes too short for my daughter; you are no husband for her. BERTRAM. My lord, this is 
t One friend to take his fortune by the arm And go along with him? SECOND SERVANT. As we do turn our backs From our companion, thrown into his grave, So his familiars to his buried fortunes Slin
use the chief difficulty in the study of catalepsy is the rareness of the disease. You may believe, than, that I was in my consulting-room when, at the appointed hour, the page showed in the p
e courting my Ettie, and that I dare not turn him down, but that I should have another for my boarder? Yes, indeed, you shall not sleep 
tached to a certain moth which he had, in his Yorkshire days, been the first to describe. "We now come to that portion of his life which has proved 
show that." "There was no ticket in his pockets." "No ticket! Dear me, Watson, this is really very singular. According to my experience it is not possible to reach the platform of a Metr
ld do it again. Deeply as I have sinned, I have led a life of martyrdom to atone for it. But that my girl should be entangled in the same meshes which held me was
BE. Ha! what say'st thou, Silvius? SILVIUS. Sweet Phebe, pity me. PHEBE. Why, I arn sorry for thee, gentle Silvius. SILV
, their horse, was second in the betting, they had an interest in the disappearance of the favorite. Silas Brown, the trainer, is known to ha
se In her imagin'd person. DUKE. Know you this woman? LUCIO. Carnally, she says. DUKE. Sirrah, no more. LUCIO. Enough, my lord. ANG
hat old woman's that? MRS. FORD. Why, it is my maid's aunt of Brainford. FORD. A witch, a quean, an old cozening quean! Have I not forbid her my house? S
omplaint can set it going, and there is but a step between the crime and the dock. But look at these lonely houses, each in its own fields
 pleasant in his ways, for he was laughing all the time that he was talking." "Come along!" cried Sherlock Holmes, abruptly. "This grows serious," he observed, as we drove to Sc
ong door, and found myself in my husband's room. He spoke of giving me up. I showed him that if he did so his life was in my hands. If he gave me to the law I could give him to the Brotherh
ws. "'Have you never heard of the League of the Red-headed Men?' he asked with his eyes open. "'Never.' "'Why, I wonder at that, for
 his idolatry My substance should be statue in thy stead. I'll use thee kindly for thy mistress' sake, That us'd me so; or else, by Jove I vow, I should have scratch'd out your unseeing eyes, To ma
s good a chance as any man that I had ever met. Vincent Spaulding seemed to know so much about it that I thought he might prove useful, so I just ordered h
him that Which, if he take, shall quite unpeople her Of leigers for her sweet; and which she after, Except she bend her humour, shall be assur'd T
 when I was in the city? Are they so follow'd? Ros. No indeed are they not. Ham. How comes it? Do they grow rusty? Ros. Nay, their ende
t with their age. Swear not by time to come; for that thou hast Misus'd ere us'd, by times ill-us'd o'erpast. KING RICHARD. As I intend to prosper and repent, So thrive 
E-PORTS; under it the QUEEN in her robe; in her hair richly adorned with pearl, crowned. On each side her, the BISHOPS OF LONDON and WINCHESTER
hey marvelled at the beauty of the pale-faced maiden. She had reached the outskirts of the city when she found the road bl
ol and waits for the coming of the thirsty beast of prey. What savage creature was it which might steal upon us out of the 
him then, but I spared him, though I saw his wicked little eyes fixed on my face, as though to remember every feature. We got a
man in the pew handed it up to her again, and it did not appear to be the worse for the fall. Yet when I spoke to her of the matter, she answe
And princes' courts be fill'd with my reproach. This get I by his death. Ay me, unhappy! To be a queen and crown'd with infamy! KING HENRY
halves with him in some nice rooms which he had found, and which were too much for his purse." "By Jove!" I cried, "if he really wants someone to share the rooms and the expense, I am th
eseech you, which is Justice Shallow? SHALLOW. I am Robert Shallow, sir, a poor esquire of this county, and one of the King's justices of the peace. What is you
her worthies nothing; She is alone. PROTEUS. Then let her alone. VALENTINE. Not for the world! Why, man, she is mine own; And I
tburst rather astonished me, as you can think. 'Well,' said I, 'other people don't think quite so much of me as you seem to do, Mr. Pinner.
o points. MARIA. That if one break, the other will hold; or if both break, your gaskins fall. CLOWN. Apt, in good faith, very apt! Well, go thy way; if Sir Toby woul
y sovereign! Gracious Henry, comfort! KING HENRY. What, doth my Lord of Suffolk comfort me? Came he right now to sing a raven's note,
 Suddenly, with a plunge, as of the swimmer who leaves the bank, she hurried across the road, and we heard the sharp clang of the b
in my heart that he was dead," said she. "I can give you every information," said he, "and, what is more, I can do you justice; and I will, too, whatever Brother Bartholomew may say. I am
eath, Is all the grace I beg. DUKE. Come hither, Mariana. Say, wast thou e'er contracted to this woman? ANGELO. I was, my lord. DUKE. Go, take her hence and marry her instantly
ntrols. Man, more divine, the master of all these, Lord of the wide world and wild wat'ry seas, Indu'd with intellectual sense and souls, Of more pre-eminence than fish and fowls, Are masters to
ood. Long lines of dull brick houses were only relieved by the coarse glare and tawdry brilliancy of public houses at the corne
like any devil; he will spare neither man, woman, nor child. FANG. If I can close with him, I care not for his thrust. HOSTESS. No, nor I neither; I'll be at your elbow. FANG. An I bu
the senses stricken clean out of them. All three of them, the dead woman and the two demented men, retained upon t
er and oilcan, but no clue as to the owner. "It would be a grand help to the police," said the inspecto
ea to thy desires. A thousand welcomes! And more a friend than e'er an enemy; Yet, Marcius, that was much. Your hand; most welcome! Exeunt CORIOLANUS and AUFIDIUS The two SERVINGMEN come for
ng with brain-fever. If it had not been for Miss Harrison here and for the doctor's care I should not be speaking to you now. She has nursed me by day and a hired nu
't. Exit BARDOLPH Have I liv'd to be carried in a basket, like a barrow of butcher's offal, and to be thrown in the Thames? Well, if I b
hich are never imparted to the reader. Now, at present I am in the position of these same readers, for I hold in this hand several threads of one of the strangest cases which ever
s body from the carriage. That would account for everything, would it not?" "Why had he no ticket?" "The ticket would have shown which station was nearest the agent's house. Therefore 
bserved that it was to Miss S. Cushing. Now, the oldest sister would, of course, be Miss Cushing, and although her initi
panion rose to greet her, "but I have had a very strange experience, and as I have no parents or relations of any sort from whom I could ask advice, I thought that perhaps you 
our most mutual entertainment, With character too gross, is writ on Juliet. LUCIO. With child, perhaps? CLAUDIO. Unhappily, even so. And the
e court; but for me, I have an answer will serve all men. COUNTESS. Marry, that's a bountiful answer that
ol; the second mads him; and a third drowns him. OLIVIA. Go thou and seek the crowner, and let him sit o' my coz; for he's in the third degree of drink, he's drown'd; go l
'st Milan, I'll come by Naples. Draw thy sword. One stroke Shall free thee from the tribute which thou payest; And I the King shall love thee. ANTONIO. Draw together; And when I r
into neglect the pompous court. JAQUES DE BOYS. He hath. JAQUES. To him will I. Out of these convertites There is much matter to be heard and learn'd. [To DUKE] You to your 
y me! SEBASTIAN. Madam, I will. OLIVIA. O, say so, and so be! Exeunt SCENE II. OLIVIA'S house Enter MARIA and CLOWN MARIA. Nay, I prithee, put on this gown and this beard; make him 
u livest and breathest, Yet art thou slain in him. Thou dost consent In some large measure to thy father's death In that thou seest thy wretched brother die, 
, and then go home and lose me. I have this day receiv'd a traitor's judgment, And by that name must die; yet, heaven bear witness, And if I have a con
edro. Welcome, signior. You are almost come to part almost a fray. Claud. We had lik'd to have had our two noses snapp'd off with two old men without tee
." "Not at all. Look here! This is the print of a right foot in the dust. Now I make one with my naked foot beside it. What is the chief difference?" "Your toes are all cramped together. Th
the general food at first Which you do live upon; and fit it is, Because I am the storehouse and the shop Of the whole body. But, if you do remember, I send it through the rivers of your bloo
going, After my speech is ended. ANTONY. Be it so, I do desire no more. BRUTUS. Prepare the body then, and follow us. Exeunt all but Antony. ANTONY
 good cheer.' So 'a cried out 'God, God, God!' three or four times. Now I, to comfort him, bid him 'a should not think of God; I hop'd there was no need to trouble him
riumphant. "Well, Mr. Holmes, have you proved us to be wrong yet? Have you found your tramp?" he cried. "I have formed no conclusion whatever," my companion answer
rnish'd, all in arms; All plum'd like estridges that with the wind Bated like eagles having lately bath'd; Glittering in golden coats like images; As full of spirit as the month of May And
ERT HUBERT. My lord, they say five moons were seen to-night; Four fixed, and the fifth did whirl about The other four in wondrous motion. KING JOHN. Five moon
 He receives these wares not only from treacherous valets or maids, but frequently from genteel ruffians who have gained the 
 All's well. I dreamt last night of the three weird sisters: To you they have show'd some truth. MACBETH. I think not of them; Yet, when
nd his SON QUEEN. And here comes Clifford to deny their bail. CLIFFORD. Health and all happiness to my lord the King! [Kneels] YORK. I thank thee, Cliffor
 entered the study than I scented danger. I guess when a man has had dangers in his life--and I've had more than most in my time--there is a kind of sixth sense that waves the red flag. 
." "If we are to go to Norwood it would perhaps be as well to start at once," I ventured to remark. He laughed until his ears were quite red. "That would hardly do," he
O. I tell you 'tis not very well. I will make myself known to Desdemona. If she will return me my jewels, I will give over my suit and repent my unlawful solicitation; if not,
ronet was a cracked edge, where a corner holding three gems had been torn away. "Now, Mr. Holder," said Holmes, "here is the corner which corresponds to that which has 
hey instantly drew up in line and stood facing us with expectant faces. One of their number, taller and older than the others, stood forward with an air of lou
is but early days. Enter DIOMEDES, with CRESSIDA AGAMEMNON. Is not yond Diomed, with Calchas' daughter? ULYSSES. 'Tis he, I ken the manner of 
s to ask you for it.' "'Certainly,' said I. 'It's all your own.' "'Well,' said she, 'I want a hundred pounds.' "I was a bit staggered at this, for I had imagined it was 
. Begin, fool: it begins 'Hold thy peace.' CLOWN. I shall never begin if I hold my peace. AGUECHEEK. Good, i' faith! Co
d; my child is none of his: It was Alencon that enjoy'd my love. YORK. Alencon, that notorious Machiavel! It dies, an if it had a thousan
N. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHE
 of their incorporate league; That English may as French, French Englishmen, Receive each other. God speak this Amen! ALL. Amen! KING HENRY. Prepare we for our m
God be with you all! Tucket. Enter MONTJOY MONTJOY. Once more I come to know of thee, King Harry, If for thy ransom thou wilt now compound, Before thy mos
 where you will, the King shall be commanded; And be you kings: command, and I'll obey. FIRST KEEPER. We 
er came, and they have covered all tracks for six or eight feet round the body. But here are three separate tracks of the same feet." He drew out a lens and lay down upon his 
e ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling. Pedro. And so will he do; for the man doth fear God, howsoever it seems not in him by some large jest
e, let's do't. I am dog at a catch. CLOWN. By'r lady, sir, and some dogs will catch well. AGUECHEEK. Most certain. Let our catch be 'Thou knave.' CLOWN. 'Hold thy peac
out. Flourish. Exeunt all but YORK, WARWICK, EXETER, VERNON WARWICK. My Lord of York, I promise you, the King Prettily, methought, did play the o
e off the breach with his pike bent bravely, and to surgery bravely; to venture upon the charg'd chambers bravely- DOLL. Hang yo
y presented itself. The key was not in the inner side of the door, nor could he find it anywhere in the room. He went out a
a man a worm. My son Came then into my mind, and yet my mind Was then scarce friends with him. I have heard more since. As flies to wanton boys are we to th
ducated man. This kept him out most of the day, and he had not found occasion yet to report himself to the head of the lodge of the Eminent Order of Freemen. He was reminded of his omis
xeunt ACT V. SCENE 10. Another part of the plain Enter AENEAS, PARIS, ANTENOR, and DEIPHOBUS AENEAS. Stand, ho! yet are we masters of the field. N
d with a slow step and haggard face which assured me that he had made no great progress with his investigation. He glanced at a telegram which awaited him and threw it into the g
names! Amaimon sounds well; Lucifer, well; Barbason, well; yet they are devils' additions, the names of fiends. But cuckold! Wittol! Cuckold! the devil himself hath not 
ut a poor man, I am glad to hear it. Verg. And so am I. Leon. I would fain know what you have to say. Verg. Marry, sir, our watch to-night, excep
 hands." "But what will you do?" "We shall spend the night in your room, and we shall investigate the cause of this noise which has disturbed you." "I believe, Mr. Holmes, that you have al
s praise. Bethink thee on her virtues that surmount, And natural graces that extinguish art; Repeat their semblance often on the seas, That, when thou com'st to kneel 
 our state. REIGNIER. Why ring not out the bells aloud throughout the town? Dauphin, command the citizens make bonfires And feast and banqu
t; Our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change; Our bridal flowers serve for a buried corse; And all things change them to the contrary. Friar. Sir, go you in; and, madam, go with h
s thou tofore hast been! But now nor Lucius nor Lavinia lives But in oblivion and hateful griefs. If Lucius live, he will requite your wrongs
h I have formed." Holmes's quiet day in the country had a singular termination, for he arrived at Baker Street late in the evening with a cut l
 The sands are numb'red that make up my life; Here must I stay, and here my life must end. Enter QUEEN MARGARET, CLIFFORD, NORTHUMBERLAND, the PRINCE OF WALES, and soldiers Come, bloody Clifford, r
" We continued our systematic survey of the edge of the sodden portion of the moor, and soon our perseverance was gloriously rewarded. Right across the lower part of the bog 
 hour in a month. ALENCON. They want their porridge and their fat bull beeves. Either they must be dieted like mules And have their prove
 thy body with his ruffling treasure. Enter TAILOR Come, tailor, let us see these ornaments; Lay forth the gown. Enter HABE
 a full disgrace. Best of my flesh, Forgive my tyranny; but do not say, For that, 'Forgive our Romans.' O, a kiss L
nce, I wish you A wave o' th' sea, that you might ever do Nothing but that; move still, still so, And own no other function. Each your doing, So singular in each particular, Crowns what you are d
confound strangeness with mystery. The most commonplace crime is often the most mysterious because it presents 
ooked up at the stars, and so on. But I have been seated quietly in my chair, and what clues can I have given you?" "You do yourself an injustice
there be any good meaning toward you. I have told you what I have seen and heard; but faintly, nothing like the image and horror of it. Pray you, awa
ads me to your eyes, where I o'erlook Love's stories, written in Love's richest book. HELENA. Wherefore was
n his eyes fell upon the face of Jack McMurdo, who was scowling at his elbow. "Hullo! Hullo!" he cried, looking him up and down. "Here's an old acquaintance!" McMurdo shra
earful meditation, where alack, Shall Time's best jewel from Time's chest lie hid? Or what strong hand can hold his swift foot back, Or who his spoil of beauty can forbid? O none, unles
ANDO. My fair Rosalind, I come within an hour of my promise. ROSALIND. Break an hour's promise in love! He that
 being help'd, inhabits there. Then to Silvia let us sing That Silvia is excelling; She excels each mortal thing Upon the dull earth dwelling. 'To her let us garlands bring. HOST. 
w do I come to thee; And, if one arm's embracement will content thee, I will embrace thee in it by and by. TAMORA. This closing with him fits his lunacy. Whate'er I fo
FORD. Why? MRS. PAGE. Why, woman, your husband is in his old lunes again. He so takes on yonder with my husband; so rails against all married mankind; so curses an
nd. Open your chaps again. TRINCULO. I should know that voice; it should be-but he is drown'd; and these are devils. O, defend me! STEPHANO. Four
ve heard herself come thus near, that, should she fancy, it should be one of my complexion. Besides, she uses me with a more exalted re
convulsed and his fingers contorted as though he had died in a very paroxysm of fear. He was fully clothed, though there were signs that his dressing had been done in a hurry. W
ctacles is here! Let me embrace too. 'O heart,' as the goodly saying is, O heart, heavy heart, Why sigh'st thou wit
ood and tears are drawn. LORD. Thou art a lord, and nothing but a lord. Thou hast a lady far more beautiful Than any woman
 come off the breach with his pike bent bravely, and to surgery bravely; to venture upon the charg'd chambers brav
the bonds that held him. As they turned to the car Holmes pointed back to the moonlit sea and shook a thought
 stronger part of it by her own letters, which makes her story true even to the point of her death. Her death itself, which could not be her office to say is come, was faithfully confirm'd by the 
e of these no man is free But that his negligence, his folly, fear, Among the infinite doings of the world, Sometime puts forth. In your affairs, my lord, If ever I were wilfull-negligent, It was my
se affairs see this main end- The French King's sister. Heaven will one day open The King's eyes, that so long have slept upon This bold bad man. SUFFOLK. And free us from his slavery. 
UFF. Is the King stirring, worthy Thane? MACBETH. Not yet. MACDUFF. He did command me to call timely on him; I have almost slipp'd the hour. MACBETH
e Presenter KING HENRY THE FOURTH HENRY, PRINCE OF WALES, afterwards HENRY PRINCE JOHN OF LANCASTER PRINCE HUMPHREY OF GLOUCESTER THOMAS, DUKE OF CLARE
 Upon this warrant shall you have access Where you with Silvia may confer at large- For she is lumpish, heavy, melancholy, And, for your friend's sake, will be glad of you- Where y
 communicate with Scotland Yard, Hopkins had to go out, and he in turn had to send for me. All that makes a fair night's work. Well, here we are at Chislehurs
ies of our own which call for good men. Are you ready to be tested?" "I am." "Are you of stout heart?" "I
bting the filching age will steal his treasure, Now counting best to be with you alone, Then bettered that the world may see my pleasure, Sometime
ound about the wicked streets of Rome, And when thou find'st a man that's like thyself, Good Murder, stab him; he's a murderer. Go thou with him, and when it is thy hap
self-same name, but one of better nature. ANNE. Where is he? GLOUCESTER. Here. [She spits at him] Why dost thou spit at me? ANNE. Would it w
till an end turns me to shame! Sebastian, I have entertained thee Partly that I have need of such a youth That can with some discretion do my business, For 'tis no trusting to yond foo
. Pray thee go down. PISTOL. I'll see her damn'd first; to Pluto's damn'd lake, by this hand, to th' infernal deep, with Erebus and tortures vile also. Hold hook and line, say I. Down, down, d
"I don't know, sir. I hope to heaven that he has gone, for he has brought nothing but trouble here! I'
 yet; Not that I have the power to clutch my hand When his fair angels would salute my palm, But for my hand, as unattempted yet, Like a poor beggar raileth on the rich. Well, whiles I am a begg
ttom corner. It is filled with rough salt of the quality used for preserving hides and other of the coarser commercial purposes. And embedded in it are these
s Ford, what have you done? You're sham'd, y'are overthrown, y'are undone for ever. MRS. FORD. What's the matter, g
ERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTR
nd inconclusive interview, "you are taking a very great responsibility and putting yourself in a very false position by not making an absolutely clean breast of all that 
ttends every Cabinet meeting was increased by the solemn warning which was given by the Prime Minister. Goo
w it begins to work. KATHERINA. Gentlemen, forward to the bridal dinner. I see a woman may be made a fool If she had not a spirit to resist. PETRUCHIO. They shall go forward, Kate, at thy comman
 or not compassion him? Marcus, attend him in his ecstasy, That hath more scars of sorrow in his heart Than foemen's mar
uthor of the servant's damnation. But this is not so: the King is not bound to answer the particular end
everything. Then you hand over to me three quarters of what you earn, and you keep the other quarter for yourself.' "This was the strange proposal, Mr. Holmes, with which the man Blessingt
r Warwick? Why ask I that? My mangled body shows, My blood, my want of strength, my sick heart shows, That I must yield m
M. My lord, I do confess the ring was hers. KING. You boggle shrewdly; every feather starts you. Is this the man you speak of? DIANA. Ay, my lord. KING. Tell me, sirrah
serve us Till we serve you; but when you have our roses You barely leave our thorns to prick ourselves, And mock us with our bareness. BERTRAM. How have I sworn! DIANA. 'Tis not the 
won't find the order more flourishing anywhere in the States than right here in Vermissa Valley. But we could do
." "That sounds a little paradoxical." "But it is profoundly true. Singularity is almost invariably a clue. The more featureless and commonplace a crime is, the more difficult it is to bring it 
 that got this than the poor thing is here. I'll take it up for pity; yet I'll tarry till my son come; he halloo'd but even now. Whoa-ho-hoa! Enter 
sh pity; and Gloucester's show Beguiles him as the mournful crocodile With sorrow snares relenting passengers; Or as the snake, roll'd in a flow'ring b
h a stick or being pushed about the grounds by the gardener in a bath-chair. He was well liked by the few neighbours who called upon him, and he has the reputation down there of being a very learne
 bit of a villain. He is known to have held papers which he used for blackmailing purposes. These papers have all been burned by the murderers. No article of va
 everything. Then you hand over to me three quarters of what you earn, and you keep the other quarter for yourself.' "This was the strange proposal, Mr. H
, me your hand. Ah, my good lord, I grieve at what I speak, And am right sorry to repeat what follows. I have, and most unwillingly, of late Heard many grievous-I do say, my lo
aps, Alice, you had better leave us together,' she said, and her daughter withdrew. 'Now, sir,' she continued, 
 he would not be a wolf But that he sees the Romans are but sheep. He were no lion, were not Romans hinds. Th
st eight on the evening of the third. At two in the morning Drebber had been found in the Brixton Road. The question which confronted me was to fin
resh morning air, and rejoicing in the music of the birds and the fresh breath of the spring. From a rise of the road on the shoulder of Crooksbury Hill we could see the grim Hall bristlin
 suppose that man Phelps does not drink?" "I should not think so." "Nor should I, but we are bound to take every possibility into account. The poor devil has certainly got himself into very dee
t him; but the devil outbids him too. PRINCE. For the women? FALSTAFF. For one of them- she's in hell already, and burns poor souls. For th' other- I owe her mo
d to squander money on the turf, until he had again and again to come to me and implore me to give him an advance upon his allowance, that he might set
, sir; now shall you see the other. You do remember all the circumstance? Hor. Remember it, my lord! Ham. Sir, in my heart there was a kind of fighting
s are buried! Friar. Peace, ho, for shame! Confusion's cure lives not In these confusions. Heaven and yourself Had part in this fair maid! now heaven hath a
in with them. What do you think, Dr. Watson?" "There are no limits to the possibilities of monomania," I answered. "There is th
H PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2)
unt [Dogberry and Verges]. Enter Borachio and Conrade. Bora. What, Conrade! 2. Watch. [aside] Peace! stir not! Bora. Conrade, I say! Co
poor woman, sir, and Mr. Warren earns little, and the money meant much to me. He took out a ten-pound note, and he held it out to me then and there. 'You can have the same every fortnight for a lo
ditions: he is as valiant as a lion, churlish as the bear, slow as the elephant-a man into whom nature hath so crowded humours th
t once more. We had heard the creak of a step in the passage. Very stealthily we heard it pass along until it died away in the distance. Then the baronet gently opened his door and we s
the foggy morning light. On discovering their mistake they released him. What they would have done had it not been a mistake, we can only conjecture." "Well, what a
us at Baker Street with a printed description of the dark face of the secretary, and of the masterful features, the magnetic black eyes, and the tufted brows of his master. We could not doubt that ju
f it. 'He fires a sheet of this off every day,' said the clerk. 'Yes,' said I; 'it's special news for his paper, and he's scared 
h more important than appeared at first sight. It is clear now that some danger is threatening your lodger. It is equally clear that his enemies, lying in wait for hi
 I serve as good a man as you. Abr. No better. Samp. Well, sir. Enter Benvolio. Greg. [aside to Sampson] Say 'better.' Here comes one of my master's kinsmen. Samp. Yes, better
ointed to the street lamp above our heads. "He could see what he was doing here and he could not there. That was his reason." "By Jove! that's true,"
ss in order to ensure that justice be done. Will you associate me in your investigation, or will you pr
y to equal it. He was a man: this, in respect, a child; And men ne'er spend their fury on a child. What's worse than murderer, that 
don't know what made me look up, but there was a face looking in at me through the lower pane. Lord, sir, what a face it was! I'll see it in my dreams." "Tut, tut, Walters. This is n
r jests are something rank on foot, Her father hath commanded her to slip Away with Slender, and with him at Eton Immediately to marry; she hath consen
not a sceptre to control the world. Upright he held it, lords, that held it last. MARCUS. Titus, thou shalt obtain and ask the empery. SATURNINUS. Proud and ambitious Tribune, canst thou tell? TITUS.
of no ordinary merit. All the afternoon he sat in the stalls wrapped in the most perfect happiness, gently waving his long, thin fingers i
But when I tell you that there is some account of the taking of the place by a parliamentary colonel in
" "Have you shadowed her?" "We have set one of our women on to her. Mrs. Tangey drinks, and our woman has been with her twice when she was well on, but she could get nothing o
 have her at a few hours' notice." "That seems simple enough." "It is just these very simple things which are extremely liable to be overlooked. However, I determined to act on the idea
wish your peace. Exeunt PROSPERO. Come, with a thought. I thank thee, Ariel; come. Enter ARIEL ARIEL. Thy thoughts I cleave to. What's th
 he asked. "'Why, dear me, it is surely Hudson,' said Mr. Trevor in a tone of surprise. "'Hudson it is, sir,' said the seaman. 'Why, it's thirty year and more since I saw y
n you i' th' earth three-and-twenty years. Ham. Whose was it? Clown. A whoreson, mad fellow's it was. Whose do you think it was? Ham. Nay, I know 
of thy eyes and thy cheek's side struck off! Accursed tower! accursed fatal hand That hath contriv'd this woeful tragedy! In thirteen battle
II. Gloucester's Castle. Enter Cornwall, Regan, Goneril, [Edmund the] Bastard, and Servants. Corn. [to Goneril] Post speedily to my lord your husband, show him this letter. The ar
 she answered, and tried to close the door, but Holmes had jammed it with his foot. "Well, I want to see the man who lives here, whatever he may call himself," said Holmes firmly. She hes
 There are several points in this problem which I have not been able to explain to you yet. Now that I have got so far I h
nt SCENE 4. DOCTOR CAIUS'S house Enter MISTRESS QUICKLY, SIMPLE, and RUGBY QUICKLY. What, John Rugby! I pray thee go to 
E. I shall drive you then to confess the wilful abuse, and then I know how to handle you. FALSTAFF. No abuse, Hal, o' mine honour; no abuse. PRINCE. Not- to dispraise me, and call me pander, and bre
MARGARET. Ay, good my lord, and leave us to our fortune. KING HENRY. Why, that's my fortune too; therefore I'll stay. NORTHUMBERLAND. Be it with resoluti
 inclined to think neither. Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting. Why should she hand it over to anyone else? She could trust her own guardianship, bu
. GOWER. I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon; his father was called Philip of Macedon, as I take it. FLUELLEN. I 
 so long. The treasure had been found. It was up at the top of the house, in Mr. Bartholomew Sholto's chemical laboratory. I came at once and had a look at the place, bu
p into sedges. But, that my Lady Beatrice should know me, and not know me! The Prince's fool! Ha! it may be I go under that title because I am merry. Yea, but so I am apt
ough the growing gloom there pulsed the red glow of the furnaces on the sides of the hills. Great heaps of slag and dumps 
eous chase; and thus the hairy fool, Much marked of the melancholy Jaques, Stood on th' extremest verge of the swif
im tightness about the lips which would warn him that there were depths beyond, and that this pleasant, brown-haired young Irishman might conceivably 
he name of Hudson, who was so burned and exhausted that he could give us no account of what had happened until the following morning. "'It seemed that after we had left
 hast been conduct of my shame. SHERIFF. It is my office; and, madam, pardon me. DUCHESS. Ay, ay, farewell; thy office
onsibility which devolved upon him in consequence of the great interests at stake that safes of the very latest construction have been employed
r behind us, and we had become felons in the eyes of the law. The thick, warm air of the conservatory
m, may his Highness live in freedom, And this man out of prison? QUEEN KATHARINE. God mend all! KING. There's something more would out of thee: what say'st? SURVEYOR. After 'the Duk
ly. Better be with the dead, Whom we, to gain our peace, have sent to peace, Than on the torture of the mind to lie In restless ecstasy. Duncan is in his grave; After life's fitful fever he sleeps 
?" asked Young, looking round him. "Call them in, that I may greet them." "It is true that I have not married," Ferrier answered. "But women 
 did not want the hue and cry raised over him, one would imagine that he would have returned and remained at the hotel as an inoffensive tourist. As
hearers- three-man song-men all, and very good ones; but they are most of them means and bases; but one Puritan amongst them, and he sings psalms t
y's beauty. Let us be Diana's Foresters, Gentlemen of the Shade, Minions of the Moon; and let men say we be men of
e footmarks caused me to reconsider my views. Some of the inhabitants of the Indian Peninsula are small men, but none could have left such marks as 
stammer, that thou mightst pour this conceal'd man out of thy mouth, as wine comes out of narrow-mouth'd bottle-
g of Chopin's she plays so magnificently: Tra-la-la-lira-lira-lay." Leaning back in the cab, this amateur bloodhound carolled away like a lark while I meditated upon the man
 [get suggest gut for more information] dir [to see files] get or mget [to get files. . .set bin for zip files] GET 0INDEX.GUT for a list of books and GET NEW
e it second nature to me. I saw the heavy footmarks of the constables, but I saw also the track of the two men who
nce so predominant in your nature, That you can let this go? Are you so gospel'd, To pray for this good man and for his issue, Whose hea
with her wondrous praise. Bethink thee on her virtues that surmount, And natural graces that extinguish art; Repe
 the hearts to do it. Wherein, my friends, have I offended you? FIRST MURDERER. Offended us you have not, but the King. CLARENCE. I shall be reconcil'd to him again. SECOND MURDER
 SCENE 1. Windsor. Before PAGE'S house Enter JUSTICE SHALLOW, SLENDER, and SIR HUGH EVANS SHALLOW. Sir Hugh, persuade me not; I will make a Star Chamber matter of it; if he w
his effigies witness Most truly limn'd and living in your face, Be truly welcome hither. I am the Duke That lov'd your father. The residue of your for
n in the choice myself. How say you, madam? Are ye so content? MARGARET. An if my father please, I am content. SUFFOLK. Then call our captains and our colours forth! And, madam, at your fat
t we were back upon the moor once again. Every stride of the horses and every turn of the wheels was taking us nearer to our supreme adve
llar notes, "and as much more when he has seen all my papers." "What papers?" "Well, there are no papers. But I filled him up ab
 he was very flush of money, chucking shillings about to the men. I followed him some distance, but he subsided into an ale-house: so I went back to the yard, and, happening to p
tread In shape profane. MRS. FORD. And till he tell the truth, Let the supposed fairies pinch him sound, And burn him with their tapers. MRS. PAGE. The truth being kno
sign of life, nor of anything appertaining to life. There is no bird in the steel-blue heaven, no movement upon the dull, grey earth--above all, there is abso
ass The same I am, ere ancient'st order was Or what is now receiv'd. I witness to The times that brought them in; so shall I do To th' freshest things now reigning, and make stale The glis
this which now I draw. Thou marshal'st me the way that I was going, And such an instrument I was to use. Mine eyes are made the fools o' the other senses, Or else worth all the rest. I see thee still
d the ring, Mine shall not do his Julia so much wrong. JULIA. She thanks you. SILVIA. What say'st thou? JULIA. I thank you, madam, that you tender her. Poor gentlewoman, m
 my good Lord of Worcester will set forth To meet your father and the Scottish bower, As is appointed us, at Shrewsbury. My father Glendower is
ergavenny murder is coming up for trial. Only a very important issue could call me from London at present." "Important!" Our visitor threw up his hands. "Have you heard nothing of 
But wherefore grieve I at an hour's poor loss, Omitting Suffolk's exile, my soul's treasure? Why only, Suffolk, mourn I not for thee, And with the southern clouds contend in tears- The
with a small, driving rain. It was dreary work standing in the gate-way hour after hour in such weather. I tried again and again to make my Sikhs talk, but without much success. At two in the mo
said he would. Play music. I hear him near. Nurse! Wife! What, ho! What, nurse, I say! Enter Nurse. Go waken Juliet; go and trim her up. I'll go and chat wit
tal, confess'd and proved, Have overthrown him. MACBETH. [Aside.] Glamis, and Thane of Cawdor! The greatest is behind. [To Ross and Angus] Thanks for your pains. [Aside to Banquo] Do you not ho
ht. Of thy misprision must perforce ensue Some true love turn'd, and not a false turn'd true. PUCK. Then fate o'er-rules, that, one m
 the glass, but loss of blood had no effect in diminishing his resistance. It was not until Lestrade succeeded in getting his hand inside his neckcloth and half-strangling him that we made hi
m forth into the park. [Exit Servant.] Lady. But hear you, my lord. Hot. What say'st thou, my lady? Lady. What is it carries you away? H
 he is when he is angry." "If we are to go to Norwood it would perhaps be as well to start at once," I ventured to remark. He laughed until his ears were quite red. "That would hardly do," he cried. 
o the circumstances connected with the marriage of Enoch Drebber. The answer was conclusive. It told me that Drebber had already applied f
 for the old women were all dead. Then is there here one Master Caper, at the suit of Master Threepile the mercer, for some four su
arquin drive, when he was call'd a king. "Speak, strike, redress!" Am I entreated To speak and strike? O Rome, I make thee promise, If the redress will
ool with Apemantus. Let's ha' some sport with 'em. VARRO'S SERVANT. Hang him, he'll abuse us! ISIDORE'S SERVA
' and spent with crying 'Bring in'; now ill as low an ebb as the foot of the ladder, and by-and-by in as high a flow as the ridge of the gallows. Fal
and I dote In mine own comforts. I prithee, good Iago, Go to the bay and disembark my coffers. Bring thou the master to the citadel; He is a g
here in the windows of the great dark house, but that no one had left it and none had entered. We could but pray for patience and wait for the morrow. Sherlock Hol
vantage of being verbatim." "'Have I anything to say? Yes, I have a deal to say. I have to make a clean breast of it all. You can hang me, or you can leave me alone. I
 for some reason must have pointed to him. Is all this not obvious?" "It strikes me, my good Lestrade, as being just a trifle too obvious," said Holmes. "You do not add imagination to your oth
hizzing and buzzing in my ears. "'Well, I took to my heels, and I ran after the cab. I had a heavy oak stick in my hand, and I tel
an you shall hear the surly sullen bell Give warning to the world that I am fled From this vile world with vilest worms to dwell: Nay if you
y suit of pounds; and you, O fate! A very fresh-fish here-fie, fie, fie upon This compell'd fortune!-have your mouth fill'd up Before you open it. ANNE. This
hink I saw him yesternight. Ham. Saw? who? Hor. My lord, the King your father. Ham. The King my father? Hor. Season your admiration for a while With an attent ear, till I may deliver Upon the witness
sy Joan doth keel the pot. When all aloud the wind doth blow, And coughing drowns the parson's saw, And birds sit brooding in the snow, And Marian's nose looks red and raw, W
NE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR 
C_1 INDUCTION. SCENE I. Before an alehouse on a heath Enter HOSTESS and SLY SLY. I'll pheeze you, in faith. HOSTESS. A pair of stocks, you rogue! SLY. Y'a
ly sound; And if he chance to speak, be ready straight, And with a low submissive reverence Say 'What is it your honour will command?' Let one attend him with a silver basin Full of ros
all the morning he was saying to me that, whatever happened, I was to be true; and that even if something quite unforeseen occurred to separate us, I was always to remember t
ling contemptuously on thy disdain. And here is writ 'love-wounded Proteus.' Poor wounded name! my bosom,,as a bed, Shall lodge thee till thy wound be throughly heal'd; An
d add stronger bolts to our windows and doors. For a week he continued to be in a peculiar state of restlessness, peering continually out of
ad. Glend. I can call spirits from the vasty deep. Hot. Why, so can I, or so can any man; But will they come when you do call for the
 truest horse, that y et would never tire. Re-enter PUCK, and BOTTOM with an ass's head BOTTOM. If I were fair, Thisby, I were only thine.
 at some points in the West End. I had a vague memory that as I have travelled by it I have occasionally seen windows just above my head. Now, suppose that a train halted under such a window, wo
 There is, however, one of these last which was so remarkable in its details and so startling in its results that I am tempted to give some 
n need, Nor do I thee. Though I did wish him dead, I hate the murderer, love him murdered. The guilt of conscience ta
erving itself to action. Leaving the limp and motionless body of the editor at the head of the stair, the criminals rushed down and made their way swiftly al
ination then, and not theirs. THESEUS. If we imagine no worse of them than they of themselves, they may pass for exc
n a religious life, And thrown into neglect the pompous court. JAQUES DE BOYS. He hath. JAQUES. To him will I. Out of
ter Ignorance, how deformed dost thou look! NATHANIEL. Sir, he hath never fed of the dainties that are bred in a book; He hath not eat paper, as it were;
door! and when thou hast done so, Come weep with me- past hope, past cure, past help! Friar. Ah, Juliet, I already know thy grief; It strains me past the 
t of a fenny snake, In the cauldron boil and bake; Eye of newt and toe of frog, Wool of bat and tongue of dog, Adder's fork and blind-worm's sting, Lizard's leg and howle
say they be fled. Germans are honest men. Enter SIR HUGH EVANS EVANS. Where is mine host? HOST. What is the matter, sir? EVANS. Have a care of
rs. Ham. He poisons him i' th' garden for's estate. His name's Gonzago. The story is extant, and written in very choice Italian. You shall see anon how the murtherer gets the love of Gonzago's w
ty. Oph. Could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with honesty? Ham. Ay, truly; for the power of beauty will sooner transform honesty fr
And by the merit of vile gold, dross, dust, Purchase corrupted pardon of a man, Who in that sale sells pardon from himself- Though
ooks? Not to the beast that would usurp their den. Whose hand is that the forest bear doth lick? Not his that spoils her young before her face. Who scapes the lurki
the gold] That have their alms out of the Empress' chest. Enter TAMORA alone, to the Moor TAMORA. My lovely Aaron, wherefore look'st thou sad When everyt
k't, Or did it from his teeth. OCTAVIA. O my good lord, Believe not all; or if you must believe, Stomach not all. A more unhappy lady, If this division chance, ne'er stood be
o be quite unnecessarily excited about it, declaring that a day should not pass before we should add stronger bolts to our windows and doors. For a week he 
, I think that I hear him coming." A sound of quick steps broke the silence of the moor. Crouching among the stones we stared intently at the silver-tippe
 to himself. MACBETH. Throw physic to the dogs, I'll none of it. Come, put mine armor on; give me my staff. Seyton, send out. Doctor, the Thanes fly from me. Come, sir, dispatch.
saint-seducing gold. O, she's rich in beauty; only poor That, when she dies, with beauty dies her store. Ben. Then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste? Rom. She h
DICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE O
ents which aided to expose the child were even then lost when it was found. But, O, the noble combat that 'twixt joy and sorrow was fought in Paulina
t is not all empty superstition. I had something to do with dogs when I was out West, and I know one when I hear one. If you can muzzle that one and put him on a chain I'll be ready to swear
rumble to the ground." A figure was approaching us over the moor, and I saw the dull red glow of a cigar. The moon shone upon him, and I could distinguish 
s. Th' Athenians By two of their most reverend Senate greet thee. Speak to them, noble Timon. Enter TIMON out of his cave TIMON. Thou sun that comforts, burn. Speak and be hang'd! For each true word 
Rouen. BASTARD. Here ent'red Pucelle and her practisants; Now she is there, how will she specify Here is the best and safest passage in? ALENCON. By thrusting out a torch from yonder 
IZEL. Fortune speed us! Thus we set on, Camillo, to th' sea-side. CAMILLO. The swifter speed the better. Exeunt FLORIZEL, PERDITA, and CAMILLO AUTOLYCUS.
e foolish runaways. Exeunt SCENE III. Before OLIVER'S house Enter ORLANDO and ADAM, meeting ORLANDO. Who's there? ADAM. What, my you
 her dishonour, With such a costly loss of wealth and friends. He like a puling cuckold would drink up The lees and dregs of a flat tamed piece; You, like a lecher, out of whorish 
at, and the humour of forty fancies prick'd in't for a feather; a monster, a very monster in apparel, and not like a Christian footboy or a gentlema
e will ensue a hideous scandal, which will throw a cloud not only on the college, but on the University. Above all things I desire to settle the matter quietly and discreetly." "I
e who is victor, York or Warwick? Why ask I that? My mangled body shows, My blood, my want of strength, my sick heart shows, That I must yield my body to t
 to me, yet in other places she enlargeth her mirth so far that there is shrewd construction made of her. Now, Sir John, here is the heart of my purpose: you are a
ile, Whom for the theft I wedded, stole these children Upon my banishment; I mov'd her to't, Having receiv'd the punishment before For that wh
e-book. The markings were done in pencil, and ran in this way:-- [ Picture: Picture of several figures of dancing men, some holding flags ] Holmes examined it for some time, and 
r Cut off the heads of too fast growing sprays That look too lofty in our commonwealth: All must be even in our government. You thus employ
 SIR ANDREW SIR TOBY. Why, man, he's a very devil; I have not seen such a firago. I had a pass with him, rapier, scabbard, and all, and he gives me the stuck in with such a mortal motion that it is
! cuckold! Exit SCENE 3. A field near Windsor Enter CAIUS and RUGBY CAIUS. Jack Rugby! RUGBY. Sir? CAIUS. Vat is de clock, Jack? RUGBY.
nd reverend signiors, My very noble and approved good masters, That I have ta'en away this old man's daughter, It is most true; true, I have married her; The very head and 
mall farmers, well known and respected over the country-side, while I was always a bit of a rover. At last, however, when I was about eighteen, I gave them no more trouble, for I g
 will have all, I think. Enter to the LORD CHAMBERLAIN the DUKES OF NORFOLK and SUFFOLK NORFOLK. Well met, my Lord Chamberlai
My business cannot brook this dalliance. Good sir, say whe'r you'll answer me or no; If not, I'll leave him to the officer. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. I answer you! 
 stanze, a verse; lege, domine. NATHANIEL. [Reads] 'If love make me forsworn, how shall I swear to love? Ah, never faith could hold, if not to beauty vowed! Though to myself forswor
and complete frankness between us. I am disposed to help your Grace to the best of my ability; but in order to do so I must understand to the last detail how the matter stands. I realize tha
The Queen returns, finds the King dead, and makes passionate action. The Poisoner with some three or four Mutes, comes in again, seem to condole with her. The dead body is carried away. The Po
if Edward repossess the crown, 'Tis like that Richmond with the rest shall down. SOMERSET. It shall be so; he shall to Brittany. Come therefore, let's about it speedil
LES PAROLLES. Good Monsieur Lavache, give my Lord Lafeu this letter. I have ere now, sir, been better known to you, when I have held familiarity with fresher clothes; but I am now, s
your daughter? CALCHAS. [Within] She comes to you. Enter TROILUS and ULYSSES, at a distance; after them THERSITES ULYSSES. Stand whe
ot worth in me such rich beholding As they have often given. Here is Ulysses. I'll interrupt his reading. How now, Ulysses! ULY
mper'd jades of Asia, Which cannot go but thirty mile a day, Compare with Caesars, and with Cannibals, And Troiant Greeks? Nay, rather damn them with King Cerberus; and let the welkin roar.
I will; and more I will Than for myself I dare. Let that suffice you. IAGO. Is my lord angry? EMILIA. He went hence but now, And certainly in strange unquietness. IAGO. Can he be 
ly- Those bated that inherit but the fall Of the last monarchy-see that you come Not to woo honour, but to wed it; when The bravest questant shrinks, find what you seek, That
h, dame, Or with this paper shall I stop it. [Shows her her letter to Edmund.]- [To Edmund]. Hold, sir. [To Goneril] Thou worse than any name, read thine own evil. No t
est of them our driver suddenly came to a stand. "That's Audley Court in there," he said, pointing to a narrow slit in the
re shall we go? TITANIA. Be kind and courteous to this gentleman; Hop in his walks and gambol in his eyes;
e which he will not every hour survey, For blunting the fine point of seldom pleasure. Therefore are feasts so solemn and so rare, Since seldom coming
S BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES 
uarrels die, Andronicus; And let it be mine honour, good my lord, That I have reconcil'd your friends and you. For you, Prince Bassianus, I have pa
that foul tongue. I did it, Mr. Holmes. I would do it again. Deeply as I have sinned, I have led a life o
sh practices; Or if he were not privy to those faults, Yet by reputing of his high descent- As next the King he was successive heir- And such high vaunts of his nobility, Did insti
 thou mayst be a queen and check the world! CONSTANCE. My bed was ever to thy son as true As thine was to thy husband; 
rships have deliver'd the matter well, when I find the ass in compound with the major part of your syllables; and though I must be content to bear with those t
olerable fright to be detected with a jealous rotten bell-wether; next, to be compass'd like a good bilbo in the circumference of a peck, hilt to point, heel to head; and then, to be 
nto this closet. [Shuts SIMPLE in the closet] He will not stay long. What, John Rugby! John! what, Joh
 Sherlock Holmes. This is my intimate friend and associate, Dr. Watson, before whom you can speak as freely as before mysel
ntrivance could do that?" "I fear," said Holmes, "that if the matter is beyond humanity it is certainly beyond me. Yet we must exhaust all natural explanations before we fall back 
ame should be hang'd and carved upon these trees? ROSALIND. I was seven of the nine days out of the wonder before you came; for look here what I found on a
ns and boardinghouses. She is a stray chicken in a world of foxes. When she is gobbled up she is hardly missed. I much fear that some evil has come to the Lady Frances Carfax." I was relieved 
Vermissa. When a few of the bravest had rallied, and there was a return to the mine, the murderous gang had vanished in the mists of morning, without a single witness being able to swear to the i
 Ratcliff, come hither. Post to Salisbury; When thou com'st thither- [To CATESBY] Dull, unmindfull villain, Why stay'st thou here, and go'st not to the Duke? CATESBY. First, mighty liege, tell me
r your servant who gave them to him may get into trouble with the police." "That is unlikely. There was no mark on any of them, as far as I know." "That's luck
eir drowsy grave and newly move With casted slough and fresh legerity. Lend me thy cloak, Sir Thomas. Brothers both, Commend me to the princes in our camp; Do my good morrow to them
ey had hastened to prime themselves for the work before them. Baldwin and Cormac were already half-drunk, and the liquor had brought out all their ferocity. Cormac placed
 KING. Well, sit out; go home, Berowne; adieu. BEROWNE. No, my good lord; I have sworn to stay with you; And though I have 
oid him if you saw him. FALSTAFF. Hang him, mechanical salt-butter rogue! I will stare him out of his wits; I will awe him with my cudgel; it shall hang like a me
pbraidings: Unquiet meals make ill digestions; Thereof the raging fire of fever bred; And what's a fever but a fit of 
n thus: Dear Mr. Holmes: I am very anxious to consult you as to whether I should or should not accept a situation which has been offered to me as gover
ERDITA. Out, alas! You'd be so lean that blasts of January Would blow you through and through. Now, my fair'st friend, I would I had some flow'rs o' th' spring that might Beco
 Orlando. ROSALIND. Alas the day! what shall I do with my doublet and hose? What did he when thou saw'st him? What said he? How look'd he? Wherein went he? What make
le do I sit; And when fair Cressid comes into my thoughts- So, traitor, then she comes when she is thence. PANDARUS. Well, she look'd yesternight
 daughter Juliet, How stands your disposition to be married? Jul. It is an honour that I dream not of. Nurse. An honour? Were not I
er my husband took out some bread and meat to him. Every day we hoped that he was gone, but as long as he was there we could not desert him. That is the whole truth, as I am an honest Christi
 nowhere was there any hope for the men and women who lived under the yoke of the terror. Never had the cloud above them been so dark and hopeless as in the early summer of the year
s, That shall not be my offer, not thy asking? The head is not more native to the heart, The hand more instrumental to the mouth, Than is the throne of Denmark to thy fat
ell me, what says my love? Nurse. Your love says, like an honest gentleman, and a courteous, and a kind, and a hands
dreariest of them our driver suddenly came to a stand. "That's Audley Court in there," he said, pointing to a narrow slit in the
ther part of the field Alarum; excursions. Enter NORFOLK and forces; to him CATESBY CATESBY. Rescue, my Lord of Norfolk, rescue, rescue! The King enacts more wonders 
LINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OT
uperfluity. See, our best elders. Enter COMINIUS, TITUS LARTIUS, with other SENATORS; JUNIUS BRUTUS and SICINIUS VELUTUS FIRST SENATOR. Marcius, 'tis true 
an the molehills that dot the fields. I walked to the window and looked out on the deserted street. The occasional lamps gleamed on the expanse of 
e forgotten the horrible stuffiness of the room when we arrived, though the servant had thrown open the window. That servant, I found upon inquiry, was so ill that she had go
done To smile at scapes and perils overblown. My fair Bianca, bid my father welcome, While I with self-same kindness welcome thine. Brother Petruchio, 
t lend to another; for were your god-heads to borrow of men, men would forsake the gods. Make the meat be beloved more than the man that gives i
 their game, and we will to our recreation. Exeunt SCENE III. The park Enter BEROWNE, with a paper his band, alone BEROWNE. The King he is hunting the deer: I am coursing myself. They have pitch'd a
ROWNE. LADIES Unmask MARIA. That last is Berowne, the merry mad-cap lord; Not a word with him but a jest. BOYET. And every jest but a word. PRINCESS OF FRANCE.
MILIA. I will not charm my tongue; I am bound to speak. My mistress here lies murther'd in her bed- ALL. O heavens forfend! EMILIA. And your reports have set the murther o
hat three times to-day You have defended me from imminent death. Well, lords, we have not got that which we have; 'Tis not enough our foes are this time fled, Being opposites of such r
atio, I'll take the ghost's word for a thousand pound! Didst perceive? Hor. Very well, my lord. Ham. Upon the talk of the poisoning? Hor. I did very well note him. Ham. 
trange signals. But there is a tone in my wife's voice, Mr. Holmes, and a look in her eyes which forbid doubt, and I am sure that it was indeed my own safety that was in her mind
throws light upon the other. That point is the request made by Pinner that you should not resign your place, but should leave the manager of this important business in the ful
 My tricksy spirit! ALONSO. These are not natural events; they strengthen From strange to stranger. Say, how came you hither
easure can do against a monarch! You may as well go about to turn the sun to ice with fanning in his face with a peacock's feather. You'll never trust his word after! Come, 'tis a 
it will not lead very far." We found, however, as we advanced that this portion of the moor is intersected with soft patches, and, though we frequently lost sight of the track, w
n territories, And therein reverenc'd for their lawful king. Shall I, for lucre of the rest unvanquish'd, Detract so much from that prerogative As to be call'd but viceroy of the whole? No, Lord 
t. YORK. Speak it in French, King, say 'pardonne moy.' DUCHESS. Dost thou teach pardon pardon to destroy? Ah, my sour husband, my hard-hearted lord, That sets 
herd beaten from thy side, And wolves are gnarling who shall gnaw thee first. Ah, that my fear were false! ah, that it were! For, good King Henry, thy decay I fear. Exit, guarded KING HENRY. My lords
ht that even now You may imagine him upon Blackheath; Where that his lords desire him to have borne His bruised helmet and his bended sword Before him th
ion, and it has the advantage of being verbatim." "'Have I anything to say? Yes, I have a deal to say. I have to make a clean breast of it all. You can hang me, or you 
 me; but if I spar'd any That had a head to hit, either young or old, He or she, cuckold or cuckold-maker, Let me ne'er hope to see a chine 
vengeance," said he when the long narrative was finished. "Of course, I've heard of the hound ever since I was in the nursery. It's the pet story of the family, though I never thought of takin
ace to all his neighbours. God shall be truly known; and those about her From her shall read the perfect ways of honour, And by those claim their greatness, not by blood. Nor shall this pea
 OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (
 I will entertain them. Fellow, wilt thou bestow thy time with me? STRATO. Ay, if Messala will prefer me to you. OCTAVIUS. Do so, good Messala. MESSALA. How died my
refuge towards which he struggled through the fog upon that last night. Somewhere in the heart of the great Grimpen Mire, down in the foul slime of the huge morass which
it was in vain until the fog had lifted. Meanwhile we left Lestrade in possession of the house while Holmes and I went back with the baronet to Baskerville Hall. The story of the Stapletons could 
t he pushed and pulled and butted until he got me through the crowd, and right up to the steps which led to the office. T
kable impression upon Mrs. Barclay. If he were still in Aldershot it should not be a very difficult matter. There are not such a very great number of civilians, and a deformed man was 
elds thy death's instrument. [Snatching a weapon and killing one] Go thou and fill another room in hell. [He kills another, then EXTON strikes
Our guide had left us the lantern. Holmes swung it slowly round, and peered keenly at the house, and at the great rubbish-heaps which cumbered the grounds. Miss Morstan and I stood toge
ds of justice are served, why I should disclose all that I know. As to Hayes I say nothing. The gallows awaits him, and I would do nothing to sa
XT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONL
w signs of strange weapons I was inclined to think so; but the remarkable character of the footmarks caused me to reconsider my views. Some of the inh
ng is, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, that if my friend here had not proposed coming round to you this morning I should have come on my own account. I understand that you think out little puzzles, and I've had
 about 'em. The reason why the seven stars are no moe than seven is a pretty reason. Lear. Because they are not eight? Fool. Yes indeed. Thou wouldst make a good fool. Lear. To tak't again perforce! 
here has suddenly sprung up a barrier between us, and I find that there is something in her life and in her thought of which I know as little as i
wn part, I came in late. What should he do here? AENEAS. Who!-nay, then. Come, come, you'll do him wrong ere you are ware; you'll be so true to h
st," said Holmes, "you have had your revenge upon them. There can be no question that it was your oil-lamp which, when it was crushed in the press, set fire to the wo
ut two mornings later a fresh inscription had appeared. I have a copy of it here":-- [ Picture: Picture of some more dan
ttle old man, jerking and twitching in the doorway. He was dressed in rusty black, with a very broad brimmed top-hat and a loose white necktie--the whole effect being that of a very rustic par
a three-pil'd piece, I warrant thee. I had as lief be a list of an English kersey as be pil'd, as thou art pil'd, for a French velvet. Do I speak feelingly now? LUCIO.
rs Hack'd one another in the sides of Caesar. You show'd your teeth like apes, and fawn'd like hounds, And bow'd like bondmen, kissing Cae
ll, what have you to say?" "If you give me away, may a curse be on you!" "Sure, I said I would not." "I would ask you
ference. If she find him not, To England send him; or confine him where Your wisdom best shall think. King. It shall be so. Madness
OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE I. Cyprus. Before the castle. Enter Othello and Iago. IAGO. Will you think so? OTHELLO. Think so, Iago? IAGO. What, To kiss in private? 
ar you. CASSIO. Prithee, keep up thy quillets. There's a poor piece of gold for thee. If the gentlewoman that attends the general's wife be stirring, tell her there's one Cas
gone. I got into his room that same night, though, and I searched his papers to see if there was any record of where he had hidden our jewels. There was
e butt-end of the gun as the son stood listening. And this? Ha, ha! What have we here? Tiptoes! tiptoes! Square, too, quite unusual boots! They come, they go, they
d, are you not content? TALBOT. Content, my liege! Yes; but that I am prevented, I should have begg'd I might have been employ'd. KING H
y, theirs shall second them; And so success of mischief shall be born, And heir from heir shall hold this quarrel up Whiles England shall have generation. PRINCE JOHN. YOU 
agony the stolen papers were within the very room with me all the time?" "So it was." "And Joseph! Joseph a villain and a thief!" "Hum! I am afraid Joseph's character is a rather dee
. Only, this one: Lord Angelo is precise; Stands at a guard with envy; scarce confesses That his blood flows, or that his appetite Is more to bread than stone. H
om me; So leaves me to consider what is breeding That changes thus his manners. CAMILLO. I dare not know, my lord. POLIXENES. How, dare no
ough. On's bed of death Many receipts he gave me; chiefly one, Which, as the dearest issue of his practice, And of his old experience th' only darling, He bade me store up as a
the infancy of truth. CRESSIDA. In that I'll war with you. TROILUS. O virtuous fight, When right with right wars who shall be most right! True swains in love shall in the world to come Approve thei
 Enter TOUCHSTONE and AUDREY JAQUES. There is, sure, another flood toward, and these couples are coming to the ark. Here comes a pair of very strange beasts which in all tongues are call'd f
amp of her and run from her by her own light. I warrant, her rags and the tallow in them will burn Poland winter. If she lives till doomsday, she'll burn week longer than the whole world. ANTIPH
 was certainly feeling very weary, so I obeyed his injunction. I left Holmes seated in front of the smouldering fire, and long into the watches of the night 
- either to utter them or conceal them. I am, sir, under the King, in some authority. PISTOL. Under which king, Bezonian? Speak, or die. SHALLOW. Under King 
ry, a company of Sikhs, and a lot of civilians and women-folk. There were ten thousand rebels round us, and they were as keen as a set of terriers round a rat-cage. Ab
ied by silver, poured in upon me, and it was a very bad day in which I failed to take £2. "As I grew richer I grew more ambitious, took a house in the countr
ter than my faith. PERDITA. O, but, sir, Your resolution cannot hold when 'tis Oppos'd, as it must be, by th' pow'r of the King. One of these two must be 
y behind you." He stepped past and laid his hand upon the glossy neck of the thoroughbred. "The horse!" cried both the Colonel and myself. "Yes, the horse. And it may lessen 
or Moriarty. I confess that it left an unpleasant effect upon my mind. His soft, precise fashion of speech leaves a conviction of sincerity which a mere b
 two nights later. When I came I found him three parts drunk and in a vile temper. We sat down and we drank and we yarned about old times, but the more he drank the less I liked the look 
Over the rocks, in the crevice of which the candle burned, there was thrust out an evil yellow face, a terrible animal face, all s
jaculated, as a man stepped out of it. "Want! He wants us. And we, my poor Watson, want overcoats and cravats and galoshes, and every aid that man ever invent
aired of, and when at last I came to myself and became convalescent, I was so weak and emaciated that a medical board determined that not a day should be lost in sending me 
n the open heath on one side and an old yew hedge upon the other, surrounding a park which is studded with magnificent trees. There was a main gateway of lichen-studded stone, each side p
e will only get after he had secured his man. That he may be safely trusted to do, for although he is absolutely devoid of reason, he is as tenacious as a bulldog wh
ren, The most diminutive of birds, will fight, Her young ones in her nest, against the owl. All is the fear and nothing is the love; As little 
ade." "What is it, then?" I asked. "Don't know--may be anything. But I suspect it is the sequel of the story of the 
may have afforded a finer field for an acute and original observer, but the other was so strange in its inception and so dramatic in its details that it may be the more wor
hain of events. It was a blazing hot day in August. Baker Street was like an oven, and the glare of the sunlight upon the yellow brickwork of the house
xt month with us. Gon. You see how full of changes his age is. The observation we have made of it hath not been little. He always lov'd our sister most, and with what poor judgment he hath now 
self, but love you are No longer yours, than you your self here live, Against this coming end you should prepare, And your sweet semblance to some other give. So should that
st, and he stood pointing with a look of triumph upon his face. A man's track was visible beside the horse's. "The horse
ls were in her, all told, when we set sail from Falmouth. "'The partitions between the cells of the convicts, instead of being of thick oak, as is usual in convict-ships, were quite thin a
 "Why, it is simple enough. The two stains did correspond, but the carpet has been turned round. As it was square and unfastened it was easily done." "The official police don't need you, Mr. Holmes,
ssed in your clothes. I fear your servant who gave them to him may get into trouble with the police." "That is unlikely. There was no mark on any of them, as far as I know." "That's lucky for 
 The attack upon Mr. Warren further shows that the enemy, whoever they are, are themselves not aware of the substitution of the female lodger for the mal
 whale fisher. In 1883 he commanded the steam sealer Sea Unicorn, of Dundee. He had then had several successful voyages in succession, and in the following year, 1884, he retired.
hing to pain you?' said I. "'Well, you certainly touched upon rather a tender point. Might I ask how you know, and how much you kno
JECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE F
s that my father that went hence so fast? Ben. It was. What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours? Rom. Not having that which having makes them short. Ben. In lo
e were as twinn'd lambs that did frisk i' th' sun And bleat the one at th' other. What we chang'd Was innocence for innocen
darkness in which the power of evil is exalted?" As if in answer to his words there rose suddenly out of the vast gloom of the moor that strange cry which I had already heard upon the borders 
OJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, A
by sea and land In every place save here in Italy. CASSIUS. I know where I will wear this dagger then: Cassius from bondage will deliver Cassius. Therein, ye gods, you make t
was full of curiosity. I told them all that we had done, suppressing, however, the more dreadful parts of the tragedy. Thus, although I spoke of Mr. Sholto's death, I said nothing of the exact ma
UINCE. Is all our company here? BOTTOM. You were best to call them generally, man by man, according to the scrip. QUINCE. Here is the scroll of every man's name which is thought fit, through al
e. He hath eaten me out of house and home; he hath put all my substance into that fat belly of his. But I will have some of it out again, or I will ride thee a nights like 
don'd the deceiver, dwell In this bare island by your spell; But release me from my bands With the help of your good hands. Gentle breath of yours my sails Must fill, or else my project fails, W
ers. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. I knew 't'would be a bald conclusion. But, soft, who wafts us yonder? Enter ADRIANA and LUCIANA ADRIANA. Ay, ay, Antiphol
t was inconceivable." "You cannot throw any new light upon the affair?" "I know nothing myself save what I have read or heard. I have no desire to be discourteous, but
he ledge above the Reichenbach Fall." The Colonel still stared at my friend like a man in a trance. "You cunning, cunning f
be gone? Sweet Valentine, adieu! Think on thy Proteus, when thou haply seest Some rare noteworthy object in thy travel. Wish me partaker in thy happiness When th
cunning, though. They must have thought that there was some chance of their being followed, for they would never go out alone, and never after nig
ls within. Anon, good nurse! Sweet Montague, be true. Stay but a little, I will come again. [Exit.] Rom. O blessed, blessed night! I am afeard, Being in
ood lord, let me o'errule you now. That sport best pleases that doth least know how; Where zeal strives to content, and the contents Dies in the zeal of that which it presents. Their form
of love With wings more momentary-swift than thought. You will catch cold, and curse me. CRESSIDA. Prithee tarry. You men will never tarry. O foolish C
orn these ears of mine Heard you confess you had the chain of him, After you first forswore it on the mart; And thereupon I drew my sword on you, And then you fled into this abbey
How now? Who calls? Nurse. Your mother. Jul. Madam, I am here. What is your will? Wife. This is the matter- Nurse, give leave awhile, We must talk in secret. Nurse, come back again; I hav
 I tender dearly, though I say I am a magician. Therefore put you in your best array, bid your friends; for if you will be married to-morrow, you shall; and to Rosalind, if you 
NE. Not your gaoler then, But your kind. hostess. Come, I'll question you Of my lord's tricks and yours when you were boys. You were pretty lordings then! POLIXENES. We wer
liet? She's very near her hour. ANGELO. Dispose of her To some more fitter place, and that with speed. Re-enter SERVANT SERVANT. Here is the sister of the man condemn'd Desires access to yo
IDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (
IDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS 
IRAS, and MARDIAN CLEOPATRA. My desolation does begin to make A better life. 'Tis paltry to be Caesar: Not being Fortune, he's but Fortune's knave, A minister of her will; and it i
l now deny to dance? She that makes dainty, She I'll swear hath corns. Am I come near ye now? Welcome, gentlemen! I have seen the day That I have worn a visor and could tell
ated at a table. ANTONY. These many then shall die, their names are prick'd. OCTAVIUS. Your brother too must die; consent you, Lepidus? LEPIDUS. I do consent- 
 "We were both in the photograph." "Oh, dear! That is very bad! Your Majesty has indeed committed an indiscretion." "I was mad--insane." "You have compromised yourself seriously." "I wa
that hour of darkness in which the power of evil is exalted?" As if in answer to his words there rose suddenly out of the vast gloom of the moor 
ur blows are yet unknown; But for your words, they rob the Hybla bees, And leave them honeyless. ANTONY. Not stingless too. BRUTUS. O, yes, and soundless too, For y
ROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSON
d me thy sword. Fal. O Hal, I prithee give me leave to breathe awhile. Turk Gregory never did such deeds in arms as I have done this day. I have paid Percy; I have made him sure. Prince. He
 way shall be paved with English faces. CONSTABLE. I will not say so, for fear I should be fac'd out of my way; but I would it were morning, for I would
 bounds we have o'erlook'd, And calmly run on in obedience Even to our ocean, to great King John. My arm shall give thee help to bear thee hence; For I do
m, some declensions of your pronouns. WILLIAM. Forsooth, I have forgot. EVANS. It is qui, quae, quod; if you forget your qui's, your quae's, and your quod's, you must be preeches. Go your wa
 He is afear'd to come. CLEOPATRA. I will not hurt him. These hands do lack nobility, that they strike A meaner than myself; since I myself Have given myself the cause.
dless remnant of that royal blood! Be it lawful that I invocate thy ghost To hear the lamentations of poor Anne, Wife to thy Edward, to thy slaughtered son, Stabb'd by the self-same hand that ma
ou, Sir, come you hither. You that have been so tenderly officious With Lady Margery, your midwife there, To save this bastard's life- for 'tis a bastard, So sure as this beard's grey- what w
 I keep safe, Or some of you shall smoke for it in Rome. DEMETRIUS. By this our mother is for ever sham'd. CHIRON. Rome will despise her for this foul escape. NURSE. The Emperor in his rage will do
to spend my breath, Which neither here I'll keep nor bear again, But end it by some means for Imogen. Enter two BRITISH CAPTAINS and soldiers FIRST CAPTAIN. Great Jupiter be prais'd! Lucius 
fiery steeds, Thy burning car never had scorch'd the earth! And, Henry, hadst thou sway'd as kings should do, Or as thy father and his father did, 
hough mine enemy thou hast ever been, High sparks of honour in thee have I seen. Enter EXTON, with attendants, hearing a coffin EXTON. Great King, within this coffin I p
 conclusion, To pray for them that have done scathe to us! GLOUCESTER. So do I ever- [Aside] being well advis'd; For had I curs'd now, I had curs'd myself. Enter CATESBY CATESBY. Madam, his Majesty
for. FALSTAFF. Men of all sorts take a pride to gird at me. The brain of this foolish-compounded clay, man, is not able to invent anything that intends to laughter, more than I invent or i
[Aside] Pray heaven she win him. ISABELLA. We cannot weigh our brother with ourself. Great men may jest with saints: 'tis wit in them; But in the
e were two such, we should have none shortly, for one would kill the other. Thou! why, thou wilt quarrel with a man that hath a hair more or a hair less in h
hope of life and victory. Forslow no longer; make we hence amain. Exeunt SCENE IV. Another part of the field Excursions. Enter RICHARD and CLIFFORD RICHARD. Now, Clifford, I have si
Listen to this: "It is satisfactory to know that there can be no difference of opinion upon this case, since Mr. Lestrade, one of the most experienced members of the official force, and Mr. She
liction till it do cry out itself 'Enough, enough,' and die. That thing you speak of, I took it for a man. Often 'twould say 'The fiend, the fiend'- he led me to that pla
Witness my son, now in the shade of death, Whose bright out-shining beams thy cloudy wrath Hath in eternal darkness folded up. Your aery buildeth in our aery's nest. O God t
ilverton lay, all mottled with his blood, upon the table. Holmes tossed it in among the blazing papers. Then he drew the key from the outer door, passed through after me, and locked it on the outsi
long it could not be Till that her garments, heavy with their drink, Pull'd the poor wretch from her melodious lay To muddy death. Laer. Alas, then she is drown'd? Queen. Drown'd, drown'd. Laer. To
u ruined mine. You will wring no more hearts as you wrung mine. I will free the world of a poisonous thing. Take that, you hound, and that!--and that
 Admit no messengers, receive no tokens. Which done, she took the fruits of my advice, And he, repulsed, a short tale to make, Fell into a sadness, then into a fast, Thence to a watch, thence into
r Ettie or her lover set foot in the Valley of Fear. Ten days later they were married in Chicago, with old Jacob Shafter as witness of the wedding. The trial of the Scowrers was held far from the
, With all appliances and means to boot, Deny it to a king? Then, happy low, lie down! Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown. Enter WARWICK and Surrey WARWICK. Many good morrows to your Majesty! KI
nst him. His wife is a bad lot, though. I fancy she knows more about this than appears." "Have you shadowed her?" "We have set one of our women on to her. Mrs. Tangey drinks, and our woman has be
That was why I thought to speak with you." "Well, what have you to say?" "If you give me away, may a curse be on you!" "Sure, I said I would not." "I would ask you, t
ms to me that all the detectives of fact and of fancy would be children in your hands. That's your line of life, sir, and you may take the word of a man who has seen something of the world.' "A
dy, shame would have it hid! Reg. Was he not companion with the riotous knights That tend upon my father? Glou. I know not, madam. 'Tis too bad, too bad! 
ife seen anything more clearly. As far as I could judge, the figure was that of a tall, thin man. He stood with his legs a little separated, his arms folded, his head bowed, as if he were
ver with excuse That which appears in proper nakedness? Friar. Lady, what man is he you are accus'd of? Hero. They know that do accuse me; I know none. If I know more of any man alive Than tha
ning; but it is only now that it has been possible to confirm the strange rumours which have been so persistently floating about. In spite of the attempts of the friends to hush the mat
hen her sister must have been undoubtedly alone when she met her mysterious end." "What becomes, then, of these nocturnal whistles, and what of the very peculiar words of the dying woman?" "I cann
sick else. This day, no man think Has business at his house; for all shall stay. This little one shall make it holiday. Exeunt KING_HENRY_VIII|EPILOGUE THE EPILOGUE. 'Tis ten to one this play can 
out a care in the world. Now I am left to a lonely and dishonoured age. One sorrow comes close upon the heels of another. My niece, Mary, has deserted me." "Deserted you?" "Yes. Her be
he drew up his own death-warrant at the same time," said Lestrade. "Oh, you think so?" "Don't you?" "Well, it is quite possible; but the case is not clear to me yet." "Not clear? Well, if that isn't
licable part of it. The message was absurd and trivial. Ah, my God, it is as I feared!' "As he spoke we came round the curve of the avenue, and saw in the fading light that every blind in the 
Shall I speak a word in your ear? Claud. God bless me from a challenge! Bene. [aside to Claudio] You are a villain. I jest not; I will make it good how you dare, with what you dar
ore task Does not divide the Sunday from the week. What might be toward, that this sweaty haste Doth make the night joint-labourer with the day? Who is't that can inform me? Hor. That can I. At le
ss Page and I will look some linen for your head. MRS. PAGE. Quick, quick; we'll come dress you straight. Put on the gown the while. Exit FALSTAFF MRS. FORD. I would my husband would meet h
 I see, I see, In Fulvia's death how mine receiv'd shall be. ANTONY. Quarrel no more, but be prepar'd to 
 LAUNCE. Well, that fault may be mended with a breakfast. Read on. SPEED. 'Item: She hath a sweet mouth.' LAUNCE. That makes amends for her sour breath. SPEED. 
 Norway, and, in fine, Makes vow before his uncle never more To give th' assay of arms against your Majesty. Whereon old Norway, overcome with joy, Gi
 Sherlock! Come in, sir," said he blandly, smiling at our surprised faces. "You don't expect such energy from me, do you, Sherlock? But somehow this ca
 Thursday; but when the Thursday came there was no occasion for our testimony. A higher Judge had taken the matter in hand, and Jefferson Hope had been summoned before 
 are you whose worthiness gives scope, Being had to triumph, being lacked to hope. 53 What is your substance, whereof are you made, That millions of strange shadows on you t
 in the problem which are never imparted to the reader. Now, at present I am in the position of these same readers, for I hold in this hand several threads of
 say, 'Father, as it please you.' But yet for all that, cousin, let him be a handsome fellow, or else make another cursy, and say, 'Fa
 strength! and strength shall help afford. Farewell, dear father. Exeunt. Scene II. Capulet's house. Enter Father Capulet, Mother, Nurse, and 
 that he has lost some one very dear. The fact that he is doing his own shopping looks as though it were his wife. He has been buying things for children, you perceive. There is a rattle, which
 what they see? They know what beauty is, see where it lies, Yet what the best is, take the worst to be. If eyes corrupt by over-partial looks, Be anchore
's friend. I am the son of Marcus Cato, ho! BRUTUS. And I am Brutus, Marcus Brutus, I; Brutus, my country's friend; know me for Brutus! Exit. LUCILIUS. O
, my lord! well, fare you well, my lord. Are you so hasty now? Well, all is one. Pedro. Nay, do not quarrel with us, good old man. Ant. If he co
. TIMON. All villains that do stand by thee are pure. APEMANTUS. There is no leprosy but what thou speak'st. TIMON. If I name thee. I'll beat thee- but I should infect my han
NGELO, ESCALUS, Lucio, PROVOST, OFFICERS, and CITIZENS DUKE. My very worthy cousin, fairly met! Our old and faithful friend, we are glad to see you. ANGELO, ES
PETRUCHIO, KATHERINA, BIANCA, BAPTISTA, HORTENSIO, GRUMIO, and train PETRUCHIO. Gentlemen and friends, I thank you for your pains. I know 
SERVANT. But more of thy news! THIRD SERVANT. Why, he is so made on here within as if he were son and heir to Mars; set at upper end o' th' table; no question asked him by any of the senators bu
WICK. Thereon I pawn my credit and mine honour. LEWIS. But is he gracious in the people's eye? WARWICK. The more that Henry was unfortunate. LEWIS. 
a soldier; do not take His rougher accents for malicious sounds, But, as I say, such as become a soldier Rather than envy you. COMINIUS. Well, well! No more. CO
ain the one, distain the other. And who doth lead them but a paltry fellow, Long kept in Britaine at our mother's co
ge? Why with the time do I not glance aside To new-found methods, and to compounds strange? Why write I still all one, ever the same, And keep invention in a noted weed, Th
me cases the figure was bearing a flag and in some cases not, but it was probable from the way in which the flags we
ormation and MGET GUT* for newsletters. **Information prepared by the Project Gutenberg legal advisor** ***** SMALL PRINT! for COMPLETE
ose that were, it is not square to take, On those that are, revenge: crimes, like lands, Are not inherited. Then, dear countryman, Bring in
s! Their softest touch as smart as lizards' stings! Their music frightful as the serpent's hiss, And boding scre
that the hall was of some size and hung with pictures. In the dim light I could make out that the person
under. Thunder. Third Apparition: a Child crowned, with a tree in his hand. What is this, That rises like the issue of a king, And wear
y coxcomb be a hurt, you have hurt me; I think you set nothing by a bloody coxcomb. Here comes Sir Toby halting; you shall hear more; but if he had n
? Prince. O my sweet beef, I must still be good angel to thee. The money is paid back again. Fal. O, I do not like that paying back! 'Tis a double labour. Prince. I am good friends with my fat
d dear in use! What things again most dear in the esteem And poor in worth! Now shall we see to-morrow- An act that very chance doth throw upon h
, when he rang, leave his meal upon a chair, outside his door. Then he rings again when he has finished, and we take it down
y wicked dam, come forth! Enter CALIBAN CALIBAN. As wicked dew as e'er my mother brush'd With raven's feather
n. CORIN. Who calls? TOUCHSTONE. Your betters, sir. CORIN. Else are they very wretched. ROSALIND. Peace, I say. Good even to you, fri
re loose--no, it can't be loose--but if it isn't loose, where can it be? Who has it? Why is it held back? That's the question that beats in 
she shall be all in white; And in that habit, when Slender sees his time To take her by the hand and bid her go, She shall go with him; her mother hath intended T
is of the first importance that we should be in our places before it grows dark; so with your permission we shall get started at once." We passed along the outer bounds of the Manor Hou
other side. Without a word he grasped my arm and hurried me into a carriage, the door of which was standing open. He drew up the windows on either side, tapped on the wo
 a Clifford! We'll follow the King and Clifford. CADE. Was ever feather so lightly blown to and fro as this multitude? The name of Henry the Fifth hales the
ou. FLUTE. What is Thisby? A wand'ring knight? QUINCE. It is the lady that Pyramus must love. FLUTE. Nay, faith, let not me play a woman; I have a beard coming. QUINCE. That's all one; you shall 
decreasing leg, an increasing belly? Is not your voice broken, your wind short, your chin double, your wit single, and every part about you blasted wi
edy of the Atkinson brothers at Trincomalee, and finally of the mission which he had accomplished so 
ert beneath it. The barren scene, the sense of loneliness, and the mystery and urgency of my task all struck a chill into my heart. The boy was nowhere to be seen. But down beneath me in
h a scissors--" "Nail-scissors," said Holmes. "You can see that it was a very short-bladed scissors, since the cut
ete with you, My most true mind thus maketh mine untrue. 114 Or whether doth my mind being crowned with you Drink up the monarch's pl
k'd. Go to, you are a woman, go! Host. Who, I? No; I defy thee! God's light, I was never call'd so in mine own house before! Fal. Go to, I know you well enough. Host. No, Sir John; you do not know
eaker vessel, as as they say, the emptier vessel. DOLL. Can a weak empty vessel bear such a huge full hogs-head? There's a whole merchant's venture of Bourdeaux stuff in him
RK's garden Enter the QUEEN and two LADIES QUEEN. What sport shall we devise here in this garden To drive away the heavy thought of care? LADY. Madam, we'll play at bowls. QUEEN. 
 and COLVILLE, meeting FALSTAFF. What's your name, sir? Of what condition are you, and of what place, I pray? COLVILLE. I am a knight sir; and my name is
oves not but in his sphere, I could not but by her. The other motive Why to a public count I might not go
 led since thy exile. Think with thyself How more unfortunate than all living women Are we come hither; since that thy sight, which should Make our eyes flow with joy, hearts dance 
Greg. I will frown as I pass by, and let them take it as they list. Samp. Nay, as they dare. I will bite my thumb at them; which is disgrace to them, if they b
er-have I not stay for him to kill him? Have I not, at de place I did appoint? EVANS. As I am a Christians soul, now, look you, th
trice? Beat. [unmasks] I answer to that name. What is your will? Bene. Do not you love me? Beat. Why, no; no more than reason. Bene. Why, then your uncle, and the Prince, 
 good citizens. FIRST CITIZEN. We are accounted poor citizens, the patricians good. What authority surfeits on woul
dowed in the corners, but faintly lit in the centre from the lights of the street beyond. There was no lamp near and the window was thick with 
. One of these men is genius to the other; And so of these. Which is the natural man, And which the spirit? Who deciphers them? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. I, 
 some violent death; They have been violent to me and mine. TAMORA. Well hast thou lesson'd us; this shall we do. But would it please thee, good Andronicus, T
rred, which I shall tell you in due course. But, first of all, I must keep you in touch with some of the other factors in the situation. One of these, concerning which I h
 sense of the importance of the subject. His brother and I sat expectant. "Surely you have heard of it? I thought everyone h
 noble Caesar! We'll revenge his death. THIRD CITIZEN. O royal Caesar! ANTONY. Hear me with patience. ALL. Peace, ho! ANTONY.
onato. Signior Claudio and Signior Benedick, my dear friend Leonato hath invited you all. I tell him we shall stay here at the least a month
friend Trinculo. STEPHANO. If thou beest Trinculo, come forth; I'll pull the by the lesser legs; if any be Trinculo's legs, these are they. Thou art very Trinculo indeed! How 
ughing in the street, because he hath wakened thy dog that hath lain asleep in the sun. Didst thou not fall out with a tailor for wearing his new doublet before Easter, with another for t
hening of the side of the sole caused by the friction of the edge of the pedal. "Yes, I bicycle a good deal, Mr. Holmes, and that has something to do with m
I will try the forces Of these thy compounds on such creatures as We count not worth the hanging- but none human- To try the vigour of 
r, for we have found upon him, sir, a strange picklock, which we have sent to the deputy. DUKE. Fie, sirrah, a bawd, a wicked bawd! The evil that thou causest 
ection, sir, I hope it is not so. You cannot beg us, sir, I can assure you, sir; we know what we know; I hope, sir, three times thrice, sir- BEROWNE. Is not nine. COSTARD. Under correc
a jest. BOYET. And every jest but a word. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. It was well done of you to take him at his word. BOYET. I was as willing to grapple as he was to board. K
nerves. He was very fat, but had apparently at some time been much fatter, so that the skin hung about his face in loose pouches, like the cheeks of a blood-hound. He was of a sickly color,
uzzler. If you can come round to the house any time before twelve, you will find me there. I have left everything in statu quo until I hear from you. If you are unable to come I shall give 
t you and your friend are men of discretion, Mr. Holmes?" "I hardly understand your Grace." "I must put it pl
ting Cannot be ill, cannot be good. If ill, Why hath it given me earnest of success, Commencing in a truth? I am Thane of
 we see of the man whom we were chasing. On the upper floor, however, one of the bedroom doors was locked. "There's someone in here
e comes. SPEED. [Aside] O excellent motion! O exceeding puppet! Now will he interpret to her. VALENTINE. Madam and mistress, a thousand good morrows. SPEED.
aid, "you have drawn a net round this man from which he cannot escape, and you have saved an innocent human life as truly as if you
ONDELLO, LUCENTIO, and BIANCA; GREMIO is out before BIONDELLO. Softly and swiftly, sir, for the priest is ready. LUCENTIO. I fly, Biondello; but they may chance to
 will be able to report that I have been able to do something for this unfortunate youngster who has thrown himself upon my protection." It was late when my friend returned
vonshire fashion over her ear. From under this great panoply she peeped up in a nervous, hesitating fashion at our windows, while her body oscillated b
" He put his hand over part of the map. "What do you read?" "ARAT," I read. "And now?" He raised his hand. "BALLARAT." "Quite so. That was the word the man uttered, and of whic
 take no offence at our abuse. KING EDWARD. Suppose they take offence without a cause; They are but Lewis and Warwick: I am Edward, Your King 
 walk in, my lord? TROILUS. O Cressid, how often have I wish'd me thus! CRESSIDA. Wish'd, my lord! The gods grant
ply marked with all bestiality and cruelty. His small eyes glowed and burned with a sombre light, and his thick l
and bears by th' neck, monkeys by th' loins, and men by th' legs. When a man's over-lusty at legs, then he wears wo
th pity-they are virtues and traitors too. In her they are the better for their simpleness; she derives her honesty, and achieves her goodness. LAFEU. Your commendations, madam, get from
make high account of you- [Aside] For they account his head upon the bridge. HASTINGS. I know they do, and I have well deserv'd it. Enter LORD STANLEY Come on, come on; whe
few hours of your valuable time. We have had a very painful incident at St. Luke's, and really, but for the happy chance of your being in
or I will ride thee a nights like a mare. FALSTAFF. I think I am as like to ride the mare, if I have any vantage of ground to get up. CHIEF JUSTICE. How comes this, Sir John? Fie! What man of good
wax. Yes, she had let Mr. McFarlane in at half-past nine. She wished her hand had withered before she had done so. S
ou? Go to! You'll not endure him? God shall mend my soul! You'll make a mutiny among my guests! You will set cock-a-hoop! you'll be the man! Tyb. Why, uncle, 'tis a shame. Cap. Go to, go 
ind us. O, my lord, my lord! [Falls fainting on the body] Enter LUCIUS, CAPTAINS, and a SOOTHSAYER CAPTAIN. To them the legions garrison'd in Gallia, After your will
 for my muse, And found such fair assistance in my verse, As every alien pen hath got my use, And under thee their poesy disperse. Thine 
t Re-enter MALVOLIO MALVOLIO. Madam, yond young fellow swears he will speak with you. I told him you were sick; he tak
our Grace? Prince. That villanous abominable misleader of youth, Falstaff, that old white-bearded Satan. Fal. My lord, the man I know. Prince. I know thou dost. Fal. But
ericans in the ship. The others are Finns and Germans. I know, also, that they were all three away from the ship last 
m not mad; too well, too well I feel The different plague of each calamity. KING PHILIP. Bind up those tresses. O, what love I note In the fair multi
sure, then. CLOWN. Truly, sir, and pleasure will be paid one time or another. DUKE. Give me now leave to leave thee. CLOWN. Now the 
ry good. In the first instance--that of the Tregennis family--this substance was placed in the fire. Now the window was shut, but the
at question to the future. Now we shall turn to the Cadogan Wests." A small but well-kept house in the outskirts of the town sheltered the bereaved mother. The old lady was too dazed with grief to
, or feign. REIGNIER. Upon thy princely warrant I descend To give thee answer of thy just demand. Exit REIGNIER from the walls SUFFOLK. And 
end Perkins and the wagonette home, and the opportunity was a good one. I alighted and sent a message to Sir Henry that I should walk over in time for dinner. The
 attempt to indicate how they were interrupted by gaspings for breath and those clutchings of his hands which indicated the pain from which he was suffering. His appearance had changed for the wor
 With a hey, and a ho, and a hey nonino, These pretty country folks would lie, In the spring time, &c. This carol they began tha
e Brinvilliers, the Darwinian theory, the principles of Malthus, and the Ratcliff Highway murders, the article concluded
ate thee; Therefore away with us to Killingworth. SAY. So might your Grace's person be in danger. The sight of me is odious in their eyes; And therefore in this city will I stay And l
the sensible Benedick's head? Claud. Yea, and text underneath, 'Here dwells Benedick, the married man'? Bene. Fare you well, boy; you know my mind. I will leave you now to y
y tree Mocks married men, for thus sings he: 'Cuckoo; Cuckoo, cuckoo'- O word of fear, Unpleasing to a married ear! WINTER When icicles hang by the wall, And Dick the shepher
f tinkers to the King. COMMONS. [Within] An answer from the King, or we will all break in! KING HENRY. Go, Salisbury, and tell them all from me I thank them for thei
pon the moor which corresponds with this Baskerville demon, and which could not possibly be any animal known to scien
 KING. Arise, and take place by us. Half your suit Never name to us: you have half our power. The other moiety ere you ask is given; Repeat your will, and tak
And such a daughter, Should sure to the slaughter, If my cap would buy a halter. So the fool follows after. Exit. Gon. This man hath had good counsel! A hundred knights? 'Tis politic and safe
nd, terrestrial; so. Give me thy hand, celestial; so. Boys of art, I have deceiv'd you both; I have directed you to wrong places; your hearts are mighty, your skin
xive eyes, And often kissed, and often 'gan to tear; Cried, 'O false blood, thou register of lies, What unapproved witness dost thou bear! Ink would have seemed more black and damned
oo-much. That we would do, We should do when we would; for this 'would' changes, And hath abatements and delays as many As there are tongues, are hands, are accidents; And 
 Men report Thou dost affect my manners and dost use them. TIMON. 'Tis, then, because thou dost not keep a dog, Whom I would imitate. C
s wife, And he a prince, and ruler of the land; Yet so he rul'd, and such a prince he was, As he stood by whilst I, his fo
en had said To such a person, and in such a place, At such a time, with all the rest retold, May reasonably die, and never ri
f for grief. O villainy, villainy! IAGO. What, are you mad? I charge you, get you home. EMILIA. Good gentlemen, let me have leave to speak; 'Tis proper I obey him, but n
iam Shakespeare Library of the Future is a TradeMark (TM) of World Library Inc. ******This file should be named shaks12.txt or shaks12.zip***** Corre
ite the letter? VALENTINE. How now, sir! What are you reasoning with yourself? SPEED. Nay, I was rhyming: 'tis you that have the reason. VALENTIN
s same whoreson apoplexy. CHIEF JUSTICE. Well God mend him! I pray you let me speak with you. FALSTAFF. This apoplexy, as I take it, is a kind of lethargy, an't please your lordship, a k
ers." "And what did you see?" "What I expected to see." "Why did you beat the pavement?" "My dear doctor, this is a time for observation,
with confidence that he saw Cadogan West--whom he knew well by sight--upon the Monday night, and that he went to London by the 8.15 to 
. Lord, we know what we are, but know not what we may be. God be at your table! King. Conceit upon her father. Oph. Pray l
s the appetite." "Well, I don't know about that, sir." "I suppose the Professor eats hardly anything?" "Well, he is variable. I'll say that for him." "I'll wager he took no breakfast this morning, 
h. DESDEMONA. O, falsely, falsely murther'd! EMILIA. Alas, what cry is that? OTHELLO. That? what? EMILIA. Out, and alas! That was my lady's voice. Help! h
 Cassio where he supp'd tonight. What, do you shake at that? BIANCA. He supp'd at my house; but I therefore shake not. IAGO. O, did he so? I charge you, go with me. EMILIA. Fie, 
him. At once, good night. Stand not upon the order of your going, But go at once. LENNOX. Good night, and better health Attend his Majesty
 people! For, as it is a heartbreaking to see a handsome man loose-wiv'd, so it is a deadly sorrow to behold a foul knave 
has looked after my room for ten years, and whose honesty is absolutely above suspicion. I found that the key was indeed his, that he had entered my room to know if I wanted tea, 
t sack, for that sets it a-work; and learning, a mere hoard of gold kept by a devil till sack commences it and sets it in act and use. Hereof comes it t
 th' commonalty; the Duke Shall govern England."' QUEEN KATHARINE. If I know you well, You were the Duke's surveyor, and lost your office On the complaint o' th' tenants. Take 
 seek after; for we know enough if we know we are the King's subjects. If his cause be wrong, our obedience to the King wipes the crime of it out 
ge in my estimate of the case. I ended by finding it." "Where?" "Ah, there we come to the edge of the unexplored. Let me go a little further, a very litt
ed him. He struck Gennaro senseless and fled from the house which he was never more to enter. It was a deadly enemy that we made that night. "A few days later came the meeting. Gennaro re
ES. She will sing any man at first sight. THERSITES. And any man may sing her, if he can take her cliff;
rhood. It was not that I wished to live for my own sake, but it was that I desired to accomplish my purpose. He knew that I would do what I said--that his own fate was involved in mine. For th
? That is not the way of criminals." "The ring, man, the ring: that was what he came back for. If we have no other way of catching hi
 to the table. "I wrote it to bring you here." "You wrote it? There was no one on earth outside the Joint who knew the secret of the dancing me
my all is nothing, nor my prayers Are not words duly hallowed, nor my wishes More worth than empty vanities; yet prayers and wishes Are all I can return. Beseech your 
man in the street. It was only a glimpse; but I have a quick eye for these things, and I never doubted who it was. It was the worst enemy I had among them all--
 Macduff. MALCOLM. Let us seek out some desolate shade and there Weep our sad bosoms empty. MACDUFF. Let us rather Hold fast the mortal sword, and like good men Bestride ou
 have forsworn his company hourly any time this two-and-twenty years, and yet I am bewitch'd with the rogue's company.
 proof and bulwark against sense. Queen. What have I done that thou dar'st wag thy tongue In noise so rude against me? Ham. Such an a
DELLO BIONDELLO. O master, master, have watch'd so long That I am dog-weary; but at last I spied An ancient angel coming down the hill Will se
if I have told you nothing in the last three days it is because there is nothing to tell. Even now this report from Paris does not help us much." "Surely it is final as regards t
r that--it follows that it must have been there during the night, and, therefore, that it brought those two individual
ll. Courage, there will be pity taken on you; you that have worn your eyes almost out in the service, you will be considered. MRS. OVERDONE. What's to do here, Thomas Tapster? Let's w
a ring at the bell, Watson, and as the clock makes it a few minutes after four, I have no doubt that this will prove to be our noble client. Do not dream of going, Watson,
 him evenly deriv'd From his most fam'd of famous ancestors, Edward the Third, he bids you then resign Your crown and kingdom, indirectly held From him, the native and true challenger. 
ich marked the site of the rich landowner's dwelling. On the Hatherley side of the pool the woods grew very thic
oked thee for my muse, And found such fair assistance in my verse, As every alien pen hath got my use, And under the
 I was taken with a damsel. KING. Well, it was proclaimed damsel. COSTARD. This was no damsel neither, sir; she was a vir
THELLO. Get me some poison, Iago, this night. I'll not expostulate with her, lest her body and beauty unprovide my mind again. This night, Iago. IAGO. Do it not with poison, str
ecessity. Think not the King did banish thee, But thou the King. Woe doth the heavier sit Where it perceives it is but faintly home. Go, say I sent thee forth 
 HERMIONE. Should a villain say so, The most replenish'd villain in the world, He were as much more vi
 MESSENGER. My lord, a prize, a prize! Here's the Lord Say, which sold the towns in France; he that made us pay one and twenty fifteens, and one
THELLO. The servants of the Duke? And my lieutenant? The goodness of the night upon you, friends! What is the news? CASSIO. The Duk
 Alack, alack! Enter CANIDIUS CANIDIUS. Our fortune on the sea is out of breath, And sinks most lamentably. Had our general Been what he knew himself, it had g
t this double crime. Scanlan and McMurdo made their way back; Scanlan somewhat subdued, for it was the first murder job 
, for my simple true judgment? or would you have me speak after my custom, as being a professed tyrant to their sex? Claud. No. I pray thee speak in sober judgment. Bene. Why, i' faith,
little slurring over of the 'e,' and a slight defect in the tail of the 'r.' There are fourteen other characteristics, but
 conclusions? I will try the forces Of these thy compounds on such creatures as We count not worth the hanging- but none human- To try the vigour of them, and apply Allayments 
ich surely he restored to their owner?" "My dear fellow, there lies the problem. It is true that 'For Mrs. Henry Baker' was printed upon a small card which was tied to the bird's left l
d. Enter Benedick and Margaret [meeting]. Bene. Pray thee, sweet Mistress Margaret, deserve well at my hands by helping 
eemed to go, and from the time that we took, that it must have been nearer twelve. He sat at my side in silence all the time, and I was aware, more than once when I glanced in his direction, that 
ide, 'tis not to have you gone, For why, the fools are mad if left alone. Take no repulse, whatever she doth say; For 'Get you gone' she d
rom Venice, sure. 'Tis Lodovico Come from the Duke. And, see your wife is with him. Enter Lodovico, Desdemona, and Attendants. LODOVICO. God save the worthy general! OTHELLO. 
lstaff come, I prithee do thou stand in some by-room while I question my puny drawer to what end be gave me the sugar; and do thou never 
u atomy, thou! DOLL. Come, you thin thing! come, you rascal! FIRST BEADLE. Very well. Exeunt SCENE V. Westminster. Near the Abbey Enter GR
in. Stop at a telegraph-office, cabby! We will keep Toby, for he may be of use to us yet." We pulled up at the Great Peter Street post-office, and Holmes de
ey shall see The face of Caesar, they are vanished. CALPURNIA. Caesar, I I stood on ceremonies, Yet now they fright me. There is one within, Besides the things that we have heard and seen, Recou
 to which she was fondly attached--too attached, for she refused to leave them with her banker and always carried them about with her. A rather pathetic figure, the Lady Frances, a beautiful
h he desired. On the day of the crisis, however, his wife turned suddenly against him. She had learned something of the death of the convict, a
s for you. In very truth, sir, I had as lief be hang'd, sir, as go. And yet, for mine own part, sir, I do not care; but rather because I am unwilling and, f
ll the letters suns, I could not see one. Edg. [aside] I would not take this from report. It is, And my heart breaks at it. Lear. Read. Glou. What, with the case of eyes? L
 a shearman, art thou not? CADE. And Adam was a gardener. WILLIAM STAFFORD. And what of that? CADE. Marry, this: Edmund M
pent of Egypt is bred now of your mud by the operation of your sun; so is your crocodile. ANTONY. They are so. PO
ments. That he could play pieces, and difficult pieces, I knew well, because at my request he has played me some of Mendelssohn's Lieder, and other favourites. When 
dward lives-think now what I would speak. BUCKINGHAM. Say on, my loving lord. KING RICHARD. Why, Buckingham, I say I would be King. BUCKIN
r husband's lands. Enter a NOBLEMAN NOBLEMAN. My gracious lord, Henry your foe is taken And brought your prisoner to your palace gate. KING EDWARD. See that he be convey'd unto the
Cassio? IAGO. With Cassio, mistress. Go to, charm your tongue. EMILIA. I will not charm my tongue; I am bound to speak. My mistress here lies murther'd in her bed- ALL. O heavens forfen
had some powerful enemies, that he believed they were on his track, and that he was always on his guard against them. I was so sure of it that for years I have been terr
 think not on him; for his thoughts, Would they were blanks rather than fill'd with me! VIOLA. Madam, I come to whet your gentle thoughts On his behalf. OLIVIA. O, by your leave, I pray you
S. Suum cuique is our Roman justice: This prince in justice seizeth but his own. LUCIUS. And that he will and shall, if Lucius live. TITUS. Traitors, avau
ut! Let the sky rain potatoes; let it thunder to the tune of Greensleeves, hail kissing-comfits, and snow eringoes; let there come a tempest of provocation, I will shelter me he
il: "£10 reward. The number of the cab which dropped a fare at or about the door of the Foreign Office in Charles Street at
efall prepost'rously. Enter LYSANDER and HELENA LYSANDER. Why should you think that I should woo in scorn? Scorn and derision never 
gs, deduce from it not only all the chain of events which led up to it but also all the results which would follow from it. As Cuvier could correctly describe a whole animal by t
parated, the natural course for the latter would be to put up somewhere in the vicinity for the night, a
hat let men know their love. JULIA. I would I knew his mind. LUCETTA. Peruse this paper, madam. JULIA. 'To Julia'- Say, from 
so, I see, she must be- fore Leontes. She shall be habited as it becomes The partner of your bed. Methinks I see Leontes opening his free arms 
lord, to give them thanks That were the cause of my imprisonment. GLOUCESTER. No doubt, no doubt; and so shall Clarence too; For they that were your 
an; I was sent to call thee. LAUNCE. Sir, call me what thou dar'st. PANTHINO. Will thou go? LAUNCE. Well, I will go. Exeunt SCENE IV. Milan. The DUKE'S palace Enter SILV
 was sought out by Professor Moriarty, to whom for a time he was chief of the staff. Moriarty supplied him liberally with 
Poins, and be hang'd! Poins! Prince. I comes forward I Peace, ye fat-kidney'd rascal! What a brawling dost thou keep! Fal. Where's Poins, Hal? Prince. He is walk'd u
the sister of one Claudio, Condemn'd upon the act of fornication To lose his head; condemn'd by Angelo. I, in probation of a siste
distant church, which told us of the progress of the night, and for the rustle and whisper of a fine rain
ward's prisoner. And, gallant Warwick, do but answer this: What is the body when the head is off? GLOUCESTER. Alas, that Warwick had no more forecast, But, whiles 
. I am all patience. Re-enter CRESSIDA THERSITES. Now the pledge; now, now, now! CRESSIDA. Here, Diomed, keep this sleeve. TROILUS. O beauty! where is thy faith? U
ou sent to Bottom's house? Is he come home yet? STARVELING. He cannot be heard of. Out of doubt he is transported. FLUTE. If he come not, then t
t Desdemona's honest. IAGO. Long live she so! and long live you to think so! OTHELLO. And yet, how nature erring from itself- IAGO. Ay, there's the point, as- to be bold with you- No
eathe foul contagious darkness in the air. Therefore bring forth the soldiers of our prize; For, whilst our pinnace anchors in the Downs, Here shall they make their ransom on the sand, Or
f the castle. Enter Desdemona, Cassio, and Emilia. DESDEMONA. Be thou assured, good Cassio, I will do All my abilities in thy behalf. EMILIA. Good madam, do. I warrant it grieves my husband As i
 DUKE's palace Enter CELIA and ROSALIND CELIA. Why, cousin! why, Rosalind! Cupid have mercy! Not a word? ROSALIND. Not one to throw at a dog. CELIA. No, thy words are too precious to be cast 
ltemand and Cornelius. And now, Laertes, what's the news with you? You told us of some suit. What is't, Laertes? You c
NTON. You do amaze her. Hear the truth of it. You would have married her most shamefully, Where there was no proportion held in love. The truth is, she and I, long since contract
TTOM. Why, then may you leave a casement of the great chamber window, where we play, open; and the moon may shine in at the casement. QUINCE. Ay; or else one must come in with a bush of thorns and 
nvy, thou, what meanest thou to curse thus? THERSITES. Do I curse thee? PATROCLUS. Why, no, you ruinous butt; you whoreson indistingui
help thee to a wife With wealth enough, and young and beauteous; Brought up as best becomes a gentlewoman; Her only fault, and that is faults enough, Is- th
s as healthful music. It is not madness That I have utt'red. Bring me to the test, And I the matter will reword; which madness Would gambol from. Mother, 
w glow before we found ourselves at the police-station. Lestrade was waiting for us at the door. "A telegram for you, Mr. Holmes," said h
 suggestive fact." "What does it suggest?" "It suggests--halloa, my dear fellow, what on earth is the matter?" As we came 
ot a soul did I meet all the way down, though a cab or two went past me. I was a strollin' down, thinkin' between ourselves how uncommon handy a four of gin hot would be, when suddenly th
 night under the roof of McMurdo for the killing of the Pinkerton detective. Their host had placed whisky upon the table, and they had hastened to prime themselves for the work 
y with a cave Enter from the cave BELARIUS, GUIDERIUS, and ARVIRAGUS BELARIUS. A goodly day not to keep house with such Whose roof's as low as ours! St
left the house at half-past seven she was on good terms with her husband. She was never, as I think I have said, ostentatiously affectionate, but she was heard by the coachman chatti
 any hands but those of the highly educated. We may take it, therefore, that the letter was composed by an educated man who wished to pose as an uneducated one, and his effort to conceal his 
strated with him, and reminded him that they had resolved to stick together. Drebber answered that the matter was a delicate one, a
 seen now all that there is to see, Mr. Holder," said he; "I can serve you best by returning to my rooms." "But the gems, Mr. Holmes. Whe
panion. "I will come, with pleasure," said I. "I do not know how I could employ my time better." "And you will report very carefully to me," said Holmes. "When a crisis comes, as
icilia. The palace of LEONTES Enter HERMIONE, MAMILLIUS, and LADIES HERMIONE. Take the boy to you; he so troubles me, 'Tis past enduring. FIR
 I have to carry him down to it." "You will do nothing of the sort. You will persuade him to come. And then you will r
d ask me, that I should deny, Or stand so mammering on. What? Michael Cassio, That came awooing with you, and so many a time When I have spoke of you disprai
a poky, little, shabby-genteel place, where four lines of dingy two-storied brick houses looked out into a small railed-in enclosure, where a lawn of 
his complete confidence. Now it is essential--essential, I say--that I should thoroughly understand it. You are the only other person, save only these politicians, who kn
t due to any lack of material, since I have notes of many hundreds of cases to which I have never alluded, nor 
Well, I tell you it was just after we arrived. We arrived in June, and it was July. They were married in January of last year. Yes, she is down in the mo
But whatsoever I have merited, either in my mind or in my means, meed, I am sure, I have received none, unless experience
 and he heard nothing, and yet in the morning a great 27 had been painted upon the outside of his door. Thus day followed day; and as sure as morning came he found that his unseen enemies had kept 
y wounds for your country. CORIOLANUS. I will not seal your knowledge with showing them. I will make much of your voices, and so trouble you no farther. 
hat should be a guide." "The man was a Spaniard. I suggest that 'D' stands for Dolores, a common female name in Spain." "Good, Watson, very good--but quite inadmissable. A Spaniard would
! ha, ha! Well, Wednesday is too soon. Thursday let it be- a Thursday, tell her She shall be married to this noble earl. Will you be ready? Do you like this haste? We'll keep no great ado- a f
nor cautel doth besmirch The virtue of his will; but you must fear, His greatness weigh'd, his will is n
 but none which present any feature of interest. They are important, you understand, without being interesting. Indeed, I have found that it is usually in unimportant matters that 
aweary, give me leave awhile. Fie, how my bones ache! What a jaunce have I had! Jul. I would thou hadst my bones, and I 
world that I Have lost my way for ever. I have a ship Laden with gold; take that; divide it. Fly, And make your peace with Caesar. ALL. Fly? Not we! ANTONY. I have fled myself, and have instru
you confess so much? Give me your hand. BRUTUS. And my heart too. CASSIUS. O Brutus! BRUTUS. What's the matter? CASSIUS.
oul lies in the doing. That she belov'd knows nought that knows not this: Men prize the thing ungain'd more than it is. That
' th' wind. LORD. We'll show thee lo as she was a maid And how she was beguiled and surpris'd, As lively painted as the deed was done. THIRD SERVANT.
ing hit ourselves, Yet know thou, since we have begun to strike, We'll never leave till we have hewn thee down, Or bath'd thy growing with our hea
 of that, i' faith. Gads. I pray thee lend me thine. 2. Car. Ay, when? canst tell? Lend me thy lantern, quoth he? Marry, I'll see
 me to't. Corn. What was th' offence you gave him? Osw. I never gave him any. It pleas'd the King his master very late To strike at me, upon his misconstruction; When he, conjunct, and 
ique world, When service sweat for duty, not for meed! Thou art not for the fashion of these times, Where none will swea
bloody. Search about the churchyard. Go, some of you; whoe'er you find attach. [Exeunt some of the Watch.] Pitiful sight! here lies the County slain; A
E, his wife GHOST. [To RICHARD] Richard, thy wife, that wretched Anne thy wife That never slept a quiet hour with thee Now fills thy sleep with perturbations. To-morr
e is, proof hath made you know; And as my love is siz'd, my fear is so. Where love is great, the littlest d
on rather a tender point. Might I ask how you know, and how much you know?' He spoke now in a half-jesting fashion, b
y calling. Exit SCENE IV. The forest Enter ROSALIND and CELIA ROSALIND. Never talk to me; I will weep. CELIA. Do, I prithee; but yet have the grace to c
but art despis'd for the contrary. There's a medlar for thee; eat it. TIMON. On what I hate I feed not. APEMANTUS. Dost hate a medlar? TIMON. Ay, though it look like thee. APEMA
l me even less than Miss Smith. She thinks she does not know the man; I am convinced she does. Why, otherwise, should he be so
ay," said he. "I have every hope, however, that your horse will start upon Tuesday, and I beg that you will have your jockey in readiness. Might I ask for 
of offence. For England go; I will whet on the King. LEWIS. Strong reasons makes strong actions. Let us go; If you say ay, the King will not say no. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF
nghy. I guess they were all drowned. Well, we took him on board, this man, and he and the skipper had some long talks in the cabin. All the baggage we took off with him was one tin box. So fa
ne. COSTARD. Not so, sir; under correction, sir, I hope it is not so. You cannot beg us, sir, I can assure you, sir; we know what we know; I hope, sir, three times thr
 Last night 'twas on mine arm; I kiss'd it. I hope it be not gone to tell my lord That I kiss aught but he. PISANIO. 'Twill not be lost. IMOGEN. I hope so. G
KE. Belong you to the Lady Olivia, friends? CLOWN. Ay, sir, we are some of her trappings. DUKE. I know thee well. How dost thou, my good fellow? CLOWN. Truly, sir, the better for my foes and
ome all his forces back? GOWER. No; fifteen hundred foot, five hundred horse, Are march'd up to my Lord of Lancaster, Against Northumberland and the Archbishop. FALSTAFF. Comes the King back from Wa
u are not young, no more am I; go to, then, there's sympathy. You are merry, so am I; ha! ha! then there's mor
S. Then I repent not. JEWELLER. You know me, Apemantus? APEMANTUS. Thou know'st I do; I call'd thee by thy name. TIMON. Thou art proud, Apemant
, Hides my heart. So, let me hear you speak. VIOLA. I Pity YOU. OLIVIA. That's a degree to love. VIOLA. No, not a grize; for 'tis a vulgar proof That ve
ight expect. It ran, if I remember right, 'sent the pips to A, B, and C'--that is, sent the society's warning
he frosty air. "Remember, Watson that though we have so homely a thing as a goose at one end of this chain, we have at the other a man who will certainly get seven years' penal servitude unless
 I am innocent." "We'll see about that," said Hopkins. "First of all, what is your name?" "It is John Hopley Neligan." I saw Holmes and Hopkins exchange a quick glance. "What
 councillor, and a commissioner of roads, elected to the office through the votes of the ruffians who in turn expected to receive favours at his hands. Assessments and t
d might possibly have led to my discovery. You would have wished to tell me something, or in your kindness you would 
SECOND PETITIONER. Alas, sir, I am but a poor petitioner of our whole township. PETER. [Presenting his petition] Against my master, Thomas Horner, for sa
 Believe it, for you know it. There is money; spend it, spend it; spend more; spend all I have; only give
d me the watch." "Then how in the name of all that is wonderful did you get these facts? They are absolutely correct in every particular." "Ah, that is good l
ation For the remembrance of my father's death. If this thou do deny, let our hands part, Neither intitled in the other's heart. KING. If this, or
her to show him up. In he walked, a middle-sized, dark-haired, dark-eyed, black-bearded man, with a touch of the sheeny about his nose. He had a brisk kind of way wi
1. Knowledge of Literature.--Nil. 2. Philosophy.--Nil. 3. Astronomy.--Nil. 4. Politics.--Feeble. 5. Botany.--Variable. Well up in belladonna, opium, and poisons generally. Kno
er part of the forest Alarum; excursions. Enter FALSTAFF and COLVILLE, meeting FALSTAFF. What's your name, sir? Of what condition are you, an
 angry purpose now; But that's no fault of his. We must receive him According to the honour of his sender; And towards himself, his goodness forespent on us, We must extend our notice
d early, and Holmes waited in his dressing-gown for the promised interview. Our clients were punctual to their appointment, for the clock had just struc
 work, you and your cry! Shall's to the Capitol? COMINIUS. O, ay, what else? Exeunt COMINIUS and MENENIUS SICINIUS. G
good feature shame. In nature there's no blemish but the mind: None can be call'd deform'd but the unkind. Virtue is beauty; but the be
y a squire of low degree. I pray you fall to; if you can mock a leek, you can eat a leek. GOWER. Enough, Captain, you have astonish'd him. FLUELLEN. I say I will ma
ere to be a judge And what a prisoner. LUCIO. [To ISABELLA] Ay, touch him; there's the vein. ANGELO. Your brother is a forfeit of the law, And you but waste your words. ISABELLA. Al
cumstance descry. Enter [some of the Watch,] with Romeo's Man [Balthasar]. 2. Watch. Here's Romeo's man. We found him in the churchyard. Chief Watch. Hold him in safety till the Prince come hi
" "Well, what happened when you did get there?" "I never went." "Mrs. Lyons!" "No, I swear it to you on all I hold sacred. I never w
 Let us to France, like horse-leeches, my boys, To suck, to suck, the very blood to suck. BOY. And that's but unwholesome food, they say. PISTOL. Touch her soft mouth and march. BARDOLPH.
gain Do their due functions. Have you ta'en of it? IMOGEN. Most like I did, for I was dead. BELARIUS. My boys, There was our error. GUIDERIUS. This is sure Fidele. IMOGEN. Why did you throw your wedd
tay'd so long. SUFFOLK. Nay, Gloucester, know that thou art come too soon, Unless thou wert more loyal than thou art. I do ar
 I will teach the children their behaviours; and I will be like a jack-an-apes also, to burn the knight with my taber. FORD. That will be excellent.
ide a house; but he had intended to use it outside, and there it has very obvious advantages, as it would be impossible to miss with it, and the sound of shots is so com
o now? How will you live? SON. As birds do, Mother. LADY MACDUFF. What, with worms and flies? SON. With what I get, I mean; and so do they. LADY MA
e you; and gold confound you howsoe'er! Amen. THIRD BANDIT. Has almost charm'd me from my profession by persuading me to it. FIRST BANDIT. 'Tis in the 
IAN. Well, sir, we will not. CLOWN. If you have any music that may not be heard, to't again; but, as they say, to hear music the general
the Agra treasure had come to be a smaller thing in my mind than the slaying of Sholto. "Well, I have set my mind on many things in this life, and never
ld you Caesar was ambitious; If it were so, it was a grievous fault, And grievously hath Caesar answer'd it. Here, under leave of Brutus and the rest- For Brutus is an honorable man
 be his. So tell your cousin, and bring me word What he will do. But if he will not yield, Rebuke and dread correction wait on us
u, And as I find her, so am I affected; Till then, farewell, sir; she must needs go in; Her father will be angry. FENTON. Farewell, gentle mist
d, And good supporters are you. Enter FRIAR PETER and ISABELLA PETER. Now is your time; speak loud, and kneel before him. ISABELLA. Justice, O roya
most in report through Italy. Hero. Indeed he hath an excellent good name. Urs. His excellence did earn it ere he had it. When are you married, madam? Hero. Why, every day to-morrow! Come, g
ithout retention or restraint, All his in dedication; for his sake, Did I expose myself, pure for his love, Into the danger of this adverse town; Drew to defend him 
is well hang'd in this world needs to fear no colours. MARIA. Make that good. CLOWN. He shall see none to fear. MARIA. A good lenten answer. I can tell thee where that saying was born, of 'I 
dy, overwhelmed by this sudden and irrevocable disaster which had brought all our long and weary labours to so piteous an end. Then, as the moon rose we climbed to the top of the rocks over which o
oo late, I fear me, noble lord, Hath clouded all thy happy days on earth. O, call back yesterday, bid time return, And thou shalt have twelve thousand fighting men! To-day, to-day, unhappy day,
ntiers of Mantua. A forest Enter certain OUTLAWS FIRST OUTLAW. Fellows, stand fast; I see a passenger. SECOND OUTLAW. If there be ten, shrink not, b
les's death." "I cannot understand, Barrymore, how you came to conceal this important information." "Well, sir, it was immediately after that our own trouble came to us. And then again, sir, we we
 one, Into your own hands, Cardinal, by extortion; The goodness of your intercepted packets You writ to th' Pope against the King; your goodness, Since you
an easy glove, my lord; she goes of and on at pleasure. KING. This ring was mine, I gave it his first wife. DIANA. It might be yours or hers, for aught I know. KING. Take her away, I 
 Then take thine auld cloak about thee." Some wine, ho! CASSIO. Why, this is a more exquisite song than the other. IAGO. Will you hear't again? CASSIO. No
om love doth press to go? HERMIA. What love could press Lysander from my side? LYSANDER. Lysander's love, that would not let him bide- Fair Helena, who more engil
ntary, and you as under an impress. THERSITES. E'en so; a great deal of your wit too lies in your sinews, or else there be liars. Hector shall have a great catch an he
 To bait me with this foul derision? Is all the counsel that we two have shar'd, The sisters' vows, the hours that we have spent, When we have chid th
 lord, Dumain is mortified. The grosser manner of these world's delights He throws upon the gross world's baser slaves; To
ilt thou stab Caesar too? A parley, sirrah, to George of Clarence. [Sound a parley. RICHARD and CLARENCE whisper] WARWICK. Come, Clarence, come. Thou wilt if Warw
t one more L. NATHANIEL. A rare talent! DULL. [Aside] If a talent be a claw, look how he claws him with a talent. HOLOFERNES. This is a gift that I have, 
atience. But there is no such man; for, brother, men Can counsel and speak comfort to that grief Which they themselves not feel; but, tasting it, Their counsel turns to
'll hear a little more. KING HENRY. My Queen and son are gone to France for aid; And, as I hear, the great commanding Warwick Is thither gone to crave the Fr
ent and I then plunged into a discussion of his case, of which I took exhaustive notes. He was not remarkable for intelligence, and his answers were frequently obscure, which I attributed to h
r 't! FALSTAFF. But, I pray thee, tell me this: has Ford's wife and Page's wife acquainted each other how they love me? QUICKLY. That were a jest indeed! They have not 
to solve. To Holmes I wrote showing how rapidly and surely I had got down to the roots of the matter. In reply I had a telegram asking for a description of Dr. Shlessinger's left
g of all occasions. But whatsoever I have merited, either in my mind or in my means, meed, I am sure, I have received none, unless experience be a jewel; that I have purchased at an infinite rate, an
. Your hand, Leonato. We will go together. Exeunt. Manent Benedick and Claudio. Claud. Benedick, didst thou note the daughter of Signior Leonato? Bene. I 
h stay'd upon some favour that it loves; Hath it not, boy? VIOLA. A little, by your favour. DUKE. What kind of woman is't? VIOLA. Of your complexion. DUKE. She is not worth 
nown medical practitioner, named Dr. Barnicot, who has one of the largest practices upon the south side of the Thames. His residence
nown medical practitioner, named Dr. Barnicot, who has one of the largest practices upon the south side of the Thames. His residence and principal consulting-room is at Kennington Road,
YORK. Give me my boots, I say. DUCHESS. Why, York, what wilt thou do? Wilt thou not hide the trespass of 
uising and pretended flight, Who, all enrag'd, will banish Valentine, For Thurio, he intends, shall wed his daughter; But, Valentin
aster; but to jig off a tune at the tongue's end, canary to it with your feet, humour it with turning up your eyel
SCENE IV. Westminster. The Jerusalem Chamber Enter the KING, PRINCE THOMAS OF CLARENCE, PRINCE HUMPHREY OF GLOUCESTER, WARWICK, and others KING. Now, lords, if God doth give successful e
e Witches. FIRST WITCH. Where hast thou been, sister? SECOND WITCH. Killing swine. THIRD WITCH. Sister
sty earls, Grandpre and Roussi, Fauconbridge and Foix, Beaumont and Marle, Vaudemont and Lestrake. Here was a royal fellowship of death! Where is the number of our English dead? [HERALD presents anot
done To him that victory commands? Or do you purpose A victor shall be known? Will you the knights Shall to the edge of all extremity Pursue each other, or shall 
with such gifts that heaven shall share with you. LUCIO. [To ISABELLA) You had marr'd all else. ISABELLA. Not with fond sicles of the tested gold, Or stones, whose rate are either rich or po
chair. "Briefly," she continued, "the facts are these. My father was an officer in an Indian regiment who sent me home when I was quite a child. My mother was dead, and I had no relative i
Another word, Menenius, I will not hear thee speak. This man, Aufidius, Was my belov'd in Rome; yet thou behold'st. AUFIDIUS. You keep a constant temper. Exeunt CORIOLANUS and Aufidius FIRST WAT
his death. LUCILIUS. So Brutus should be found. I thank thee, Brutus, That thou hast proved Lucilius' saying true. OCTAVIUS. All that served Brutus, I will entertain them. Fellow,
d. Exit KING HENRY. It sorts well with your fierceness. Enter FLUELLEN and GOWER GOWER. Captain Fluellen! FLUELLEN. So! in the name of Jesu Christ, speak
at! shall I be appointed hours, as though, belike, I knew not what to take and what to leave? Ha! Exit GREMIO. You may go to the devil's dam; your gifts are so good here's none will hold you. The
which should indeed have died With them they think on? Things without all remedy Should be without regard. What's done is done. MACBETH. We have scotch'd the snake, not kill'd it. She'll 
sed my credit. Fal. Yea, and so us'd it that, were it not here apparent that thou art heir apparent- But I prithee, sweet wag, shall there be gallows standing in England when
was on the right side of the neck and from behind forwards, so that it is almost impossible that it could ha
the drawing-room, and finally the dining-room. As I approached the window, which is covered with thick curtains, I suddenly felt the wind blow upon my face 
 hand, and I can you my queen. KATHERINE. Laissez, mon seigneur, laissez, laissez! Ma foi, je ne veux point que vous abaissi
y.' SPEED. Now you have taken the pains to set it together, take it for your pains. PROTEUS. No, no; you shall have it for bearing the letter. SPEED. Well, I perceive I must be fain to 
n. Groan? Why, no; But sadly tell me who. Rom. Bid a sick man in sadness make his will. Ah, word ill urg'd to one that is so ill! In sadness, cousin, I do love a woman. Be
ind the secretary, Stangerson, and to ascertain some particulars of the habits of the deceased. A great step had 
mas present, and I knew that she was always as good as her word. I would take my goose now, and in it I would carry my stone to Kilburn. There was a little shed in the yard, and behind this 
parts, When I am sure you hate me with your hearts. You both are rivals, and love Hermia; And now both rivals, to mock Helena. A trim exp
er the GHOST of LADY ANNE, his wife GHOST. [To RICHARD] Richard, thy wife, that wretched Anne thy wife That never slept a quiet hour with thee Now fills thy sleep with perturbations
IZEN. You have received many wounds for your country. CORIOLANUS. I will not seal your knowledge with showing them. I will make much of your voices, and so trouble you no fa
nk that Selden's death was as Stapleton would have us believe. He will have a better nerve for the ordeal which he will ha
Well, I dare say he knows one or two more." "Of the lodge?" "It's likely enough." "I was asking because it is likely that he may have given some description of this fel
 in the hospital and yet not on the staff he could only have been a house-surgeon or a house-physician--little more
 is Walter Whitmore. How now! Why start'st thou? What, doth death affright? SUFFOLK. Thy name affrights me, in whose sound is death. A cunning man did calculate my birth And told me that by water 
rthy of thee, and to pay thee for thy labour. He that loves to be flattered is worthy o' th' flatterer. Heavens
rst, the Retort Courteous; the second, the Quip Modest; the third, the Reply Churlish; the fourth, the Reproof Valiant; the fifth, the Counter
d finds his trusty Thisby's mantle slain; Whereat with blade, with bloody blameful blade, He bravely broach'd his boiling bloody breast; And Thisby, tarrying in mulberry shade, His dagger dr
own the room, "you are most long-suffering, but if I have told you nothing in the last three days it is because there is nothing to tell. Even now this report from Pa
e or so, but not to the purpose. Signior Romeo, bon jour! There's a French salutation to your French slop. You gave us the counterfeit fairl
shall run, Where never Roman shall take note of him. Exit. Re-enter Titinius with Messala. MESSALA. It is but change, Titinius, for Octavius Is overthrown by noble Brutus' power, As Cassius' legions 
s, he was trying to hide his own identity from everybody as long as he could. His secret was a shameful one, and he could not bri
," said Sir Henry Baskerville, "someone cut out this message with a scissors--" "Nail-scissors," said Holmes. "You can see that it was a very short-bladed scissors,
, am I the man yet? Doth my simple feature content you? AUDREY. Your features! Lord warrant us! What features? TOUCHSTONE. I am here with thee and thy goats, 
o this closet. [Shuts SIMPLE in the closet] He will not stay long. What, John Rugby! John! what, John, I say! Go, John, go inquire for my maste
 he was doing. At last, however, on a wild, tempestuous evening, when the wind screamed and rattled against the windows, he returned from his last expedition, and havin
g of the bed; And here I'll fling the pillow, there the bolster, This way the coverlet, another way the sheets; Ay, and amid this hurly I intend That all is done in reverend care of her- And
d will hold, And his soft couch defile. NYM. My humour shall not cool; I will incense Page to deal with poison; I will possess him with yellowness; for the revolt of mine is dangerous.
ook at! It is a lesson to us not to trust our own judgment, is it not, Lestrade?" "Yes, some of us are a little too much inclined to be cocksure, Mr. Holmes," said Lestrade. The man's i
he earth And, by my fall, the conquest to my foe. Thus yields the cedar to the axe's edge, Whose arms gave shelter to the princely eagle, Under whose shade the ramping lion slept,
ow should I bestow him? Shall I put him into the basket again? Re-enter FALSTAFF FALSTAFF. No, I'll com
into your tongue; One time will owe another. CORIOLANUS. On fair ground I could beat forty of them. MENENIUS. I could myself Take up a brace o' th' best of them; yea, th
ere perdition of the Turkish fleet, every man put himself into triumph; some to dance, some to make bonfires, each man to wha
Prince of Verona. Paris, a young Count, kinsman to the Prince. Montague, heads of two houses at variance with each other. Capulet, heads o
ke thou no scorn to wear the horn; It was a crest ere thou wast born. Thy father's father wore it; And thy father
ay eye or so, but not to the purpose. Signior Romeo, bon jour! There's a French salutation to your French slop. You gave us the counterfeit fairly l
es. DOLL. By my troth, I kiss thee with a most constant heart. FALSTAFF. I am old, I am old. DOLL. I love thee bette
lf and curse my fate, Wishing me like to one more rich in hope, Featured like him, like him with friends possessed, Desiring
AGO. O, did he so? I charge you, go with me. EMILIA. Fie, fie upon thee, strumpet! BIANCA. I am no strumpet, but of life as honest As you that thus abus
, Where they shall know our mind. Away! Exeunt SCENE VI. Near the camp of COMINIUS Enter COMINIUS, as it were in retire, with soldiers COMINIUS. Brea
reant limbs. KING JOHN. We like not this: thou dost forget thyself. Enter PANDULPH KING PHILIP. Here comes the holy legate of the Pope. PANDULPH. Hail, 
he. "Now, Mr. Brown, I am quite at your disposal." It was twenty minutes, and the reds had all faded into grays before Holmes and the trainer reappeared. Never have I se
d-hilts, whilst I run on it. VOLUMNIUS. That's not an office for a friend, my lord. Alarum still. CLITUS. Fly, fly, my lord, there is no tarrying here. BRUTUS. 
ould not have made this peace. Exeunt SCENE IV. Rome. A public place Enter MENENIUS and SICINIUS MENENIUS. See you yond coign o' th' Capitol, yond cornerstone?
arles should destroy this letter which he received on the day of his death." "The matter is a very private one." "The more reason why you should 
nd some dogs will catch well. AGUECHEEK. Most certain. Let our catch be 'Thou knave.' CLOWN. 'Hold thy peace, thou knave' knight? I shall be constrain'd 
ere I may think the remnant of my thoughts In peace, and part this body and my soul With contemplation and devout desires. SALISBURY. We do believe thee; and beshrew my soul Bu
g lose, Like vassalage at unawares encount'ring The eye of majesty. Re-enter PANDARUS With CRESSIDA PANDARUS. 
e this fortune patiently, Since not to be avoided it fails on me. King. Bear Worcester to the death, and Vernon too; Other offenders we will pause upon. Exeunt Worceste
e number merely strange, but none commonplace; for, working as he did rather for the love of his art than for the acquirement of wealth, he refused to asso
. CRESSIDA. Do you think I will? TROILUS. No. But something may be done that we will not; And sometimes we are devils to ourselves, When we will tem
 and good next day too. Exit ACHILLES. What mean these fellows? Know they not Achilles? PATROCLUS. They pass by strangely. They were us'd to bend, To send their smiles before them to Achilles, To com
R. A heavy reckoning for you, sir. But the comfort is, you shall be called to no more payments, fear no more tavern bills, which are often the sadness of parting, as the procuring of mirth. You co
ey say shall never be saved by half that they do. But this is most falliable, the worm's an odd worm. CLEOPATRA. Get thee hence; farewell. CLOWN. I wish you all joy of the worm. [Sets down the basket
ur leave. GLOUCESTER. [To the BISHOPS] Come, let us to our holy work again. Farewell, my cousin; farewell, gentle friends. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF 
would go far to explain everything. But where could such a hound lie concealed, where did it get its food, where 
w off the impression and talk as if the matter were clear, but then his doubts would settle down upon him again, and his knitted brows and abstracted eyes would show that hi
e, my new secretary; I find him a fit fellow. Exit WOLSEY Re-enter WOLSEY with GARDINER WOLSEY. [Aside to GARDINER] Give me your hand: much joy and favour to you; You are the
, for thou shalt be my queen. GLOUCESTER. The ghostly father now hath done his shrift. CLARENCE. When he was made a shriver, 'twas for shrift. KING EDWARD. Brothers, you muse what chat we two have
hands with the Scotland Yard detective. "Journeys end with lovers' meetings. What brings you here?" "The same reasons that bring you, I expect," said Gre
ew down the blind. That was a week ago, and from that time I have not sat again in the window, nor have I worn the blue dress, nor seen the man in the road." "Pray
 had become even more vital to him, in which he lost it. Ettie Shafter's father would have nothing more to do with him, nor would he allow him to ent
there! Storm still. Lear. What, have his daughters brought him to this pass? Couldst thou save nothing? Didst thou gi
s, Save what is opposite to England's love. Therefore, to arms! be champion of our church, Or let the church, our mother, b
las, whoever he may be, residing as stated, a rich country gentleman. He is sure--'confidence' was as near as he could get to 'confident'--that it is pressing. There 
as her first voyage--she had never been from home before. He won her with his title and his money and his false London ways. If she made a mistake she has paid for it, i
were you, madam, ere I came; But by my coming I have made you happy. SILVIA. By thy approach thou mak'st me most unhappy. JULIA. [Aside] And me, when he approachet
ke an old wife at a wake. Let's have the facts. Who is the fellow? Where is he? How did you hear of him? Why did you c
in't, yet it is mine. Ham. Thou dost lie in't, to be in't and say it is thine. 'Tis for the dead, not for the quick; therefore thou liest. Clown. 'Tis a
this thing short. If I have your confidence and your help, it is little that we have to fear." "What have we to fear, anyhow? What can he know of our aff
nd yet be ignorant of his death?" "I have seen too much not to know that the impression of a woman may be more valuable than the conclusion of an analytical reaso
usiness to me, and it was not my habit to force a confidence. The first positive sign which he gave me of the direction which his investigation was taking was an extraordinary
g, yellow devil." We carried her upstairs, laid her on the sofa, and a couple of cups of the strongest coffee soon cleared her brain from the mists of the drug. Ba
 their tides and low name There's nothing differs but the outward fame. Enter the two MURDERERS FIRST MURDERER. Ho! who's here?
word, Beatrice, thou lovest me. Beat. Do not swear, and eat it. Bene. I will swear by it that you love me, and I will make him eat it that says
shall be done. Exit PROSPERO. Thou poisonous slave, got by the devil himself Upon thy wicked dam, come forth! Enter CALIBAN CALIBAN. As wicked dew as e'er my m
, you mix your sadness with some fear. This is the English, not the Turkish court; Not Amurath an Amurath succeeds, But Harry Harry. Yet be s
hou hadst rather Follow thine enemy in a fiery gulf Than flatter him in a bower. Enter COMINIUS Here is Cominius. COMINIUS. I have been i' th' market-place; an
A shall recover his wits there; or, if 'a do not, 'tis no great matter there. Ham. Why? Clown. 'Twill not he seen in him there. There the men are as mad as he. Ham. How came he mad? Clown. Very str
, do not weep. Alas the day! EMILIA. Hath she forsook so many noble matches, Her father and her country and her friends, To be
ow, Parker by name, a garroter by trade, and a remarkable performer upon the Jew's harp. I cared nothing for him. But I cared a great deal for the much more formidable person who was behi
r, Set forth in your pursuit. SEBASTIAN. My kind Antonio, I can no other answer make but thanks, And thanks, and ever thanks; and oft good turns Are shuffl'd off w
 That e'er I watch'd, and the most heaviest. Exeunt SCENE III. Under SILVIA'S window Enter EGLAMOUR EGLAMOUR. This is the hour that Madam Silvia Entreated me to call and know her mind
es. Queen. For love of God, forbear him! Ham. 'Swounds, show me what thou't do. Woo't weep? woo't fight? woo't fast? woo't tear thyself? Woo't drink up esill? eat a c
m the cliffs around me. It was the sight of that Alpine-stock which turned me cold and sick. He had not gone to Rosenlaui, then. He had remained on that 
lish carrion, Mistress Quickly, to him, and excuse his throwing into the water, and give him another hope, to betray him to another punishment? MRS. PAGE. We will do
"is never to let them think that their information can be of the slightest importance to you. If you do, they will instantly shut up like an oyster. If you listen to them under protest, as it
ck to work." He rose and showed a double-radiating disc round the keyhole. "This outer one is for the letters, the inner one for the figures." "Well, well, that's fine." "So it's not quite
ors are they? Are they not malefactors? ELBOW. If it please your honour, I know not well what they are; but precise villains they are, that I am sure of, and void of all profanation in th
. It rested in your Grace To unloose this tied-up justice when you pleas'd; And it in you more dreadful would have seem'd Than in Lord Angelo. DUKE. I do fear, too dreadful. Sith 'twas my fault t
ues (the voice of souls) give thee that due, Uttering bare truth, even so as foes commend. Thy outward thus with outward praise is crowned, But those same tong
esume to touch a hair of my mastcr's horse-tail till they kiss their hands. Are they all ready? CURTIS. They are. GRUMIO. Call them forth. CURTIS. Do you hear, ho? You must meet 
repared to use my weapons, knowing that the law will support me. Besides, your supposition that I would bring the letters here in a note-book is entirely mistaken. I would do nothi
So please you- Exit. Lear. What says the fellow there? Call the clotpoll back. [Exit a Knight.] Where's my fool, ho? I think the world's asleep. [Enter Knight] How now? Where's that mongrel
 peremptorily I speak it, there is virtue in that Falstaff. Him keep with, the rest banish. And tell me now, thou naughty varlet, tell me where hast thou be
hen he shall split thy very heart with sorrow, And say poor Margaret was a prophetess! Live each of you the subjects to his hate, And he to yours, and all of you to God's! Exit BUCKINGHAM. My 
uch shame. Would yet he had liv'd! Alack, when once our grace we have forgot, Nothing goes right; we would, and we would not. Exit SCENE V. Fields without the t
rap'd out of the painted cloth for this. Your lion, that holds his poleaxe sitting on a close-stool, will be given to Ajax. He will be the ninth Worthy. A conqueror and afeard to speak! 
, because I bought mine own. AARON. I go, Andronicus; and for thy hand Look by and by to have thy sons with thee. [Aside] Their heads I mean. O, how this villainy Doth fat me with the v
 all. ANTONY. Gentle Octavia, Let your best love draw to that point which seeks Best to preserve it. If I lose mine honour, I lose myself; better I were not yours Than you
n's wit. He used to make merry over the cleverness of women, but I have not heard him do it of late. And when he speaks of Irene Adler, or when he refers to her phot
. Trip away; make no stay; Meet me all by break of day. Exeunt all but PUCK PUCK. If we shadows have offended, Think but this, and all is mended, That you have but slumb'red here
The King took a heavy chamois leather bag from under his cloak and laid it on the table. "There are three hundred pounds in gold and seven hundred in notes," he said. Holmes
LOVELL. I do beseech your Grace, for charity, If ever any malice in your heart Were hid against me, now to forgive me frankly. BUCKINGHAM. Sir Thomas Lovell, I as free forgive yo
o plentiful an excrement? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Because it is a blessing that he bestows on beasts, and what he hath scanted men in hair he hath given them in wit. ANT
ed and fifty left alive; and they are for the town's end, to beg during life. But who comes here? Enter the Prince. Prince. 
so much. FLAMINIUS. I need not tell him that; he knows you are to diligent. Exit Enter FLAVIUS, in a cloak, muffled LUCIUS' SERVANT. Ha! Is not that his steward muffled so?
turesque decay when the Douglases took possession of it. This family consisted of only two individuals--John Douglas and his wife. Douglas was a remar
word? Ay, so true love should do: it cannot speak; For truth hath better deeds than words to grace it. Enter PANTHINO PANTHINO. Sir Proteus, you are stay'd for. PROTEUS. Go; I come, I c
 go out of my dialect, which you discommend so much. I know, sir, I am no flatterer. He that beguil'd you in a plain accent was a plain knave, which, for my part, I will not be, though I 
er hands, and all our house in a great perplexity; yet did not this cruel-hearted cur shed one tear. He is a stone, a very pebble stone, and has
not of a fair and lucky war, Since God so graciously hath brought to light This dangerous treason, lurking in our way To hinder our beginnings; we doubt not now But every rub is smoothed on our way
ues. Then shall I swear to Kate, and you to me, And may our oaths well kept and prosp'rous be! Sennet. Exeunt EPILOGUE EPILOGUE. Enter CHORUS CHORUS. Thus far, with
ke, courtlike, and learned preparations. FALSTAFF. O, sir! FORD. Believe it, for you know it. There is money; spend it, spend it;
ate? A lover evidently, for who else could outweigh the love and gratitude which she must feel to you? I knew that you went out little, and that your circle of friends was a very li
four to dinner. I dare say This quarrel will drink blood another day. Exeunt SCENE 5. The Tower of London Enter MORTIMER, brought in a chair, and GAOLERS MORTIMER. Kind keepers of m
 a word of it. ELY. I'll wait upon you, and I long to hear it. Exeunt SCENE II. London. The Presence Chamber in the KING'S palace Enter the KING, GLOUCESTER, BEDFORD, EXETER, WARWICK, WES
I have done. Beat. You always end with a jade's trick. I know you of old. Pedro. That is the sum of all, Leonato. Signior Claudio and Signior Benedick, my dear friend Leonato hath invite
my heart breaks at it. Lear. Read. Glou. What, with the case of eyes? Lear. O, ho, are you there with me? No eyes in your head, nor no money in your purse? Your eyes are in a hea
s seen after my simple wants: a loaf of bread and a clean collar. What does man want more? He has given me an extra pair of eyes upon a very active pair of feet, and both have been invaluable
e you Ere now denied the asker, and now again, Of him that did not ask but mock, bestow Your su'd-for tongues? THIRD CITIZEN. He's not confirm'd: we may deny him yet. SECOND CITIZENS.
d it himself. That was the train of events as far as I can decipher them. Of course as to his personal appearance he must be middle-aged, and must be sunburned after serving his time in such 
d iron districts. He had travelled a good deal in his time." "Was he a politician? Had this secret society to do with politics?" "No, he cared nothing about politics." "Y
tea-tray in my hand. I thought I would come back for the key. Then I forgot." "Has the outer door a spring lock?" "No, sir." "Then it was open all the time?" "Yes, sir." "Anyone in the room could ge
, that I have said anything which he may invent which will corroborate his insane suspicions. You can lie as you like, Holmes. My word is always as good as yours." "Good heavens!" cried Holmes. "I 
nows what follows?' Than Hector is. The wound of peace is surety, Surety secure; but modest doubt is call'd The beacon of the wise, the tent that searches To th' bottom of the wors
ainst all suit. Tell me, Apollo, for thy Daphne's love, What Cressid is, what Pandar, and what we? Her bed is India; there she lies, a pearl; Between our Ilium and where she resides Let 
INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT I. SCENE I. Padua. A public place Enter LUCENTIO and his man TRANIO LUCENTIO. Tranio, since for the great desire I had 
e, But comforts we despise; our size of sorrow, Proportion'd to our cause, must be as great As that which makes it. Enter DIOMEDES, below How now! Is he dead? DIOMEDES. His death's upon him, but no
ours. ARMADO. Dost thou infamonize me among potentates? Thou shalt die. COSTARD. Then shall Hector be whipt for Jaquenetta that is quick by him, and hang'd for Pompey that is 
ay altogether." "So I shall, Miss Cushing. I only kept them here until my friend, Mr. Holmes, should have seen them in your presence." "Why in my presence, sir?" "In case he wished
old on's feet. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Who talks within there? Ho, open the door! DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. [Within] Right, sir; I'll tell you when, an you'll tell me wherefore.
vender, mints, savory, marjoram; The marigold, that goes to bed wi' th' sun, And with him rises weeping; these are flow'rs Of middle summer, and I think they are given To men of middle 
him indeed, my lord. KING RICHARD. O villains, vipers, damn'd without redemption! Dogs, easily won to fawn on any man! Snakes, in my heart-blood warm'd, that sting my heart! Three Judases
no' in this, most tender-smelling knight. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. The conqueror is dismay'd. Proceed, good Alexander. NATHANIEL. When in the world I liv'd, I was the worl
d her kissing with! MOPSA. Now, in good time! CLOWN. Not a word, a word; we stand upon our manners. Come, strike up. [Music] Here a dance Of SHEPHERDS and SHEPHERDESSES POLIXENES. Pray, good she
would take them away altogether." "So I shall, Miss Cushing. I only kept them here until my friend, Mr. Holmes, should have seen them in your presence." "Why in my presence, sir?" "In case he wished
hat can go well, when we have run so ill. Are we not beaten? Is not Angiers lost? Arthur ta'en prisoner? Divers dear friends slain? And bloody England into England gone, O'erbeari
e them, are certainly most remarkable," said Holmes. "I take it that you have no theory yourself which can in any way account for them?" "It's devilish, Mr. Holmes, devilish
don when he was young, and he wanted to do the old town a good turn. Then, again, I have heard it is no use your applying if your hair is light red, or dark red, or anything but real bright
od on the sill, the queer card, the marks of boots in the corner, the gun!" "Nothing there that could not have been arranged. Mr. Douglas was an American, or had lived long in America. So had Mr
hinks I feel this youth's perfections With an invisible and subtle stealth To creep in at mine eyes. Well, let it be. What ho, Malvolio! Re-enter MALVOLIO MALVOLIO. Here, madam, at your service. 
is'd me quite. I am afraid; and yet I'll venture it. If I get down and do not break my limbs, I'll find a thousand shifts to get away. As good to die and go, as die and stay. [Leaps down] O me! my 
ience this lonely woman had strayed into. The unusual salary, the curious conditions, the light duties, all pointed to something abnormal, though whether a fad or a plot, or whether the man were a
ll, as you guess? STANLEY. Stirr'd up by Dorset, Buckingham, and Morton, He makes for England here to claim the crown. KING RICHARD. Is the chair empty? Is the sword unsway'd? Is the King dead, the 
tis almost day. JULIA. Not so; but it hath been the longest night That e'er I watch'd, and the most heaviest. Exeunt SCENE III. Under SILVIA'S window Enter EGLAMOUR EGLAMOUR. This is the 
h feel as if it were eighteen years. She had only just arrived in London. Yes, it was her first voyage--she had never been from home before. He won her with his title and his money and his false 
 BASSIANUS and LAVINIA, with others SATURNINUS. So, Bassianus, you have play'd your prize: God give you joy, sir, of your gallant bride! BASSIANUS. And you of yours, my lord! I say no more, Nor wi
 CAPTAIN. Great Jupiter be prais'd! Lucius is taken. 'Tis thought the old man and his sons were angels. SECOND CAPTAIN. There 
 KING JOHN, ELINOR, BLANCH, the BASTARD, PEMBROKE, and others KING JOHN. Peace be to France, if France in peace p
 [Within] Let him knock till it ache. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. You'll cry for this, minion, if beat the door down. LUCE. [Within] What needs all t
 art thou Romeo; now art thou what thou art, by art as well as by nature. For this drivelling love is like a great natural that runs lolling up and do
 to dinner, And prays that you will hie you home to dinner. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. What, wilt thou flout me thus unto my face, Being forbid? There, take you that, sir knave. [Beats him
, forsooth. QUICKLY. Does he not wear a great round beard, like a glover's paring-knife? SIMPLE. No, forsooth; he hath but a little whey fa
INGBROKE. Why, Bishop, is Norfolk dead? CARLISLE. As surely as I live, my lord. BOLINGBROKE. Sweet peace conduct his sweet soul to the bosom Of good old Abraham! Lords appellants, Your di
PAROLLES. [To BERTRAM] These things shall be done, sir. LAFEU. Pray you, sir, who's his tailor? PAROLLES. Sir! LAFEU. O
PISTOL. Wilt thou revenge? NYM. By welkin and her star! PISTOL. With wit or steel? NYM. With both the humours, I.
[Aside to Malcolm.] What should be spoken here, where our fate, Hid in an auger hole, may rush and seize us? Let's away, Our tears are not yet brew'd. MALCOLM. [Aside to Donalbain.] Nor our strong
d not get the treasure because he and his associates were themselves convicts and could not get away." "Bu
d that he had done the deed for the sake of what was in that tin box, and that he could afford now to pay me well for keeping my mouth shut. "I found out wh
disinherited thine only son. PRINCE OF WALES. Father, you cannot disinherit me. If you be King, why should not I succeed? KING HENRY. Pardon me, Margaret;
e, That we may do it still without accompt. Vouchsafe to show the sunshine of your face, That we, like savages, may worship it. ROSALINE. My face is but a moo
f of many I am charged withal. Yet such extenuation let me beg As, in reproof of many tales devis'd, Which oft th
oluntary. No man is beaten voluntary. Ajax was here the voluntary, and you as under an impress. THERSITES. E'en so; a great deal of your wit too lies in your sinews, o
s upon my pate, Some of my mistress' marks upon my shoulders, But not a thousand marks between you both. If I should pay your worship those again, Perchance 
that they have held her prisoner up to now, it is clear that they cannot let her loose without their own destruction. We must prepare for the worst." "W
, BASSIANUS and LAVINIA, with others SATURNINUS. So, Bassianus, you have play'd your prize: God give you joy, sir, of your gallant bride! BASSIANUS. And you of yours, my 
. So much the more our carver's excellence, Which lets go by some sixteen years and makes her As she liv'd now. LEONTES. As now she might have done, So much to my good comfor
m, Cardinal. You hold a fair assembly; you do well, lord. You are a churchman, or, I'll tell you, Cardinal, I should j
ter, great power, great transcendence; which should, indeed, give us a further use to be made than alone the recov'ry of the King, as to be- LAFEU. Generally thankful. Enter KING, HELENA, and ATTENDA
nd ARVIRAGUS BELARIUS. No company's abroad. ARVIRAGUS. None in the world; you did mistake him, sure. BELARIUS.
er AUTOLYCUS AUTOLYCUS. Ha, ha! what a fool Honesty is! and Trust, his sworn brother, a very simple gentleman! I have sold all my trumpery; not a counterfeit stone, not a ribbon
nd Mr. Melas also. In the meantime, Mr. Melas, I should certainly be on my guard, if I were you, for of course they must know through these advertisements that you have betrayed them." 
S' SERVANT. Five thousand mine. FIRST VARRO'S SERVANT. 'Tis much deep; and it should seem by th' sum Your master's confidence was above mine, Else surely his had equall'd. Enter 
do live to see a son of mine Offend you, and obey you, as I did. So shall I live to speak my father's words: 'Happy am I that have a man so bold That dares do justice on my prop
'd? NORFOLK. Marry, is't. ABERGAVENNY. A proper tide of a peace, and purchas'd At a superfluous rate! BUCKINGHAM. Why, all this business Our reverend Cardinal carried. NORFOLK. Like it 
was bees-wing only in one glass. You must have noticed that fact. What does that suggest to your mind?" "The last glass filled would be most likely to contain bees-wing." "Not at all. The bottle wa
nga had lost all his darts; yet he managed to shoot one at us in the boat." "He had lost them all, sir, except the one which was in his blow-pipe at the time." "Ah, of course," said H
. Thou toad, thou toad, where is thy brother Clarence? And little Ned Plantagenet, his son? QUEEN ELIZABETH. Where is the gentle Rivers, Vaugh
less make the breathless housewife churn, And sometime make the drink to bear no barm, Mislead night-wanderers, laughing at their harm? Those that Hobgoblin call you, and 
 and watch their play. I am fond of a hand at cards myself, and it was almost as good as having one to watch the others. There was Majo
and, where the fellow scaled the fence. Let us have a look at that!" The plump young man led us to a spot where the
, and that he quite relied upon your being unconscious. Of course, I understood that he would repeat the attempt whenever it could be done with safety. Your leaving the room gave him the
FIRST CITIZEN. O most bloody sight! SECOND CITIZEN. We will be revenged. ALL. Revenge! About! Seek! Burn! Fire! Kill! Slay! Let not a traitor live! ANTON
t not so far prefer her fore ours of Italy. POSTHUMUS. Being so far provok'd as I was in France, I would abate her nothing, though I 
d cut the rope of the bell. Then I lashed her in her chair, and frayed out the end of the rope to make it look natural, else they would wonder ho
patra. ANTONY. We will yet do well. CLEOPATRA. Call all his noble captains to my lord. ANTONY. Do so, we'll speak to them; and to-nig
e paid her than she'll demand. STEWARD. Madam, I was very late more near her than I think she wish'd me. Alone she was, and did 
h'd to see thee ever cross-garter'd. I say, remember, Go to, thou art made, if thou desir'st to be so; if not, let me see thee a steward still, the fellow of servants, and not 
. Nay, you were better speak first; and when you were gravell'd for lack of matter, you might take occasion to kiss. Very good or
ceases. CAESAR. Calpurnia! CALPURNIA. Here, my lord. CAESAR. Stand you directly in Antonio's way, When he doth run his course.
Indeed! OTHELLO. Indeed? ay, indeed. Discern'st thou aught in that? Is he not honest? IAGO. Honest, my lord? OTHELLO. Honest? Ay, honest. IAGO. My lord, for aught 
elpless patience would relieve me; But if thou live to see like right bereft, This fool-begg'd patience in thee will 
uld you recommend?" "I recommend, sir, that you take a cab, call off your spaniel who is scratching at my front door, and proceed to Waterloo to meet Sir Henry Baskerville." 
l times will you have my power alike? Sleeping or waking, must I still prevail Or will you blame and lay the
e clock. BANQUO. And she goes down at twelve. FLEANCE. I take't 'tis later, sir. BANQUO. Hold, take my sword. There's hu
both the sentence and the sorrow That, to pay grief, must of poor patience borrow. These sentences, to sugar or 
 Pray write down Borachio. Yours, sirrah? Con. I am a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade. Dog. Write down Master Gentleman C
st do it for the honour of the thing. Maybe when it is done there will be a few odd dollars at the bottom of the box." "What has the man done?" asked young Wilson. "Sure, it's not for the likes
ng? LADY MACBETH. Did you send to him, sir? MACBETH. I hear it by the way, but I will send. There's not a one of them but in his house I kee
n behind into the stable lane. So long was he that Mr. Holder and I went into the dining-room and waited by the fire until he should return. We were sitting there in silence when the door opened and 
 He whom my father nam'd? Your Edgar? Glou. O lady, lady, shame would have it hid! Reg. Was he not companion with the riotous knights That tend upon my father? Glou. I know not, m
E. So do not you; for you are a light wench. ROSALINE. Indeed, I weigh not you; and therefore light. KATHARINE. You weigh me not? O, that's you care not for me. R
rry. You that are old consider not the capacities of us that are young; you do measure the heat of our livers wit
nditions that you honor the refund and replacement provisions of this "small print!" statement; and that you distribute exact copies of this etext, including this Small
ell upon the knife," said Holmes. "Exactly. The idea crossed my mind. But we found the knife some feet away from the body, so that seems impossible. T
to. Major Sholto denies having heard that he was in London. Four years later Sholto dies. Within a week of his d
hat it is only an amiable man in this world who receives testimonials, only an unambitious one who abandons a London career for the country, and only an absent-minded one who leaves his stick a
arly love. ANGELO. We are all frail. ISABELLA. Else let my brother die, If not a fedary but only he Owe and succeed thy weakness. ANGELO. Nay, women are 
your hand. CASSIO. Let me go, sir, or I'll knock you o'er the mazzard. MONTANO. Come, come, you're drunk. CASSIO. Drunk? They fight. IAGO. [Aside to Roderig
departure. TALBOT. Marry, for that she's in a wrong belief, I go to certify her Talbot's here. Re-enter PORTER With keys COUNTESS. If thou be he, then art thou prisoner. TALBOT. Priso
arked. "Beautiful! beautiful! The old Guiacum test was very clumsy and uncertain. So is the microscopic examination for blood corpuscles. The latter is 
, who craned their necks and strained their eyes in the vain hope of catching some glimpse of the proceedings within. I had im
ro. He hath indeed a good outward happiness. Claud. Before God! and in my mind, very wise. Pedro. He doth indeed show some sparks that are like wi
d the wood where the Fernworthy folk used to picnic. These infernal people seem to think that there are no rights of property, and that they can swarm where they l
d have acted before this. You have no further evidence, I suppose, than that which you have placed before us--no suggestive
an. Enter a MESSENGER O! from Italy? Ram thou thy fruitful tidings in mine ears, That long time have been barren. MESSENGER. Madam, madam- CLEOPATRA. Antony's dead! If thou say so, vi
t, my lord? OTHELLO. Honest? Ay, honest. IAGO. My lord, for aught I know. OTHELLO. What dost thou think? IAGO. Think, my
n some form. BEROWNE. For the following, sir? COSTARD. As it shall follow in my correction; and God defend the right! KING. Will you hear this letter with attention? BEROWNE. As we
esar. FOURTH CITIZEN. Caesar's better parts Shall be crown'd in Brutus. FIRST CITIZEN. We'll bring him to his house with shouts and clamor
 Attendants. MACBETH. Here's our chief guest. LADY MACBETH. If he had been forgotten, It had been as a gap in our great f
m out. Come, Valentine. VALENTINE. O my dear Silvia! Hapless Valentine! Exeunt VALENTINE and PROTEUS LAUNCE. I am but a fool, look you, and yet I have the 
ndon with me to-morrow." "Oh, you return to-morrow?" "That is my intention." "I hope your visit has cast some light upon those occurre
e performance than they are able, and yet reserve an ability that they never perform; vowing more than the
as so far gone that I knew the game was in my own hands. "Don't imagine that I intended to kill him in cold blood. It would only have been rigid justice if 
tracted Heirs of your kingdoms, my poor house to visit, It is a surplus of your grace, which never My life may last to answer. LEONTES. O Paulina, We honour you 
lord, guilty! I confess, I confess. KING. What? BEROWNE. That you three fools lack'd me fool to make up the mess; He, he, and you- and you
th of Venice: Venetia, Venetia, Chi non ti vede, non ti pretia. Old Mantuan, old Mantuan! Who understandeth thee not, loves thee not- Ut, re, sol, la, mi, fa. Under pardon, 
ve a care the honey-bag break not; I would be loath to have you overflown with a honey-bag, signior. Where's Mounsieur Mustardseed? MUSTARDSEED. Ready. BOTTOM. Give me your neaf, Mouns
d? Why should my heart think that a several plot, Which my heart knows the wide world's common place? Or mine eyes seeing this, say this is not To put fair 
a sigh, as if the sigh Was that it was for not being such a smile; The smile mocking the sigh that it would fly From so divine a templ
co-pouch upon the table." "What part of the table?" "It lay in the middle. It was of coarse seal-skin--the straight-haired skin, with a leather thong to bind it. Inside was 'P.C.' on the fl
e for a witch. ALEXAS. You think none but your sheets are privy to your wishes. CHARMIAN. Nay, come, tell Iras hers. ALEXAS. We'll know all our fortunes. ENOBARBUS. Mine, an
rime in others. She is helpless. She is migratory. She has sufficient means to take her from country to country and from hotel to hotel. She is lost, as often as
 live Gonzalo! GONZALO. And-do you mark me, sir? ALONSO. Prithee, no more; thou dost talk nothing to me. GONZALO. I do well believe your 
 what greeting will you to my Lord Lafeu? I am for France. SECOND LORD. Good Captain, will you give me a copy of the sonnet you wri
imagining that your own special trade or your own industry will be encouraged by a protective tariff, but it
 you, to defend all these; and at all these wards I lie at, at a thousand watches. PANDARUS. Say one of your watches. 
e is more owing her than is paid; and more shall be paid her than she'll demand. STEWARD. Madam, I was very late more near her than I think she wish'd me. Alone she was, and did communicate to hersel
rm; vowing more than the perfection of ten, and discharging less than the tenth part of one. They that have the voice of lions and the act of hares, are t
lf-past three. Au revoir, then." "Au revoir," said our visitor, and, with a bright, kindly glance from one to the other of us, she replaced her pearl-box in her bosom and hurried 
h villain! Enter HORTENSIO HORTENSIO. How now! what's the matter? My old friend Grumio and my good friend Petru
vershot. Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. My Lord High Constable, the English lie within fifteen hundred paces of your tents. CONSTABLE. Who
 shall I strike? PROTEUS. Who wouldst thou strike? LAUNCE. Nothing. PROTEUS. Villain, forbear. LAUNCE. Why, sir, I'll strike nothing. I pray you- PROTEUS. 
ut I'll be true. TROILUS. And I'll grow friend with danger. Wear this sleeve. CRESSIDA. And you this glove. When shall I see you? TROILUS. I will corrupt the Grecian sentinels To give thee night
that I was wrong and that Frank was right, and that we should be putting ourselves in the wrong if we were so secret. Then he offered to give us a chance of talking to
d is sworn Ne'er to pluck thee from thy thorn; Vow, alack, for youth unmeet, Youth so apt to pluck a sweet. Do not call it sin in me That I am forsworn for thee; Thou for whom Jove would swear Jun
n, Sweet Portia, welcome. PORTIA. So do I, my lord; They are entirely welcome. LORENZO. I thank your honour. For my part, my lord, My purpose was not to have seen you here; But m
ticle, my liege, yourself must break; For well you know here comes in embassy The French king's daughter, with yourself to speak- A mild of grace and complete majesty- About surrend
 they offend you, heartily; Yes, faith, heartily. Hor. There's no offence, my lord. Ham. Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, Horatio, And much offence too. Touching this vision here, It is
ce ACT I. SCENE 1 KING JOHN's palace Enter KING JOHN, QUEEN ELINOR, PEMBROKE, ESSEX, SALISBURY, and others, with CHATILLON KING JOHN. Now, say, 
ay and masterdom. MACBETH. We will speak further. LADY MACBETH. Only look up clear; To alter favor ever is to fear. Leave all the rest to me. Exeunt. SCENE VI. Befo
un. Enter a third MESSENGER THIRD MESSENGER. My gracious lords, to add to your laments, Wherewith you now bedew King Henry's hearse
, Master Slender- SLENDER. Now, good Mistress Anne- ANNE. What is your will? SLENDER. My Will! 'Od's heartlings, that's a pretty jest indeed! I ne'er made my will yet, I thank heaven; I am not such
of the door which had been forced. It was evident that a chisel or strong knife had been thrust in, and the lock forced back with it. We could see the marks in the wood where it had been pushed
ke this. Apoth. My poverty but not my will consents. Rom. I pay thy poverty and not thy will. Apoth. Put this in any liquid thing you will And drink it off, and if yo
RIPPA at one door, ENOBARBUS at another AGRIPPA. What, are the brothers parted? ENOBARBUS. They have dispatch'd with Pompey; he is gone; The other three are sealing. Octavia weep
rticular vices. He had been engaged to Miss Edith Woodley, of Carstairs, but the engagement had been broken off by mutual consent some months before, and there w
e've got a bit off the trail so far as that note is concerned." "On the contrary, I think we are particularly hot upon the trail, Sir Henry. Watson here knows more about my methods than you d
sir. Where then do you know best We be affied, and such assurance ta'en As shall with either part's agreement stand? BAPTISTA. Not in my house, Lucentio, for you know Pitchers hav
ot sufficient. For, look you, th' athversary- you may discuss unto the Duke, look you- is digt himself four yard under the countermines; by Cheshu, I think 'a will plow up all, if there i
 abuse, Hal. POINS. No abuse! FALSTAFF. No abuse, Ned, i' th' world; honest Ned, none. I disprais'd him befor
e sweet Roman hand. OLIVIA. Wilt thou go to bed, Malvolio? MALVOLIO. To bed? Ay, sweetheart, and I'll come to thee. OLIVIA. God comfort 
eked, and then, 'My God, my God, my sins have overtaken me!' "'What is it, uncle?' I cried. "'Death,' said he, and rising from the table he re
ou and your crafts! You have crafted fair! COMINIUS. You have brought A trembling upon Rome, such as was never S' incapable of help. BOTH
 and a good student from his book, and it is wonderful. SLENDER. [Aside] Ah, sweet Anne Page! PAGE. Save you, good Sir Hugh! EVANS. Pless you from his mercy sake, all of you! SHALLOW. What, the swo
longer. I could see that she hated me and feared me, and when the thought of it drove me to drink, then she despised me as well. "'Well, Sarah found that she could not make a 
 the papers?" asked the King hoarsely. "All is lost." "We shall see." He pushed past the servant and rushed into the drawing-room, followed by the King and myself. The furniture was scattered ab
to you. Exit Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. My gracious sovereign, now in Devonshire, As I by friends am well advertised, Sir Edward 
'd of the firm truth of valour. Exit SALISBURY BEDFORD. He is as full of valour as of kindness; Princely in both. Enter the KING WESTMORELAND. O that we now had here But one ten thousand of 
say. VALENTINE. Why, she hath not writ to me. SPEED. What need she, when she hath made you write to yourself? Why, do you not perceiv
 kind of easiness To the next abstinence; the next more easy; For use almost can change the stamp of nature, And either [master] the devil, or throw him out With wondrous potency. Once more, good n
ymbeline dreams that they are alive. They think they are mine; and though train'd up thus meanly I' th' cave wherein they bow, their thoughts do hit The roofs of palaces, and n
ught efficacious, and that he quite relied upon your being unconscious. Of course, I understood that he would repeat t
e a better death than die with mocks, Which is as bad as die with tickling. Urs. Yet tell her of it. Hear what she will say. Hero. No; rather I will go to Benedick
ake to recognize your footprint amid all the footprints of the world. If you seriously desire to deceive me you must change your tobacconist; for when I see the stu
rdoch, the blowing up of the Staphouse family, and the murder of the Stendals all followed hard upon one another in the same terrible winter. Darkly the shado
ices which appeared before the disappearance of the bride." "Before the what?" asked Holmes with a star
e ducats pawn I for my father here. DUKE. It shall not need; thy father hath his life. COURTEZAN. Sir, I must have tha
puis? L'air et le feu. DAUPHIN. Ciel! cousin Orleans. Enter CONSTABLE Now, my Lord Constable! CONSTABLE. Hark how our steeds for present service neigh! DAUPHIN. Mount them, an
ing's subjects. If his cause be wrong, our obedience to the King wipes the crime of it out of us. WILLIAMS. But if the cause be not good, the King himself hath a heavy reckoning t
with the valiant sword of York. Rise, Richard, like a true Plantagenet, And rise created princely Duke of York. PLANTAGENET. And so thrive Richard as thy foes may fall! And as my duty springs, so 
r look; A smaller boon than this I cannot beg, And less than this, I am sure, you cannot give. VALENTINE. [Aside] How like a dream is this I see and hear! Love, lend 
eived a bulky envelope, which contained a short note from the detective, and a typewritten document, which covered several pages of foolscap. "Lestrade has 
nd her guardian. Pedro. I would she had bestowed this dotage on me. I would have daff'd all other respects and made her half myself. I pray you tell Benedick of it and hear what 'a will
What luck, Mr. Holmes?" "We have had a very busy day, and not entirely a wasted one," my friend explained. "We have seen both the retail
cetta! Re-enter LUCETTA LUCETTA. What would your ladyship? JULIA. Is't near dinner time? LUCETTA. I would it were, That you might ki
 fight. IAGO. [Aside to Roderigo.] Away, I say; go out and cry a mutiny. Exit Roderigo. Nay, good lieutenant! God's will, gentlemen! Help, ho!- Lieutenant- sir- Mont
me for gold, ye slaves. [To the PAINTER] You have work for me; there's payment; hence! [To the POET] You are an alchemist; make gold of that.- Out, ra
 air, and then, dashing into the room, he threw up the window and hurled the brazen tripod out into the garden. "We can enter in a
ssential that you should do it." "Then I will do it." "And as you value your life do not go across the moor in any direction save
ss still wore an expression which showed the poor opinion which he had formed of my companion's ability, but I saw by the Inspector's face that his att
4th, rooms 8s., breakfast 2s. 6d., cocktail 1s., lunch 2s. 6d., glass sherry, 8d.' I see nothing in that." "Very likely n
E. What need you note it? Pray you keep your way; When you are call'd, return. Now the Lord help! They vex me past my patience. Pray you pas
ur Citizens with clubs or partisans. Officer. Clubs, bills, and partisans! Strike! beat them down! Citizen
rt. CLOWN. His vices, you would say; there's no virtue whipt out of the court. They cherish it to make it stay there; and yet it will no more but abide. AUTOLYCUS. Vices, I would say, sir. I know
osemary and Romeo begin both with a letter? Rom. Ay, nurse; what of that? Both with an R. Nurse. Ah, mocker! that's the dog's name. R is for the- No; I know it begins with some other 
ey wipe their lips. SECOND SERVANT. Why, then we shall have a stirring world again. This peace is nothing but to rust iron, increase tailors, and breed ballad-makers. FIRST SERVANT. Let me 
his office desired to sell the plans, would it not be simply to copy the plans for himself than to take the originals, as was actually done?" "I
rd? His health beseech you? IACHIMO. Well, madam. IMOGEN. Is he dispos'd to mirth? I hope he is. IACHIMO. Exceeding pleasant; none a stranger there So merry and so gamesome. He is 
ft. You have worked with it, and the muscles are more developed." "Well, the snuff, then, and the Freemasonry?" "I won't insult your intelligence by telling you how I read that, especially as,
n Europe." I shall be brief, and yet exact, in the little which remains for me to tell. It is not a subject on which I would willingly dwell, and yet I
? No, not for all the world. BRUTUS. Peace then, no words. CLITUS. I'll rather kill myself. BRUTUS. Hark thee, D
ar me. You shall hear me. Do you remember a box--an ivory box? It came on Wednesday. You opened it--do you reme
 write "whore" upon? What committed? Committed? O thou public commoner! I should make very forges of my cheeks, That would 
 Before OLIVIA'S house Enter SEBASTIAN and CLOWN CLOWN. Will you make me believe that I am not sent for you? SEBASTIAN. Go to, go to, thou art a foolish fellow; let
offends; It is not that that incens'd hath incens'd the Duke: It is because no one should sway but he; No one but he should be about the King; And that engenders thunder
ke his tail and say nothing, it will. SPEED. The conclusion is, then, that it will. LAUNCE. Thou shalt never get such a secret from me but by a parable. SPEED. 'Tis well that I get it so. But, 
us there, Your vile intent must needs seem horrible. HUBERT. Is this your promise? Go to, hold your tongue. ARTHUR. Hubert, the utterance of a brace of tongues Must needs want pleading 
 that have done this deed are honorable. What private griefs they have, alas, I know not, That made them do it. They are wise and honorable, And will, no 
for now I am bent to know, By the worst means, the worst. For mine own good All causes shall give way. I am in blood Stepp'
tays for thee at the Northgate. SPEED. For me? LAUNCE. For thee! ay, who art thou? He hath stay'd for a better man than thee. SPEED. And must I go to him? LAUNCE. Thou must 
ir hands, You and your crafts! You have crafted fair! COMINIUS. You have brought A trembling upon Rome, such as was never S' incapab
ereign, And made him to resign his crown perforce. WARWICK. Suppose, my lords, he did it unconstrain'd, Think you 'twere prejudicial to his crown? EXETER. No; for he 
 absolutely quiet one, that it would be at St. George's, Hanover Square, that only half a dozen intimate friends would be invited, and that the party woul
awful prize, he's made forever. CASSIO. I do not understand. IAGO. He's married. CASSIO. To who? Re-enter Othello. IAGO. Marry, to- Come
d I, after going through all the police formalities, have hurried round to you to implore you to use your skill in unravelling the matter. The police have openly confessed that they can 
ularity among his fellows it would have been his arrest and acquittal. That a man on the very night of joining the lodge should have done something which brought him bef
nd. Ham. Who commands them, sir? Capt. The nephew to old Norway, Fortinbras. Ham. Goes it against the main of Poland, sir, Or for some frontier? Capt. Truly to speak, and w
ists set out Enter AJAX, armed; AGAMEMNON, ACHILLES, PATROCLUS, MENELAUS, ULYSSES, NESTOR, and others AGAMEMNON. 
, can bear great fortune But by contempt of nature. Raise me this beggar and deny't that lord: The senator shall bear contempt hereditary, The beggar native honour. It is the pasture lards the 
r prove Unless good counsel may the cause remove. Ben. My noble uncle, do you know the cause? Mon. I neither know it nor can learn of him B
Titinius and Pindarus meet them. BRUTUS. Stand, ho! LUCILIUS. Give the word, ho, and stand. BRUTUS. What now, Luci
 on the trail in this matter, or I may be following a will-o'-the-wisp, but I shall soon know which it is. I hope that I may be back in a few hours." He cut a slice of be
nd have our two wagers recorded. POSTHUMUS. Agreed. Exeunt POSTHUMUS and IACHIMO FRENCHMAN. Will this hold, think you? PHILARIO. Signior Iachi
overy that this was a dummy, and that the bed was clamped to the floor, instantly gave rise to the suspicion that the rope was there 
 bound? Alack, or we must lose The country, our dear nurse, or else thy person, Our comfort in the country. We must find An evident calamity, though we had Our wish, which side shoul
 gift beside Thy modesty can beg. MESSENGER. He's married, madam. CLEOPATRA. Rogue, thou hast liv'd too long. [Draws a knife] MESSENGER
nd BOATSWAIN amazedly following O look, sir; look, sir! Here is more of us! I prophesied, if a gallows were on land, This fellow could not drown. Now, blasphemy, T
rail thus? SILVIUS. Call you this railing? ROSALIND. 'Why, thy godhead laid apart, Warr'st thou with a woman's heart?' Did you ever hear such railing? 'Whiles the eye of man di
g must make, Which with her dowry shall be counterpois'd. Draw near, Queen Margaret, and be a witness That Bona shall be wife to the English king. PRINCE
out of the upper window. What link could there be between that creature and my wife? Or how could the coarse, rough woman whom I had
And I will take up that with 'Give the devil his due.' CONSTABLE. Well plac'd! There stands your friend for the devil; have at the very eye of that proverb with 'A p
 Mortimer is not there. Sir M. But there is Mordake, Vernon, Lord Harry Percy, And there is my Lord of Worcester, and a head Of gallant warriors, noble gentlemen. Arch. And so there is; but yet 
?- that most are affected to these. ARMADO. How hast thou purchased this experience? MOTH. By my penny of observation. ARMADO. But O- but O- MOTH. The hobby-horse is forgot. AR
tarted as a full private, was raised to commissioned rank for his bravery at the time of the Mutiny, and so lived to command the regiment in which he had once carried a musket. "Colon
n. Thou'ldst have, great Glamis, That which cries, "Thus thou must do, if thou have it; And that which rather thou dost fear to do Than wishest should be undone." Hie thee hither, That I may pou
just now that you had done it. I'll forget it." "You can forget it or remember it, just as you like. I don't see you in the witnessbox. Quite another shaped box, my good Holmes, I assur
em. Ah, I am wondering! Strange how the brain controls the brain! What was I saying, Watson?" "My direction
ould describe roughly as being larger than a terrier and smaller than a mastiff." I laughed incredulously as Sherlock Holmes leaned back in hi
man who was hiding in that bedroom." Bannister licked his dry lips. "There was no man, sir." "Ah, that's a pity, Bannister. Up to now you may have spoken the truth, but now I know that you have l
STHUMUS. Their tenour good, I trust. IACHIMO. 'Tis very like. PHILARIO. Was Caius Lucius in the Britain court When you were there? IACHIMO. He was expected then, But 
I hear nothing. Enter the Soothsayer. PORTIA. Come hither, fellow; Which way hast thou been? SOOTHSAYER. At mine own house, good lady. PORTIA. What
I fear neither sword nor fire. SMITH. [Aside] He need not fear the sword, for his coat is of proof. DICK. [Aside] But methinks he should stand in fear of fire, being burnt i' th'
sicians. Friar. Come, is the bride ready to go to church? Cap. Ready to go, but never to return. O son, the night before thy wedding day Hath Death lain with thy wife. See, there she lie
ushing the thing up, I have brought a gentleman down from London to inquire more deeply into it." "This gentleman?" she asked, facing round to me. "No, his frien
air, Banish'd this frail sepulchre of our flesh, As now our flesh is banish'd from this land- Confess thy treasons ere thou fly the realm; Since thou hast far to go, bear not 
 mistress, while I swarmed up and cut the rope of the bell. Then I lashed her in her chair, and frayed out the end of the rope to make it look natural, else they would wonder how
, whose judgments in such matters cried in the top of mine) an excellent play, well digested in the scenes, set down with as much modesty as cunning. I remember one said there were 
MACDUFF. Yes, he is dead. How wilt thou do for father? SON. Nay, how will you do for a husband? LADY MACDUFF. Why, I can
In this case, however--" "I never make exceptions. An exception disproves the rule. Have you ever had occasion to study character in han
s pocket. "What name?" he asked. "James Lancaster." "I am sorry, Lancaster, but the berth is full. Here is half a sovereign for your troubl
d SERVINGMAN. The first meets him THIRD SERVANT. What fellow's this? FIRST SERVANT. A strange one as ever I look'd on. I cannot get him out o' th' house. Prithee call my master to him. T
ook remarkably robust." "How, then, did you know of it?" "My dear fellow, you know my methods." "You deduce
ience? MOTH. By my penny of observation. ARMADO. But O- but O- MOTH. The hobby-horse is forgot. ARMADO. Call'st thou my love 'hob
. On the table lay two bank-notes for ten pounds each and seventeen pounds ten in silver and gold, the money arranged in little piles of varying amount. There were some f
; we have two hours To furnish us. Enter LAUNCELOT, With a letter Friend Launcelot, what's the news? LAUNCELOT. An it shall please you to break up this, it shall se
here? Enter ORLANDO with his sword drawn ORLANDO. Forbear, and eat no more. JAQUES. Why, I have eat none yet. ORLANDO. Nor shalt not, till necess
as all honey when first we met him, only eighteen months ago, and we both feel as if it were eighteen years. She had only just arrived in London. Yes, it
ds. She was still, however, well in view, and the murky uncertain twilight was setting into a clear starlit night. Our boilers were strained to their utmost, and the frail sh
onduct of bold Iachimo, Sienna's brother. LUCIUS. When expect you them? CAPTAIN. With the next benefit o' th' wind. LUCIUS. This forwardness Mak
ll you. Yes, we have the entries here. One to Mr. Harker, you see, and one to Mr. Josiah Brown, of L
Allan Brothers', the chief land agents in the village, and found that it was from this firm that the villa h
e; If ever you have look'd on better days, If ever been where bells have knoll'd to church, If ever sat at any good man's feast, If ever from your eyelids wip'd a tear, And know wha
between us. CAESAR. That's the next to do. POMPEY. We'll feast each other ere we part, and let's Draw lots who shall begin. ANTONY. That will I, Pompey. POMPEY. No, Antony, tak
R. The gods do this in shame of cowardice. Caesar should be a beast without a heart If he should stay at home today for fear. No, Caesar shall not. Danger knows full well That Caesar is
ursuit? WESTMORELAND. Retreat is made, and execution stay'd. PRINCE JOHN. Send Colville, with his confederates, To York, to present execution. Blunt, 
 sink! I, as Aeneas our great ancestor Did from the flames of Troy upon his shoulder The old Anchises bear, so from the waves of Tiber Did I the tired Caesar. And this man Is 
ime had been done in a moment of fury, and that the murderer had seized the first weapon which came in his way. The fact that the crime was committed at two in the morning, and yet Peter Carey 
Brenda Tregennis," repeated our visitor. "For years I have loved her. For years she has loved me. The
IN. [Aside to BOYET] He may not by the yard. ARMADO. This Hector far surmounted Hannibal- COSTARD. The party is gone, fellow Hector, she is gone; she is two months on her way. ARMADO. What mean
this? CHATILLON. The proud control of fierce and bloody war, To enforce these rights so forcibly withheld. KING JOHN. Here have we war for war, and blood for blood, Controlment for contr
ss me, either with ay or no. KING EDWARD. Ay, if thou wilt say ay to my request; No, if thou dost say no to my demand. LADY GREY. Then, no, my lord. My suit is 
arty is still remembered in the colony as the Ballarat Gang. "One day a gold convoy came down from Ballarat to Melbourne, and we lay in wait for it and attacked it
uchsafe to read the purpose of my coming, And suddenly resolve me in my suit. [Giving a paper] KING. Madam, I will, if suddenly I may. PRINCESS OF FRANC
ho waits there? Sure you know me? Enter KEEPER KEEPER. Yes, my lord; But yet I cannot help you. CRANMER. Why? KEEPER. Your
s and fierce dragons' spleens- Have sold their fortunes at their native homes, Bearing their birthrights proudly on their backs, To make a hazard of new fortunes here. In brief, a braver cho
 was none. "I suppose that Mr. Sherlock Holmes has gone out," I said to Mrs. Hudson as she came up to lower the blinds. "No, sir. He has gone to his room, sir. Do you know, sir," sinking her vo
it his clay pipe at the lamp before descending into the street. "I'll be back some time, Watson," said he, and vanished into the night. I understood that he had opened his campaign 
that every essential is already known. We know that you were pressed for money; that you took an impress of the keys which your brother held; and that you entered into a corresponden
 The hour steals on; I pray you, sir, dispatch. ANGELO. You hear how he importunes me-the chain! ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Why, give it to my wife, and fetch your money. ANGELO. C
 Thou pout'st upon thy fortune and thy love. Take heed, take heed, for such die miserable. Go get thee to th
refore 'tis certain he was not ambitious. FIRST CITIZEN. If it be found so, some will dear abide it. SECOND CITIZEN. Poor soul, his eyes are red as fire
oth homage otherwhere; Or else what lets it but he would be here? Sister, you know he promis'd me a chain; Would that alone a love he would detain, So
gh to go into the empty wing,' I answered. 'But it is so lonely and eerie in this dim light that I was frightened and ran out again. Oh, it is so dreadfully still in there!' "'Only that?' said he, lo
ugh now we must appear bloody and cruel, As, by our hands and this our present act You see we do, yet see you but our hands
 eyes sparkled with pleasure when he understood that the specialist was anxious to hear his story. "I do not believe that the police credit me--on my word, I do not," 
T_4|SC_15 SCENE XV. Alexandria. A monument Enter CLEOPATRA and her maids aloft, with CHARMIAN and IRAS CLEOPATRA. O 
lown youth Blasted with ecstasy. O, woe is me T' have seen what I have seen, see what I see! Enter King
But I beg to point out that I have not yet heard what has happened to Mr. Garcia, nor what has become of his household." "As to Garcia," said G
am'st thou now To murther, murther our solemnity? O child! O child! my soul, and not my child! Dead art thou, dead! alack, m
against that? Three wine-glasses, that is all. But if I had not taken things for granted, if I had examined everything with care which I would have shown had
from it if you can, in hand or phrase; Or say 'tis not your seal, not your invention; You can say none of this. Well, grant it then, And te
win my wager better yet, And show more sign of her obedience, Her new-built virtue and obedience. Re-enter KATHERINA with BIANCA and WIDOW See where she comes, and brings your frow
t were lame, and could not bear themselves without the verse, and therefore stood lamely in the verse. CELIA.
 strange; 'Twas pitiful, 'twas wondrous pitiful. She wish'd she had not heard it, yet she wish'd That heaven had made her such a man; she thank'd me, And bade me, if
 yourselves scabs? FIRST CITIZEN. We have ever your good word. MARCIUS. He that will give good words to thee will flatter Beneath abhorring. What
 look, thy foes are bound. Sirs, stop their mouths, let them not speak to me; But let them hear what fe
[Paris], with Musicians. Friar. Come, is the bride ready to go to church? Cap. Ready to go, but never t
 hang together, for want of company. I think, if your husbands were dead, you two would marry. MRS. PAGE. Be sure of that-two other husbands. FORD. Where had you this pretty weathercock? M
e. O, ho! Queen. Nay, but Ophelia- Oph. Pray you mark. (Sings) White his shroud as the mountain snow- Enter King. Queen. Alas, look here, my lord! Oph. (Sings) Larded all with sweet flo
lain that would face me down He met me on the mart, and that I beat him, And charg'd him with a thousand marks in gold, And that I did deny my wi
nown to me should be in debt. Tell me, was he arrested on a band? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. on a band, but on a stronger thing, A chain, a chain. Do you not hear it ring? 
r leisure gave sweet leave, To entertain the time with thoughts of love, Which time and thoughts so sweetly doth deceive. And that
 here in one line is his name twice writ: 'Poor forlorn Proteus, passionate Proteus, To the sweet Julia.' That I'll tear away;
or the ideal detective. He has the power of observation and that of deduction. He is only wanting in knowledge; and that may come in time. He is now translating my small works into French." "Your 
t, I should do thus. [Flourish] CAESAR. Welcome to Rome. ANTONY. Thank you. CAESAR. Sit. ANTONY. Sit, sir. CA
't a dime novel after all. So I stayed to look after it. I never killed a man in Chicago. I never minted a dollar in my life. Those I gave you were as good 
 sum of sums yet canst not live? For having traffic with thy self alone, Thou of thy self thy sweet self dost deceive, Then how when nature calls thee to be gone
PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUT
yes To twinkle in their spheres till they return. What if her eyes were there, they in her head? The brightness of her cheek would shame those stars As daylight doth a lamp; her eyes in 
lards the rother's sides, The want that makes him lean. Who dares, who dares, In purity of manhood stand upright, And say 'This man's a flatterer'? If one be, So are they all; for every grise o
re then my eye doth feast, And to the painted banquet bids my heart: Another time mine eye is my heart's guest, And in his thoughts of love doth share a part.
r craved for this artificial stimulus, but I was well aware that the fiend was not dead, but sleeping; and I have known that the sleep was a light one and the waking near 
DERIGO. I'll be with thee betimes. IAGO. Go to, farewell. Do you hear, Roderigo? RODERIGO. What say you? IAGO. No more of drowning, do you hear? RODERI
proclamation of thy passion, To say thou dost not. Therefore tell me true; But tell me then, 'tis so; for, look, thy cheeks Conf
o town rather earlier than usual, remarking before he started that he had two important commissions to perform, and that he would bring his little boy home a box of bricks. Now, by 
o have. BOLINGBROKE. Good aunt, stand up. DUCHESS. do not say 'stand up'; Say 'pardon' first, and afterwards 'stand up.' 
Hopkins. Things were not going very well with him. "I believe that you are a wizard, Mr. Holmes. I really do sometimes think that you have powers that a
ream, and pore, and thereon look? For when would you, my lord, or you, or you, Have found the ground of study's excellence Without the beauty of a woman's face? 
 rose against him, being his sovereign, And made him to resign his crown perforce. WARWICK. Suppose, my lords, he did it unconstrain'd, Think you 'twere prejudicial to his crown? EXET
le there should be an end of the business; but it's 'Where are the geese?' and 'Who did you sell the geese to?' and 'W
to him. At intervals he drew from his pocket a bulky letter to which he referred, and on the margins of which he s
n forgery of shapes and tricks, Come short of what he did. Laer. A Norman was't? King. A Norman. Laer. Upon
, can take no greater wound, Nor tent to bottom that. But speak. PISANIO. Then, madam, I thought you would not back again. IMOGEN. Most like- Bringing me here to kill me. PISANIO.
rought forth The secret'st man of blood. What is the night? LADY MACBETH. Almost at odds with morning, which is which. MACBETH. How sa
s good as my word. He will bear you easily and reins well. FIRST OFFICER. This is the man; do thy office. SECOND OFFICER. Antonio, I arrest thee at the s
at the gate? O heavens! Spake you not these words plain: 'Sirrah knock me here, rap me here, knock me well, and knock me sound
as remarkable. I feared to refer them to you, however, as I knew that you had an inquiry on hand and that you disliked the intrusion of other matters." "Oh, you mean th
Ay; so I say. LAFEU. In a most weak- PAROLLES. And debile minister, great power, great transcendence; which should, indeed, give us a further use to be made than al
t a rainy morrow, To linger out a purposed overthrow. If thou wilt leave me, do not leave me last, When other petty griefs have done their spite, But in t
rpigo on the subject, and war and lechery confound all! Exit Enter AGAMEMNON, ULYSSES, NESTOR, DIOMEDES, AJAX, and CALCHAS AGAMEMNON. Where is Achilles? PAT
He had a garden and two or three fields round his house, and there he would take his exercise, though very often for weeks on end he would neve
atch. CLEOPATRA. Say 'tis not so, a province I will give thee, And make thy fortunes proud. The blow thou hadst Shall make thy peac
ace, sirrah! HORTENSIO. Grumio, mum! [Coming forward] God save you, Signior Gremio! GREMIO. And you are well met, Signior Hortensio. Trow you whither I am going
cob's staff, I swear I have no mind of feasting forth to-night; But I will go. Go you before me, sirrah; Say I will come. LAUNCELOT. I will go before, sir. Mis
 touches, livelier than life. Enter certain SENATORS, and pass over PAINTER. How this lord is followed! POET. The senators of Athens- happy man! PAINTER. Look, moe! POET. You see this conflue
ng. The idea did cross my mind. There is, as you may have observed, a bicycle shop next to our inn. Into this I rushed, engaged a bicycle, and was able to get started before the carr
erstand me that he is sufficient; yet his means are in supposition: he hath an argosy bound to Tripolis, another to the Indies; I understand, moreover, upon the Rialto, he hath a thir
r. Out of the black shadows there glimmered little red circles of light, now bright, now faint, as the burning poison waxed or waned in the bowl
ome other custom of entertainment. IAGO. O, they are our friends! But one cup; I'll drink for you. CASSIO. I have drunk but one cup tonight, and t
LLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUT
he hip upward, no doublet. Unless he have a fancy to this foolery, as it appears he hath, he is no fool for fancy, as you would have it appear he 
bet a fleeting view of a stretch of the Thames with the lamps shining upon the broad, silent water; but our cab dashed on, and was soon involved in a labyrinth of streets upon the ot
iety, had, so far as was known, no enemies, and no particular vices. He had been engaged to Miss Edith Woodley, of Carstairs, but the engagement had been broken off by mutual consent s
 I know more harm in him than in myself were to say more than I know. That he is old (the more the pity) his white hairs do witness it; but that he is (saving your re
ere by an age since the great flood But it was famed with more than with one man? When could they say till now that talk'd of Rome That her wide walls encompass'd but one man? Now 
ow hast thou purchased this experience? MOTH. By my penny of observation. ARMADO. But O- but O- MOTH. The hobby-horse is forgot. ARMADO. Call'st thou my love 'ho
ster-pipes for your sake! [Trumpet within.] The Moor! I know his trumpet. CASSIO. 'Tis truly so. DESDEMONA. Let's meet him and receive him. CASSIO. Lo, where he comes! 
 any case it does not seem to be a nice household for a young lady." "But the money, Mr. Holmes, the money!" "Well, yes, of course the pay is good--too good. That is what makes me uneasy. Why
ss, let him go. And so adieu, sweet Jude! Nay, why dost thou stay? DUMAIN. For the latter end of his name. BEROWNE. For the ass to the Jude; give it him- Jud-as, away. HOLOFERNE
 way. Fare you well. Heard you of nothing strange about the streets? FIRST SOLDIER. Nothing. What news? SECOND SOLDIER. Belike 'tis but a rumour. Good night to yo
letter I caus'd you write yet sent away? PATIENCE. No, madam. [Giving it to KATHARINE] KATHARINE. Sir, I most humbly pray you to deliver This to my lord the King. CA
r Hotspur solus, reading a letter. Hot. 'But, for mine own part, my lord, I could be well contented to be there, in respect of the love I bear your house.' He could be contented- wh
ilitary man. Clearly an army doctor, then. He has just come from the tropics, for his face is dark, and that is not the natural tint of his skin, for his wrists are fair. He has undergone h
owever, vaguely uneasy, and Mrs. Straker, waking at one in the morning, found that he was dressing. In reply to her inquiries, he said that he could not sleep on account 
wheeler drove up we waited for him to step out, but he never did, and when the cabman got down from the box and looked there was no one there! The cabman said 
l about it this evening; and I will presently pen down my dilemmas, encourage myself in my certainty, put myself into my mortal preparation; an
 aptly is put on. Refrain to-night, And that shall lend a kind of easiness To the next abstinence; the next more easy; For use almost can change the stamp of nature, And either [master] the d
ch could account for my companion's evident excitement. "There were one or two questions--" "Oh, I am weary of questions!" cried Miss Cushing
stly. Rest you merry! Rom. Stay, fellow; I can read. He reads. 'Signior Martino and his wife and daughters; County Anselmo and his beauteous sisters; The lady widow of
praise me, and call me pander, and bread-chipper, and I know not what! FALSTAFF. No abuse, Hal. POINS. No abuse
t part of the world I should be greeted, if not from Lord Hamlet. Enter Sailors. Sailor. God bless you, sir. Hor. Let him bless thee too. Sailor. 'A shall, sir
well, and wants nothing i' th' world; but yet she is not well. HELENA. If she be very well, what does she ail that she's not very well? CLOWN. Truly, she's very well indeed, but for t
f hurt minds, great nature's second course, Chief nourisher in life's feast- LADY MACBETH. What do you mean? MACBETH. Still it cried, "Sleep no more!" to all the house; "Glamis 
 thought That I, in forgery of shapes and tricks, Come short of what he did. Laer. A Norman was't? King. A Norman. Laer. Upon my life, Lamound. King. The very same. Laer. I know him 
unhappy sons of old Andronicus, Brought hither in a most unlucky hour, To find thy brother Bassianus dead. SATURNINUS. My brother dead! I know thou dost b
man; and touching the Duke of York, I will take my death I never meant him any ill, nor the King, nor the Queen; and therefore, Peter, hav
ed man who came in the night? I don't quite understand how you can be so sure." "His voice, sir. I knew his voice, which is kind o' thick and foggy. He tapped at th
e; Desires you to attach his son, who has- His dignity and duty both cast off- Fled from his father, from his hopes, and with A shepherd's daughter. LEONTES. Where's Bohemia? 
ALBOT. Signior, hang! Base muleteers of France! Like peasant foot-boys do they keep the walls, And dare not take up arms like gentlemen. PUCELLE. Away, captains! Let's get us from the walls; For Ta
a well-known house in the trade, and have been this twenty years. How many had I? Three--two and one are three--two of Dr. Barnicot's and o
 'The care on thee depending Hath fed upon the body of my father; Therefore thou best of gold art worst of gold. Other, less fine in carat, is more precious, Preserving life in med'
 if it prove, Tempests are kind, and salt waves fresh in love! Exit SIR TOBY. A very dishonest paltry boy, and more a coward than a hare. His dishonesty appears in leaving h
o have you gone, For why, the fools are mad if left alone. Take no repulse, whatever she doth say; For 'Get you gone' she doth not mean 'Away!' 
EN. Fidele, sir. LUCIUS. Thou dost approve thyself the very same; Thy name well fits thy faith, thy faith thy name. Wilt take thy chance with me? I will not say Thou shalt be so well master'd
 reverent admiration with which the botanist surveys the rare and precious bloom. "Remarkable!" he said, when the story was unfolded, "most remarkable! I can ha
 that victorious stock; and let us fear The native mightiness and fate of him. Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. Ambassadors from Harry King of England Do crave admittance to your Majesty. FRENCH KING. We
im. Good then; if his face be the worst thing about him, how could Master Froth do the constable's wife any harm? I would know that of your honour. ESCALUS. He's in the right, constable; what say y
 in your chamber and not know who left it there! This is some minx's token, and I must take out the work? There, give it your hobbyhorse. Wheresoever you had it, I'll take out no work on't. C
ou to return to your practice." It was hardly an appeal to be successful with one who was an old campaigner as well as an old friend. We sat in the Strasbourg salle-à-manger ar
durst not- look you, sir- show themselves, as we term it, his friends, whilst he's in directitude. FIRST SERVANT. Directitude? What's that? TH
durst not- look you, sir- show themselves, as we term it, his friends, whilst he's in directitude. FIRST SERVANT. Directitude? What's that? THIRD SERVANT. But when they shall see, sir, his
tis'd the amorous Troyan, And am her knight by proof. SERVANT. I go, my lord. Exit Enter AGAMEMNON AGAMEMNON. Renew, renew!
OR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE: Scotland and England ACT I. SCENE I. A desert place. Thunder and lightning. Enter three Witches. FIRST WITCH. When shall we three meet again? In thunder, lightning, or in ra
ve a present alms; If not, elsewhere they meet with charity; But I, who never knew how to entreat, Nor never needed that I should entreat, A
, and see the truth hereof; For our first merriment hath made thee jealous. Exeunt all but HORTENSIO HORTENSIO. Well, Petruchio, this has put me in heart. Have to my widow; and if she be frowar
ll'd love? Nurse. O, she says nothing, sir, but weeps and weeps; And now falls on her bed, and then starts up, And Tybalt calls; and then on Romeo c
ill'd him, he is banished. Jul. O God! Did Romeo's hand shed Tybalt's blood? Nurse. It did, it did! alas the day, it did! Jul. O serpent heart, hid with a flow'ring face! Did ever dragon keep so
. Here's a sight for thee; look thee, a bearing-cloth for a squire's child! Look thee here; take up, take up, boy; open't. So, let's see- it was told 
QUEEN KATHARINE. Ye turn me into nothing. Woe upon ye, And all such false professors! Would you have me- If you have any justice, any pity, If ye be any thing but churchmen's habits- Put my 
 they should do theirs, to ask for my kinsman Toby- SIR TOBY. Bolts and shackles! FABIAN. O, peace, peace, p
t I'll make death love me; for I will contend Even with his pestilent scythe. Exeunt all but ENOBARBUS ENOBARBUS. Now he'll outstare the lightning. To be 
 into the water will do him a benefit. MRS. PAGE. Hang him, dishonest rascal! I would all of the same strain were in the same distress. MRS. FORD. I think my husband hath some special suspici
 CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE I. Britain. The Roman camp Enter POSTHUMUS alone, with a bloody handkerchief POSTHUMUS. Yea, bloody cloth, I'll keep 
not wear a great round beard, like a glover's paring-knife? SIMPLE. No, forsooth; he hath but a little whey face, with a little yellow beard, a Cain-colour'd beard. QUICKLY. A softly-sprigh
icle is a large writing-table with a fixed bureau. This bureau consists of a double column of drawers with a central small cupboard between them. The drawers were open, the c
ng creature. As long as the criminal remains upon two legs so long must there be some indentation, some abrasion, some trifling displacement which can be detected by the scientific searcher. It is in
's blood be spotted. Exit. Enter Lodovico and Gratiano. CASSIO. What, ho! No watch? No passage? Murther! Murther! GRATIANO. 'Tis some mischance; 
gh for you to do. Publius, come hither, Caius, and Valentine. Enter PUBLIUS, CAIUS, and VALENTINE PUBLIUS. What is your will? TITUS. Know you these two? PUBLIUS. The Empress' sons, I take th
er, and, as they were gazing after me, it was clear that it was our interview that was the subject of their debate. "I wish none of their confidences," said Holmes, w
w, undo the hasp, put your lamp there as a signal to us, and then withdraw quietly with everything which you are likely to want into the room which you
I'll go with thee. Provide us all things necessary and meet me to-night in Eastcheap. There I'll sup. Farewell. Poins. Farewell, my lord. Exit. Prince. I know you all, 
but I have hold of one idea which may lead us far. The man met his death elsewhere, and his body was on the roof of a carriage." "On the roof!" "Remar
tly I'll give her father notice Of their disguising and pretended flight, Who, all enrag'd, will banish Valentine, For Thurio, he intends, shall wed his daughter; But, Valentine being gone, I'l
n. This child's disposition is abnormally cruel, merely for cruelty's sake, and whether he derives this from his smiling father, as I should suspect, or from his mother, it bodes evil for t
rs in these flattering streams, And make our faces vizards to our hearts, Disguising what they are. LADY MACBETH. You must leave this. MACBETH. O, full of scorpions is my mind, dear wife! Tho
cold again. CASSIUS. Hath Cassius lived To be but mirth and laughter to his Brutus, When grief and blood ill-temper'd vexeth him? BRUTUS. When I spoke that, I was ill-tempe
 a sin, Thus purifies itself and turns to grace. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. We have receiv'd your letters, full of love; Your favours, the ambassadors of love; And, i
erman, music, and drawing--' "'Tut, tut!' he cried. 'This is all quite beside the question. The point is, have you or have you not the bearing and deportment of a lady? Th
rs on their own account, and persecutors of the most terrible description. Not the Inquisition of Seville, nor the German Vehmgericht, nor the Secret Societies of Italy, were ever ab
FIRST SOLDIER. See, they have shut him in. ALL. To th' pot, I warrant him. [Alarum continues] Re-enter TITUS LARTIUS LARTIUS. What is become of Marcius? ALL. Slai
D BARDOLPH SIR JOHN COLVILLE TRAVERS and MORTON, retainers of Northumberland Opposites against King Henry IV EARL OF WARWICK EARL OF WESTMORELAND EARL OF SURREY EARL OF
TESS. Return you thither? SECOND GENTLEMAN. Ay, madam, with the swiftest wing of speed. HELENA. [Reads] 'Till I have no wife, I have nothing in France.' 'Tis bitter.
d-bye to any chance of getting these fields and carrying out our plans. That is why I have made you promise me that you will not tell a human being that you are 
And the dire death of my poor sons and brothers? Tell me, thou villain slave, where are my children? DUCHESS. Thou toad, thou toad, where is thy br
' th' forest. Send me a cool rut-time, Jove, or who can blame me to piss my tallow? Who comes here? my doe? Enter MISTRESS FORD and MISTRESS PAGE MRS. FORD. Sir John! Art thou
sic. Rey. Well, my lord. Pol. Farewell! Exit Reynaldo. Enter Ophelia. How now, Ophelia? What's the matter? Oph. O my lord, my lord, I have been so aff
isguises; as to be a Dutchman to-day, a Frenchman to-morrow; or in the shape of two countries at once, as a German from the waist downward, all slops, and a Spaniard from the hip upward, no dou
ge e'er of freedom. Here's my hand. MIRANDA. And mine, with my heart in't. And now farewell Till half an hour hence. FERDINAND. A thousand thousand! Exeunt FERDINAND and MIRANDA several
or in worth! Now shall we see to-morrow- An act that very chance doth throw upon him- Ajax renown'd. O heavens, what some men do, While some men leave to do
price of pork. LORENZO. I shall answer that better to the commonwealth than you can the getting up of the negro's belly; the Moor is with child by you, Launcelot. LAUNCELOT. It is much that the Moor 
e] Wit would be out of fashion. AJAX. 'A should not bear it so, 'a should eat's words first. Shall pride carry it? NESTOR. [Aside] An 'twould, you'd carry half. ULYSSES. [Aside] 'A wo
ents of no less account. Fain would mine eyes be witness with mine ears To give their censure of these rare reports. Enter MESSENGER and TALBOT. MESSENGER. Madam
e wonder in this handkerchief; I am most unhappy in the loss of it. EMILIA. 'Tis not a year or two shows us a man. They are all but stomachs and we all but foo
ut bloody succeeding. My master! LAFEU. Are you companion to the Count Rousillon? PAROLLES. To any count; to all counts; to what is man. LAFEU. To what is coun
our succession in Denmark? Ham. Ay, sir, but 'while the grass grows'- the proverb is something musty. Enter the Players with recorders. O, the recorders! Let me s
aring manner was all gone too, and he cringed along at my companion's side like a dog with its master. "Your instructions will be done. It shall all be done," said he. "There must be no mist
ching down in the dark waiting for me. In an instant I was stunned with a blow and bound hand and foot. But the real blow was to my heart and not to my head, for as I came to and li
 I am your lordship's. Exeunt ACT I. SCENE 4. London. The Presence Chamber in York Place Hautboys. A small table under a state for the Cardinal, a longer table for the guests. The
yed there in the afternoon. The evidence of those who had played with him--Mr. Murray, Sir John Hardy, and Colonel Moran--showed that the game was whist, and that there was a
n't see how that is to be managed, unless you break in the door. I always hear him unlock it as I go down the stair after I leave the tray." "He has to take the tray in. Surely w
ong have frown'd upon their emnity! What traitor hears me, and says not Amen? England hath long been mad, and scarr'd herself; The brother blindly shed the brother's
ld somebody had heard her talk yesterday, as I did. I will not dispraise your sister Cassandra's wit; but- TROILUS. O Pandarus! I tell thee, Pandarus- When I do tell thee there my 
wn flesh so far afoot again for all the coin in thy father's exchequer. What a plague mean ye to colt me thus? Prince. Thou liest; thou art not colted, thou art uncolted. Fal. I prithee, good 
 malice and his potency Together; to consider further, that What his high hatred would effect wants not A minister in his power. You know his nature, That he's revengeful; and I know his sword
 hour on end, with knitted brows and an abstracted air, but he swept the matter away with a wave of his hand when I mentioned it. "Data! data! data!" he cried
nd I Will stand the hazard of the die. I think there be six Richmonds in the field; Five have I slain to-day instead of him. A horse! a horse! my kingdom for a horse! Exeunt SCENE 5
thee upon my manly shoulders; But then Aeneas bare a living load, Nothing so heavy as these woes of mine. Exit with the body Enter RICHARD and SOMERSET to fight. SOMERSET is killed RICHARD. So, lie t
us upon no trail, never trust me when I open again. PAGE. Let's obey his humour a little further. Come, gentlemen. Exeunt all but MRS. FORD and MRS. PAGE MRS. PAGE. Trust me, he b
ld I stay longer, It would be my disgrace and your discomfort. I take my leave at once. Exit. LADY MACDUFF. Sirrah, your father's dead. And what will you do now? How will you live
ore you open it. ANNE. This is strange to me. OLD LADY. How tastes it? Is it bitter? Forty pence, no. There was a lady once-'tis an old story- That would not be a queen, that would she not, For a
 present, Now while I speak this, holds his wife by th' arm That little thinks she has been sluic'd in's absence, And his pond fish'd by his next neighbour, by Sir Smile, his neighbour. Nay, there
nham, but the man was gone, so I thought no more about it. But you can imagine how surprised I was, Mr. Holmes, when on my return on the Monday I saw the same man on the same stretch of road. 
"Listen, Holmes!" There was a sound as if he was shaking the dying man, and it was all that I could do to hold myself quiet in my hiding-place. "You must hear me. You shall hear me. Do you r
 Ghost of Caesar. How ill this taper burns! Ha, who comes here? I think it is the weakness of mine eyes That shapes this monstrous apparition. It comes upon me. Art thou anything? Art thou some g
 CRESSIDA. Is he so young a man and so old a lifter? PANDARUS. But to prove to you that Helen loves him: she came and puts me her white hand to his cloven chin- CRESSIDA. Juno ha
ING HENRY. I am a gentleman of a company. PISTOL. Trail'st thou the puissant pike? KING HENRY. Even so.
KATHERINA. No cock of mine: you crow too like a craven. PETRUCHIO. Nay, come, Kate, come; you must not look so sour. KATHERINA. It is my fashion, when I see a crab. PETRUCHI
LOUCESTER. Lord Bishop, set the crown upon his head. WINCHESTER. God save King Henry, of that name the Sixth! GLOUCESTER. Now, Governor of Paris, take your oath [GOVERNOR k
LOUCESTER. Yes, as an outlaw in a castle keeps, And useth it to patronage his theft. WINCHESTER. Unreverent Gloucester! GLOUCESTER. Thou art reverend Touching thy spiritual function, not thy li
VALENTINE. By seven o'clock I'll get you such a ladder. DUKE. But, hark thee; I will go to her alone; How shall I best convey the ladder thither? VALENTINE. It will b
ell me who told you so? Bene. No, you shall pardon me. Beat. Nor will you not tell me who you are? Bene. Not now. Beat. That I was disdainful, and that I had my good wit out of
er is alive?" "Oh, yes, mother is alive and well. I wasn't best pleased, Mr. Holmes, when she married again so soon af
et, like a rabbit on a spit, or your hands in your pocket, like a man after the old painting; and ke
repeat them; or the fifth, if I. HOLOFERNES. I will repeat them: a, e, I- MOTH. The sheep; the other two concludes it: o, U. ARMADO. Now, by th
r CORIOLANUS, AUFIDIUS, and others CORIOLANUS. We will before the walls of Rome to-morrow Set down our host. My partne
. Somerset, Somerset, for Lancaster! [He and his forces enter the city] GLOUCESTER. Two of thy name, both Dukes of Somerset, Have sold th
"The goose, Mr. Holmes! The goose, sir!" he gasped. "Eh? What of it, then? Has it returned to life and flapped off through the kitchen window?" Holmes twisted himself round upon th
f? FALSTAFF. A good shallow young fellow. 'A would have made a good pantler; 'a would ha' chipp'd bread well. DOLL. They say Poins has a good wit. FALSTAFF. He
er GLOUCESTER BISHOP OF ELY. In happy time, here comes the Duke himself. GLOUCESTER. My noble lords and cousins an, good morrow. I have been long a s
om Mortimer, Forbade my tongue to speak of Mortimer, But I will find him when he lies asleep, And in his ear I'll holloa 'Mortimer.' Nay; I'll have a starling shall be taught to speak 
es. ANTONIO. Or, as 'twere perfum'd by a fen. GONZALO. Here is everything advantageous to life. ANTONIO. True; save means to live. SEBASTI
els as an egg is full of meat; and yet thy head hath been beaten as addle as an egg for quarrelling. Thou h
per was ready upon the table, and when his needs were satisfied and his pipe alight he was ready to take 
not wonder at it; you are made Rather to wonder at the things you hear Than to work any. Will you rhyme upon't, And vent it for a mock'ry? Here is one: 'Two boys, an old man (twice a boy), a lan
der? CLAUDIO. No. LUCIO. Lechery? CLAUDIO. Call it so. PROVOST. Away, sir; you must go. CLAUDIO. One word, good friend. Lucio, a w
ARD. Take that, the likeness of this railer here. [Stabs him] GLOUCESTER. Sprawl'st thou? Take that,
d. "I am saved! I am saved!" The reaction of joy was as passionate as his grief had been, and he hugged his recovered gems to his bosom. "There is one other thing you owe, Mr. Holder," said Sher
ville has been very closely shadowed by someone since he has been in town. How else could it be known so quickly that it was the Northumberland Hot
 your knowledge be more, it is much dark'ned in your malice. LUCIO. Sir, I know him, and I love him. DUKE. Love talks with better knowledge, and kno
t. As Armitage it was that I entered a London banking-house, and as Armitage I was convicted of breaking my 
knew how I have acted--how I have been compelled to act--he would never forgive me. For his own honour stands so high that he could not forget or pardon a lapse in another. Help me, Mr. Holmes! 
hat is formidable: not only formidable, Watson, but sinister--in the highest degree sinister. That is where he comes withi
ecians? TROILUS. No remedy. CRESSIDA. A woeful Cressid 'mongst the merry Greeks! When shall we see again? TROILUS. Hear me, my love. Be thou but true of heart- CRESSIDA. I true! ho
HIO. How but well, sir? how but well? It were impossible I should speed amiss. BAPTISTA. Why, how now, daughter Katherine, in your dumps? 
o.] Enter Sheriff and the Carrier. Now, Master Sheriff, what is your will with me? Sher. First, pardon me, my lord. A hue and cry Hath followed certain men un
 Would, Polydore, thou hadst not done't! though valour Becomes thee well enough. ARVIRAGUS. Would I had done't, So the revenge alone pursu'd me! Polydore, I love thee brotherly
nd mine, my lord. BOTH VARRO'S SERVANTS. And ours, my lord. PHILOTUS. All our bills. TIMON. Knock me down with 'em; cleav
bout me. OTHELLO. Not? DESDEMONA. No, faith, my lord. OTHELLO. That's a fault. That handkerchief Did an Egyptian to my mother give; She was a charmer, and could almost read The thoughts of p
rid scar which had seamed it across, and the twisted lip which had given the repulsive sneer to the face! A twitch brought a
l forward upon the table, coughing furiously and clawing among the papers. Then he staggered to his feet, received another shot, and rolled upon the floor. "You've
the jacks fair within, the jills fair without, the carpets laid, and everything in order? CURTIS. All ready; and therefore, I
ge that nourisheth. TRANIO. But youth in ladies' eyes that flourisheth. BAPTISTA. Content you, gentlemen; I will compound this strife
hee, there thy mother stands; For well I wot thou hast thy mother's tongue. QUEEN MARGARET. But thou art neither like thy sire nor dam; B
e you, you would not object to our little whim. Heh?' "'No,' said I, considerably astonished at his words. "'Or to sit here, or sit there, that would not be offensive to you?' "'Oh,
ot for anything in the drawers. If there had been anything worth her taking it would surely have been locked up. No; it was for something in that woo
ding grace. Ere twice the horses of the sun shall bring Their fiery torcher his diurnal ring, Ere twice in murk and occidental damp Moist Hesperus hath quench'd his sleepy lam
I was born. FALSTAFF. I do believe the swearer. What with me? QUICKLY. Shall I vouchsafe your worship a word or two? FALSTAFF. Two thousand
Mr. Holmes, because I recognized that I am myself an unpractical man and because I am suddenly confronted with a most serious and extraordinary problem. Recognizing, a
Then have I substance too. TALBOT. No, no, I am but shadow of myself. You are deceiv'd, my substance is not here; For what you see is but the smallest part And least proportion of humani
ity. She is too fair, too wise, wisely too fair, To merit bliss by making me despair. She hath forsworn to love, and in that vow Do I live dead that l
ays Ulysses? ULYSSES. I have a young conception in my brain; Be you my time to bring it to some shape. NESTOR. What is't? ULYSSES. This 'tis: Blunt wedges rive hard knots.
en thousand- MACBETH. Geese, villain? SERVANT. Soldiers, sir. MACBETH. Go prick thy face and over-red thy 
rsistence of Mr. Fowler." "That was it, sir." "But Mr. Fowler being a persevering man, as a good seaman should be, b
olonius? Ham. At supper. King. At supper? Where? Ham. Not where he eats, but where he is eaten. A certain convocation of politic worms a
of insanie: ne intelligis, domine? to make frantic, lunatic. NATHANIEL. Laus Deo, bone intelligo. HOLOFERNES. 'Bone'?- 'bone' f
RD. How deep? PAROLLES. Thirty fathom. SECOND LORD. Three great oaths would scarce make that be believed. PAROLLES. I would I had any drum of the enemy's; I would swear I recover'd it. 
n, and wonder. AGRIPPA. Both he loves. ENOBARBUS. They are his shards, and he their beetle. [Trumpets within] So- This is to horse. Adieu, noble Agrippa. AGRIPPA. Good fortune, worthy 
r hand is out. COSTARD. Indeed, 'a must shoot nearer, or he'll ne'er hit the clout. BOYET. An if my hand be out, then belike your hand is in. COSTARD. Then will she get th
CINIUS. Peace! MENENIUS. Do not cry havoc, where you should but hunt With modest warrant. SICINIUS. Sir, how comes't that you Have holp to make this rescue? MENENIUS. Hear me sp
too, is't not? Why, this is brave now. Who said he came hurt home to-day? He's not hurt. Why, this will do Helen's heart good now, ha! Would I cou
 and Oakington have each been explored and have each proved disappointing. The daily appearance of a bro
lcome, my lord; welcome, dread Queen; Welcome, ye warlike Goths; welcome, Lucius; And welcome all. Although the cheer be poor, 'Twill fill y
 can discuss it in the morning.' "Suddenly, as she spoke, I saw her white face grow whiter yet in the moo
ng. Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, That I shall say good night till it be morrow. [Exit.] Rom. Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast! 
hind] What, ho! help, help, help! Ham. [draws] How now? a rat? Dead for a ducat, dead! [Makes a pass through the arras and] kills Polonius. Pol. [behind] O, I am slain! Queen. O me, what hast
" "Do you think that this man Horner is innocent?" "I cannot tell." "Well, then, do you imagine that this other on
actices to light? SUFFOLK. Most Strangely. SURREY. O, how, how? SUFFOLK. The Cardinal's letters to the Pope miscarried, And came to th' eye o'
 kind o' surprise upon her face. Ay, the white lamb, she might well be surprised when she read death on a face that had seldom looked anything but love upon her before. "'But it wa
ss as much depends upon our being able to find remunerative investments for our funds as upon our increasing our connection and the number of our depositors. One 
h me? BARDOLPH. My captain, sir, commends him to you; my captain, Sir John Falstaff- a tall gentleman, by heaven, and a most gallant leader. SHA
ll us exactly what you would like done. Perhaps you would prefer that Joseph came with us so as to look after me?"
ICKLY. Good master, be content. CAIUS. Wherefore shall I be content-a? QUICKLY. The young man is an honest
 virginity. Loss of virginity is rational increase; and there was never virgin got till virginity was first lost. That you we
y. Gon. I have been worth the whistle. Alb. O Goneril, You are not worth the dust which the rude wind Blows in your face! I fear yo
enough to tell me all about it." "All about it" proved to be disappointingly little, and yet there was enough to assu
m or rash gunpowder. CLARENCE. I shall observe him with all care and love. KING. Why art thou not at Windsor with him, Thomas? CLARENCE. He is not there to-day; he dines in London. KING. 
ll he be past. Enter KING HENRY, disguised, with a prayer-book KING HENRY. From Scotland am I stol'n, even of pure love, To greet mine own land with my wishful sight. No, Harry, Harr
red with a groan, 'O farewell, Warwick!' WARWICK. Sweet rest his soul! Fly, lords, and save yourselves: For Warwick bids you all farewell, to meet in heaven. [Dies] OXFORD. Away, away, to m
ke the truth totally. GONZALO. But the rarity of it is, which is indeed almost beyond credit- SEBASTIAN. As many vouch'd rarities are. GONZALO. That our garments, being, as they wer
But, mother, I am not Sir Robert's son: I have disclaim'd Sir Robert and my land; Legitimation, name, an
nothing? Fal. I would your Grace would take me with you. Whom means your Grace? Prince. That villanous abominable misleader of youth, 
 the young Lord Paris? SERVANT. Ay, sir, when he goes before me. PANDARUS. You depend upon him, I mean? SERVANT. Sir, I do depend 
 this hotel." "It shall be found, sir--I promise you that if you will have a little patience it will be found." "Mind it is, for it's the last thing of mine that I'll lose in this den of thieves. Wel
. Their eyes, villain, their eyes. MOTH. That ever turn'd their eyes to mortal views! Out- BOYET. True; out indee
 stiff-borne action. What hath then befall'n, Or what hath this bold enterprise brought forth More than that being which was like to be? LORD BARDOLPH. We all tha
es and the worse for my friends. DUKE. Just the contrary: the better for thy friends. CLOWN. No, sir, the worse. DUKE. How can that be? CLOWN. Marry, sir
en to come hither. Exit COUNTESS. Well, now. STEWARD. I know, madam, you love your gentlewoman entirely. COUNTESS. Faith I do. Her father bequ
w him not. Enter PISTOL FLUELLEN. Here is the man. PISTOL. Captain, I thee beseech to do me favours. The Duke of Exeter doth love thee well. FLUELLEN. Ay, I prai
Did you ever mention to any one that it was your intention to give any one the treaty to be copied?" "Never." "You are certain of that
ING HENRY, leaning on the CARDINAL'S shoulder, the NOBLES, and SIR THOMAS LOVELL, with others. The CARDINAL places himself under the KING'S feet on his right side KING. My life itself, an
f. Osr. I mean, sir, for his weapon; but in the imputation laid on him by them, in his meed he's unfellowed. Ham. What's his weapon? Osr. Rapier and dagger. Ham. That's two of hi
BOT. Hear, hear how dying Salisbury doth groan. It irks his heart he cannot be reveng'd. Frenchmen, I'll be a Salisbury to you. Pucell
s. JULIA. Well, let us go. LUCETTA. What, shall these papers lie like tell-tales here? JULIA. If you respect them, best to take them up. LUCETTA. Nay, I was taken up for laying them down; Yet here t
you would expect that some prompting from outside would be needed to make so young a lad do such a thing. If he has had no visitors, that prompting 
he night, you must call to the nurse and bid her still it. 2. Watch. How if the nurse be asleep and will not hea
 and trouble; Fire burn and cauldron bubble. SECOND WITCH. Fillet of a fenny snake, In the cauldron boil and bake; Eye of newt and toe of frog, Wool 
 been call'd so of many; not that our heads are some brown, some black, some abram, some bald, but that our wits are so diversely colour'd; and truly I think if all our wits
ght For a dark hour or twain. MACBETH. Fail not our feast. BANQUO. My lord, I will not. MACBETH. We hear our bloody cousins are bestow'd In 
s would well comfort Cassius. MESSALA. Where did you leave him? TITINIUS. All disconsolate, With Pindarus his bondman, on this hill. MESSALA. Is not that he that lies upon the ground? TITI
h blood, fiery and passionate. She had been terribly excited immediately after his disappearance. She had flung into the lake a bag containing some curious contents. These w
MADO. Call'st thou my love 'hobby-horse'? MOTH. No, master; the hobby-horse is but a colt, and your love perhaps a hackney. But have you forgot your love? ARMADO. Almost I had. MOTH. Negligent studen
ers take up the coffin] Enter GLOUCESTER GLOUCESTER. Stay, you that bear the corse, and set it down. ANNE. What black magician conjures up this fiend To stop devoted cha
n releasing the lady the cord had been slipped off her, but the knots with which it had been secured still remained. These details only struck our attention afterwards, for our thoughts were entire
n have been captivate ere now. SUFFOLK. Lady, wherefore talk you so? MARGARET. I cry you mercy, 'tis but quid for quo. SUFFOLK. Say, gentle Princess, would yo
"Irene Norton, née Adler." "What a woman--oh, what a woman!" cried the King of Bohemia, when we had all three read this epistle.
the heart's all. Exit SHALLOW. Be merry, Master Bardolph; and, my little soldier there, be merry. SILENCE. [Singing] Be merry, be merry, my wife has all; For women are s
ony to the Senate House, And he shall say you are not well today. Let me, upon my knee, prevail in this. CAESAR. Mark Antony shall say I am not well, An
ait for no man's leisure; sleep when I am drowsy, and tend on no man's business; laugh when I am merry, and claw no man in his humour. Con. Yea, but you must not make the full show of this till y
er of his dominions AMIENS, lord attending on the banished Duke JAQUES, " " " " " " LE BEAU, a courtier attending upon Frederick CHARLES, wrestler to Frederick OLIVER, son of Sir Rowland de Bo
rue it: 'Hic ibat Simois' I know you not- 'hic est Sigeia tellus' I trust you not- 'Hic steterat Pria
hen Roscius was an actor in Rome- Pol. The actors are come hither, my lord. Ham. Buzz, buzz! Pol. Upon my honour- Ham. Then came each actor on his ass- Pol. The best actor
beggar then forget himself? FIRST HUNTSMAN. Believe me, lord, I think he cannot choose. SECOND HUNTSMAN. It would seem strange unto him when
ry essential to me that the money should be paid at once.' "'I should be happy to advance it without further parley from my own private purse,' said I, 'were it not t
hese nothings, If this be nothing. CAMILLO. Good my lord, be cur'd Of this diseas'd opinion, and betimes; For 'tis most dangerous. LEONTES. Say it be, 'tis true. CAMILLO. No, n
e conscious everywhere of the homes and the work of the prehistoric people. On all sides of you as you walk are the houses of these forgotten folk, with their graves and the 
Slight, I could so beat the rogue- SIR TOBY. Peace, I say. MALVOLIO. To be Count Malvolio! SIR TOBY. Ah, rogue! AGUECHEEK. P
ny on hand just now?" I asked with interest. "Some ten or twelve, but none which present any feature of interest. They are important, you understand, wit
 cannoneer without, The cannons to the heavens, the heaven to earth, 'Now the King drinks to Hamlet.' Come, begin. And you the judges, bear a wary eye. Ham. Come
re. There the men are as mad as he. Ham. How came he mad? Clown. Very strangely, they say. Ham. How strangely? Clown. Faith, e'en with losing his wits. Ham. U
gnized in an instant that the thief must have come up the stairs from the side door. Of course I must have met him if he h
 troops, And give them leave to fly that will not stay, And call them pillars that will stand to us; And if we thrive, promise them such rewards As victors wear at the Olympian games. 
VANS. Peace, I pray you. Now let us understand. There is three umpires in this matter, as I understand: that is, Master Page, fidelicet Master
t?" "About sending you. It's an ugly business, Watson, an ugly dangerous business, and the more I see of it 
oles, Lions with toils, and men with flatterers; But when I tell him he hates flatterers, He says he does, being then most flattered. Let me work; For I can give his
 that I do know your tongue. LORENZO. Lorenzo, and thy love. JESSICA. Lorenzo, certain; and my love indeed; Fo
me, lead; your King's name be obey'd; And what God will, that let your King perform; And what he will, I humbly yield unto. Exeunt <<
now the man. What is the sum he owes? OFFICER. Two hundred ducats. ADRIANA. Say, how grows it due? OFFICER. Due for a ch
 he'll die; and, rising so again, When I shall meet him in the court of heaven I shall not know him. Therefore never, never Must I behold
 wash'd and scour'd. SPEED. 'Item: She can spin.' LAUNCE. Then may I set the world on wheels, when she can spin for her living. SPE
ill I, Fridays and Saturdays, and all. ORLANDO. And wilt thou have me? ROSALIND. Ay, and twenty such. ORLANDO. What sayest thou? ROSALIND
re is dat knave, Rugby? QUICKLY. What, John Rugby? John! RUGBY. Here, sir. CAIUS. You are John Rugby, and you are Jack Rugby. Come
titions. Some trumpet summon hither to the walls These men of Angiers; let us hear them speak Whose title they admit, Arthur's or John's. Trumpet sounds. Enter citizens upon the walls CITIZEN.
lie in view, but have not spoke as yet. LARTIUS. So, the good horse is mine. MARCIUS. I'll buy him of you. LARTIUS. No, I'll nor sell nor give him; lend you him I will For half a hundred years. Sum
lo? CAMILLO. Even he, my lord. PERDITA. How often have I told you 'twould be thus! How often said my dignity would la
 Well, I will do it, sir; fare you well. BEROWNE. Thou knowest not what it is. COSTARD. I shall know, sir, when I have done it. BEROWNE. Why, villain, thou must know first. COSTARD.
ans. They were Americans, all right. But they were not miners. I don't know what they were, and was very glad to see their backs." "That was six years ago?" "Nearer seven." "An
n his tent LORDS. Good morrow, Richmond! RICHMOND. Cry mercy, lords and watchful gentlemen, That you have ta'en a tardy sluggard here. LORDS. How have you slept, my lord? RICHMOND. The swee
 what?" "About sending you. It's an ugly business, Watson, an ugly dangerous business, and the more I see of it the less I like it. Yes, my dear fellow, you may laugh, but I give you my word that I s
 He approaches; you shall hear him. Enter CORIOLANUS, marching with drum and colours; the commoners being with him CORIOLANUS. Hail, lords! I am return'd your soldier; No more infected with my cou
and usurper of his dominions AMIENS, lord attending on the banished Duke JAQUES, " " " " " " LE BEAU, a courtier attending upon Frederick CHARLES, wrestler to Frederick OLIVER, son of Sir 
CELOT. It is much that the Moor should be more than reason; but if she be less than an honest woman, she is indeed more than I took her for. LORENZO. 
is death? No one could have climbed up to the window without leaving traces. Suppose a man had fired through the window, it would indeed be a remarkable shot who could with a revolver
with your tale.-Prithee stand further off. CALIBAN. Beat him enough; after a little time, I'll beat him too. STEPHANO. Stand farther. Come, proceed. CALIBAN. Why, a
f war Thus will I drown your exclamations. DUCHESS. Art thou my son? KING RICHARD. Ay, I thank God, my father, and yourself. DUCHESS. Then patie
em. No, my dear Watson, the two events are connected--must be connected. It is for us to find the connection." "But now the official police
unique things are very often connected not with the larger but with the smaller crimes, and occasionally, indeed, where there is room for doubt whether any positive
 A fair name. Wast born i' th' forest here? WILLIAM. Ay, sir, I thank God. TOUCHSTONE. 'Thank God.' A good answer. Art rich? WILLIAM. Faith,
 him injury to scorn his corse. KING EDWARD. Who knows not he is dead! Who knows he is? QUEEN ELIZABETH. All-seeing heaven, what a world is this! BUCKING
th fry. Skipper, stand back; 'tis age that nourisheth. TRANIO. But youth in ladies' eyes that flourisheth. BAPTI
ing enemies, Whose deaths are yet unreveng'd. I prithee Rend me thy sword. Fal. O Hal, I prithee give me leave to breathe awhile. Turk Gregory never did such deeds in arms as I have done this d
a deed in fashion. Hark thee, Clitus. Whispers. CLITUS. What, I, my lord? No, not for all the world. BRUTUS. Peace then, no words. CLITUS. I'll rather kill myself. BRUTUS.
ST MURDERER. We are, my lord, and come to have the warrant, That we may be admitted where he is. GLOUCESTER. Well thought upon; I have it here about me. [Gives the warran
as then that these cigars were smoked. The older man sat in that wicker chair; it was he who used the cigar-holder. The younger man sat over yo
 save our heads by raising of a head; For, bear ourselves as even as we can, The King will always think him in our debt, And think we think ourselves un
ected to the full. Here, Hume, take this reward; make merry, man, With thy confederates in this weighty cause. Exit HUME. Hume must make merry with the Duchess' gold; Marry, and shall. Bu
 justice as at land. No; Publius and Sempronius, you must do it; 'Tis you must dig with mattock and with spade, And pierce the inmost centre of the earth; Then, when you come to Pluto's r
n the company more thought of; but when on shore, what with the women and what with liquor shops--" "Here is your ring, Mrs. Sawyer," I interrupted, in o
r the willow-garland for his sake. QUEEN MARGARET. Tell him my mourning weeds are laid aside, And I am ready to put armour on. WARWICK. Tell him from me that he hath done me wrong, And t
fed and lowly taught. I know my business is but to the court. COUNTESS. To the court! Why, what place m
ch is- no, no- which was the fairest dame That liv'd, that lov'd, that lik'd, that look'd with cheer. Come, tears, confound; Out, sword, and wound The pap of Pyramus; Ay, t
HIO. Come, where be these gallants? Who's at home? BAPTISTA. You are welcome, sir. PETRUCHIO. And yet I come not well. BAPTISTA. And yet you halt not. TRANIO. Not so well apparell'd As I wish
h for a king. The lark, that tirra-lirra chants, With heigh! with heigh! the thrush and the jay, Are summer songs for me and my aunts, While we lie tumbling in the hay. I have serv'
tands, 'Tis to be doubted he would waken him. FIRST WATCHMAN. Unless our halberds did shut up his passage. SECOND WATCHMAN. Ay, wherefore else guard we his royal tent But t
ow them to prison. One step I have advanc'd thee. If thou dost As this instructs thee, thou dost make thy way To noble fortunes. Know thou this, that men Are as the tim
 mere conceit and fear Of the Queen's speed, is gone. LEONTES. How! Gone? SERVANT. Is dead. LEONTES. Apollo's angry; and the heavens themselves Do
eard was as white as snow, All flaxen was his poll. He is gone, he is gone, And we cast away moan. God 'a'mercy on his soul! And of all
arketable. Bon jour, Monsieur Le Beau. What's the news? LE BEAU. Fair Princess, you have lost much good sport. CELIA. Sport! of what colour? LE BEAU. What colour, 
your clothes, and down again? I must needs wake you. Lady! lady! lady! Alas, alas! Help, help! My lady's dead! O weraday that ever I was born! Some aqua-vitae, ho! My 
barren of new pride? So far from variation or quick change? Why with the time do I not glance aside To new-found methods, and to compounds strange? Why write I still all one, ever the same, An
athed one word to my wife upon this matter." "Could she have guessed?" "No, Mr. Holmes, she could not have guess
griev'd with killing grief. TAMORA. Where is thy brother Bassianus? SATURNINUS. Now to the bottom dost thou search my wound; Poor Bassianus here lies murdered. TAMORA. Then all too l
egin to love, as an old man loves money, with no stomach. COUNTESS. What have we here? CLOWN. E'en that you have there. Exit COUNTESS. [Reads] 'I ha
tried it often enough in the law courts? I expect the big companies will find it easier to pay than to fight, same as the little companies do. And now, Brethren," McGinty took off his black velvet 
 Captain? What do you in this wise company? How dost thou, Apemantus? APEMANTUS. Would I had a rod in my mouth, that I might answer thee profitably! PAGE. Prithee, Apemantus, read me t
ry watcher, and from its craggy summit I looked out myself across the melancholy downs. Rain squalls drifted across their russet face, and the h
r Inn Enter FALSTAFF, HOST, BARDOLPH, NYM, PISTOL, and ROBIN FALSTAFF. Mine host of the Garter! HOST. What says my bully rook? Speak scholarly and wisely. FALSTAFF. Truly, mine 
rother. What think'st thou? Had we fought, I doubt we should have been too young for them. Bene. In a false quarrel there is no true valour. I came to seek you both. Claud. We have been up and down t
she be not, she has the mends in her own hands. TROILUS. Good Pandarus! How now, Pandarus! PANDARUS. I have had my labour for my travail, ill thought on of her and
r three days' open penance done, Live in your country here in banishment With Sir John Stanley in the Isle of Man. DUCHESS. Welcome is banishment; welcome were my death. GLOUCE
ng these fair rites of tenderness. Adieu, and take thy praise with thee to heaven! Thy ignominy sleep with thee in the grav
u lovedst Cassius. BRUTUS. Sheathe your dagger. Be angry when you will, it shall have scope; Do what you will, dishonor shall be hu
ER What says Lord Stanley? Will he bring his power? MESSENGER. My lord, he doth deny to come. KING RICHARD. Off with his son George's head! NORFOLK. My lord, the enemy is pass'd the marsh. A
, And throw their power i' th' dust. BRUTUS. Manifest treason! SICINIUS. This a consul? No. BRUTUS. The aediles, ho! Enter an AEDILE Let him be apprehended. SICINIUS. Go call the people, [Exit AEDI
erfully. You have really done very well indeed. It is true that you have missed everything of importance, but you have hit upon the method, and you have a quick eye for colo
hat never means to do it, Unless he live until he be a man. BASSANIO. Sweet doctor, you shall be my bedfellow; When I am absent, then lie with my wife. ANTONIO. Sweet lady, 
t her husband at or about the time of the tragedy. It was unlikely that she would dare to say that she h
come, let's home. Exeunt citizens BRUTUS. I do not like this news. SICINIUS. Nor I. BRUTUS. Let's to the Capitol. Would half my wealth Would buy this for a lie! SICINIUS. Pray let's go. Exeunt
, my hearts; I will to my honest knight Falstaff, and drink canary with him. Exit HOST FORD. [Aside] I think I shall drink in pipe-wine first with him. I'll make him dance. Will you go, gentl
noble gentleman, To whom my father is not all unknown, And, were his daughter fairer than she is, She may more suitors have, and me for one. Fair Leda's daughter had a thous
, Ezekiah Hopkins, who was very peculiar in his ways. He was himself red-headed, and he had a great sympathy for all red-headed men; so when he died it was found that he had left his e
ed and chivalrous thing to volunteer for service against some man who had never injured them, and whom in many cases they had never seen in their l
nds; And ere this hand, by thee to Romeo's seal'd, Shall be the label to another deed, Or my true heart with treacherous revolt Turn to another, this shall slay them both. Therefo
ook through a casement to allure false hearts, And be false with them. IACHIMO. Here are letters for you. POSTHUMUS. Their tenour good, I trust. IACHIMO. 'Tis very like. PHIL
no more O'er him whom heaven created for thy ruler. SOMERSET. O monstrous traitor! I arrest thee, York, Of capital treason 'gainst the King and crown. Obey, audacious traitor; kneel for gr
rd breaks, and shows no cause without Why the man dies.- I humbly thank you, sir. Capt. God b' wi' you, sir. [Exit.] Ros. Will't please you go, my lord? Ham. I'll be with you straight. Go a little 
 no more O'er him whom heaven created for thy ruler. SOMERSET. O monstrous traitor! I arrest thee, York, Of capital treason 'gainst the King and crown. Obey, audacious traitor; kneel for gra
larence only for Protector. KING HENRY. Warwick and Clarence, give me both your hands. Now join your hands, and with your h
. GEORGE. Yet let us all together to our troops, And give them leave to fly that will not stay, And call them pillars that will stand to us; And if we thrive,
 The morning comes upon 's. We'll leave you, Brutus, And, friends, disperse yourselves, but all remember What you have said and show yourselves tr
ching at my front door, and proceed to Waterloo to meet Sir Henry Baskerville." "And then?" "And then you will say nothing to him at all until I have made 
war, by surfeit die your king, As ours by murder, to make him a king! Edward thy son, that now is Prince of Wales, For Edward our son, that 
ur chimney, and your chamber-lye breeds fleas like a loach. 1. Car. What, ostler! come away and be hang'd! come away! 2. Car. I have a gammon of bacon and two ra
d ten of his men. The swing skylights above the saloon table had been a bit open, and they had fired on us through the slit. We got on them before they could load, and they stood to it like men; but
the hen? Have you enquir'd yet who pick'd my pocket? Host. Why, Sir John, what do you think, Sir John? Do you think I keep thieves in m
. Why, then, to-morrow I cannot serve your turn for Rosalind? ORLANDO. I can live no longer by thinking. ROSALIND. I will weary you, then, no longer with idle talk
pernatural and causeless. Hence is it that we make trifles of terrors, ensconcing ourselves into seeming knowledge when we should submit ourselves to an unknown fear. PAROLLES. Why, 'tis the ra
 morning, for I would fain be about the ears of the English. RAMBURES. Who will go to hazard with me for twenty prisoners? CONSTABLE. You must first go yourself to hazard ere you hav
ay. I said thou hadst a fine wit: 'True,' said she, 'a fine little one.' 'No,' said I, 'a great wit.' 'Right,' says she, 'a great gross one.' 'Nay,' said 
ed his thick black eyebrows. "Oh, it's like that, is it?" said he. "I'll have to look a bit closer into this, Mister--" "McMurdo." "A bit closer, Mr. McMurdo; for we don't take folk o
 he wak'd, of force she must be ey'd. Enter DEMETRIUS and HERMIA OBERON. Stand close; this is the same Athenian. PUCK. This is the woman, but not this th
le, Watson! Admirable! You are the best of messengers." "He wished to return with me." "That would never do, Watson. That would be obviously impossible. Did he as
ratory at Buda, there is no other specimen in Europe. It has not yet found its way either into the pharmacopoeia or into the literature o
d the prosaic finding of the coroner not finally put an end to the romantic stories which have been whispered in connection with the affair, it might have been difficult to find a tenant for Bas
t any harm has befallen the Lady Frances?" Holmes shook his head very gravely. "Supposing that they have held her prisoner up to now, it is clear that they cannot let her loose without thei
e je suis le bon ecolier; j'ai gagne deux mots d'Anglais vitement. Comment appelez-vous les ongles? ALICE. Les ongles? Nous les appelons de nails. KATHERINE. De nails. Ecoutez; di
r trespass. He is learned in old manorial and communal rights, and he applies his knowledge sometimes in favour of the villagers of Fernworthy and sometimes against them, so that he is p
Ham. I could interpret between you and your love, if I could see the puppets dallying. Oph. You are keen, my lord, you are keen. Ham. It would cost you a groani
OY. Ecoutez: comment etes-vous appele? FRENCH SOLDIER. Monsieur le Fer. BOY. He says his name is Master Fer. PISTOL. Master Fer! I'll fer him, and firk him, and ferret him- discuss the sam
from heir shall hold this quarrel up Whiles England shall have generation. PRINCE JOHN. YOU are too shallow, Hastings, much to shallow, To
ANDARUS. Where are my tears? Rain, to lay this wind, or my heart will be blown up by th' root? Exit CRESSIDA. I must then to the Grecians? TROILUS. No remedy. CRESSIDA. A woeful Cress
irrah, when you should; Must your bold verdict enter talk with lords?' Else would I have a fling at Winchester. KING HENRY. Uncles of Gloucester and of Winchester, The speci
 nine months old. Was never subject long'd to be a King As I do long and wish to be a subject. Enter BUCKINGHAM and old CLIFFORD BUCKINGHAM. Health
y's peace. SECOND SENATOR. And shakes his threat'ning sword Against the walls of Athens. FIRST SENATOR. Therefore, Timon- TIMON. Well, sir, I will. Therefore I w
ch is a great argument of falsehood- if I love. And how can that be true love which is falsely attempted? Love is a familiar; Love is a devil. There is no evil angel but Love. 
g, how mine enemies To-day at Pomfret bloodily were butcher'd, And I myself secure in grace and favour. O Margaret, Margaret, now thy heavy curs
 fingres. Je pense que je suis le bon ecolier; j'ai gagne deux mots d'Anglais vitement. Comment appelez-vous les ongles? ALICE. Les ongles? Nous les appelons de nails. KATHERINE. De nails. Ecoutez;
m his presence I am barr'd, like one infectious; my third comfort, Starr'd most unluckily, is from my breast- The innocent milk in it most innocent mouth- Hal'd out to murder; myself on ever
I have explained, Sir Eustace was not always to be trusted. I went into the kitchen, the butler's pantry, the gun-room, the billiard-room, the drawing-room, and finally t
me 'My honest friend Launcelot, being an honest man's son' or rather 'an honest woman's son'; for indeed my father did something smack, something grow to, he had a kind of taste- well, my co
h of honour, may Make tender of to thy true worthiness. You may not come, fair Princess, within my gates; But here without you shall be so receiv'd As you shall deem yourself lodg'd in my 
s the joyful day, Audre'y; to-morrow will we be married. AUDREY. I do desire it with all my heart; and I hope it is no dishonest desire to desire to be a woman of the world. Here come
They all bustle about CORIOLANUS] ALL. Tribunes! patricians! citizens! What, ho! Sicinius! Brutus! Coriolanus! Citizens! PATRICIANS. Peace, peace, peace; stay, hold, peace! MENENIUS. What 
or. No reply. I turned the handle and walked in. The room was empty, and the bed had never been slept in. He had gone with the rest. The foreign host, the foreign foo
de of danger rang'd; Yet did you say 'Go forth'; and none of this, Though strongly apprehended, could restrain The stiff-borne action. What hath then befall'n, Or what hath this bold enterp
Open the gates unto the Lord Protector, Or we'll burst them open, if that you come not quickly. Enter to the PROTECTOR at the Tower gates WINCHESTER and his men in tawny coats WINCHESTE
. No, he shall not knit a knot in his fortunes with the finger of my substance; if he take her, let him take her simply; the wealth I have waits on my consent, and my consent goes 
till for Richard's soul. More will I do; Though all that I can do is nothing worth, Since that my penitence comes after all, Imploring pardon. Enter GLOUCESTER GLOUCESTER. My liege! KING HENRY.
ou couldn't wash yourself," interrupted his companion gravely, staring up at his grimy visage. "No, nor drink. And Mr. Bender, he was the fust to go, and then Indian Pete, and then Mrs. 
 mew! Enter a Gentleman. Alb. What news? Gent. O, my good lord, the Duke of Cornwall 's dead, Slain by his servant, going to put out The other eye of Gloucester. Alb. Gloucester's eyes? Gent. 
e Tower. And go we, brothers, to the man that took him To question of his apprehension. Widow, go you along. Lords, use her honourably. Exeunt all but GLOUCESTER GLOUCESTER. Ay, Edward wil
ch, touching but my gentle vessel's side, Would scatter all her spices on the stream, Enrobe the roaring waters with my silks, And, in a word, but even now worth this, And now worth nothi
obed to the bottom.' "'You shall learn nothing from me,' said he with a passion such as I should not have thought was in his nature. 'If you choose to call the police, let the police
 underprop his land, Who, weak with age, cannot support myself. Now comes the sick hour that his surfeit made; Now shall he try his friends that flatter'd him. Enter a SERVINGMAN SERVINGMAN. My lo
 DESDEMONA. A guiltless death I die. EMILIA. O, who hath done this deed? DESDEMONA. Nobody; I myself. Farewell; Commend me to my kind lord. O, farew
 Where is it? Fal. Where is it, Taken from us it is. A hundred upon poor four of us! Prince. What, a hundred, man? Fal. I am a rogue if I we
DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIA
KING HENRY. My Lord of Somerset, what youth is that, Of whom you seem to have so tender care? SOMERSET. My liege, it is young Henry, Earl of Richmond. KING HENRY. Come hither, England's 
NG RICHARD. Norfolk, we must have knocks; ha! must we not? NORFOLK. We must both give and take, my loving lord. KING RICHARD. Up With my tent! Here will I lie to-night; [Soldie
ur mother's hand shall right your mother's wrong. DEMETRIUS. Stay, madam, here is more belongs to her; First th
would speak with you. Pedro. In private? John. If it please you. Yet Count Claudio may hear, for what I would speak of concerns him. Pedro. What's the matter? John. [to 
the Scripture? The Scripture says Adam digg'd. Could he dig without arms? I'll put another question to thee. If thou answerest me not to the purpose, confess thysel
h? FLAMINIUS. No, indeed, he is not. TITUS. We attend his lordship; pray signify so much. FLAMINIUS. I need not tell him that; he knows you ar
d? LAUNCELOT. Do you not know me, father? GOBBO. Alack, sir, I am sand-blind; I know you not. LAUNCELOT. Nay, indeed, if you had your eyes, you might fail of the knowing me:
e, PRINCE JOHN of LANCASTER, WESTMORELAND, OFFICERS, and others PRINCE JOHN. You are well encount'red here, my cousin Mowbray. Good day to you, gentle 
far worse than his. YORK. What, worse than nought? Nay, then a shame take all! SOMERSET. And in the number, thee that wishest shame! CARDINAL. My
man, a fat woman, gone up into his chamber; I'll be so bold as stay, sir, till she come down; I come to speak with her, indeed. HOST. Ha! a fat woman? The 
eer, "is Dr. Becher a German, very thin, with a long, sharp nose?" The station-master laughed heartily. "No, sir, Dr. Becher is an Englishman
 indeed a Baskerville. He was a son of that Rodger Baskerville, the younger brother of Sir Charles, who fled with
o't well. DESDEMONA. Then would to God that I had never seen't! OTHELLO. Ha! wherefore? DESDEMONA. Why do you speak so startingly and rash? OTHELLO. Is't lost? is't gone? speak, is it ou
true. 114 Or whether doth my mind being crowned with you Drink up the monarch's plague this flattery? Or whether shall I say mine ey
 step she could have mistaken for mine. If I could have seen him then I should have killed him, for I h
uch we do o'er-count thee. POMPEY. At land, indeed, Thou dost o'er-count me of my father's house. But since the cuc
ould rend that beauty from my cheeks. GLOUCESTER. These eyes could not endure that beauty's wreck; You should not blemish it if I stood by. As all the world is
is to die. ISABELLA. So. ANGELO. And his offence is so, as it appears, Accountant to the law upon that pain. ISABELLA. True. A
ications of the utmost moment. It is not too much to say that peace or war may hang upon the issue. Unless its recovery can be attended with the utmost secrecy, then it may as w
ith. Ham. Upon my sword. Mar. We have sworn, my lord, already. Ham. Indeed, upon my sword, indeed. Ghost cries under the stage. Ghost. Swear. Ham. Aha boy, say'st thou so? Art tho
hors. SECOND GENTLEMAN. If the Duke be guiltless, 'Tis full of woe; yet I can give you inkling Of an ensuing evil, if it fall, Greater than this. FIRST GENTLEMAN. Good angels keep it from us! Wha
ddeus Sholto. "Here's a business!" he cried, in a muffled, husky voice. "Here's a pretty business! But who
le injury. It must have bled considerably." "Yes, it did. I fainted when it was done, and I think that I must have been sensele
our blessing; truth will come to light; murder cannot be hid long; a man's son may, but in the end truth will out. GOBBO. Pray you, sir, stand up; I am sure you are
 plain a case. CRESSIDA. And is it true that I must go from Troy? TROILUS. A hateful truth. CRESSIDA. What, and from Troilu
prayers cross. ISABELLA. At what hour to-morrow Shall I attend your lordship? ANGELO. At any time 'fore noon. ISABELLA. Save your honour! Exeunt all but ANGELO ANG
chine, troubled with the lampass, infected with the fashions, full of windgalls, sped with spavins, rayed with the yellows, past cure o
hat it is that is not yet known what, I cannot name; 'tis nameless woe, I wot. Enter GREEN GREEN. God save your Majesty! and well met, gentlemen. I hope the King is not yet shipp'd for Ireland. QUEEN
 Antonio bound. BASSANIO. Your answer to that. SHYLOCK. Antonio is a good man. BASSANIO. Have you heard any imputation to the contrary? SHYLOCK. Ho, no, 
lieve 'twas he. DESDEMONA. How now, my lord! I have been talking with a suitor here, A man that languishes in your displeasure. OTHELLO. Who is't you mean? DESDEMONA. Why, your lieutenant, Cassi
ug, I love thee! Lear. Doth any here know me? This is not Lear. Doth Lear walk thus? speak thus? Where are his eyes? Either his n
 Dido. ANTONIO. O, widow Dido! Ay, widow Dido. GONZALO. Is not, sir, my doublet as fresh as the first day I wore it? I mean, in a sort. ANTONIO. That 'sort' was well 
S. Let him know't. FLORIZEL. He shall not. POLIXENES. Prithee let him. FLORIZEL. No, he must not. SHEPHERD. Let him, my son; he shall not need to grieve At know
 Railroad Company." "And who bought the mines of Todman and of Lee that came into the market in the same way last year?" "The same company, Brother Morris." "And who 
ad been pushed in. "You don't use bars, then?" he asked. "We have never found it necessary." "You don't keep
 son to th' Queen. GUIDERIUS. I'm sorry for't; not seeming So worthy as thy birth. CLOTEN. Art not afeard? GUIDERIUS. Those that I reverence, those I fear- the wise: At fools I 
 write the letter? VALENTINE. How now, sir! What are you reasoning with yourself? SPEED. Nay, I was rhyming: 'tis you that have the reason. VALENTINE. To do what? SPEED. To be a spokesman from 
d And call him noble that was now your hate, Him vile that was your garland. What's the matter That in these several places of the city You cry against the noble Senate, who, 
rt good to see. How a score of ewes now? SILENCE. Thereafter as they be- a score of good ewes may be worth ten po
 Who else should be? QUEEN ELIZABETH. What, thou? KING RICHARD. Even so. How think you of it? QUEEN ELIZ
e into his presence. GENTLEMAN. The King's not here. HELENA. Not here, sir? GENTLEMAN. Not indeed. He hence remov'd last night, and with more has
ay an errand for you; you shall know now that I am in estimation; you shall perceive that a Jack guardant cannot office me from my son Corio
 us; If not, shun me, and I will spare your haunts. OBERON. Give me that boy and I will go with thee. TITANIA. Not for thy fairy kingdom. Fairies, away. We shall chide downright if
her's land, as was my father's will. KING JOHN. Sirrah, your brother is legitimate: Your father's wife did after wedlock bear him, And if she 
box o' th' ear. It is the soldier's: I, by bargain, should Wear it myself. Follow, good cousin Warwick; If that the soldier strike him, as I judge By his bl
t not with the Prince thy brother? He loves thee, and thou dost neglect him, Thomas. Thou hast a better place in his affection Than all thy brothers; cherish it, my boy
t; And I will wish thee never more to dance, Nor never more in Russian habit wait. O, never will I trust to speeches penn'd, Nor to the 
ow not what; 'tis trash. Farewell. AJAX. Farewell. Who shall answer him? ACHILLES. I know not; 'tis put to lott'ry. Otherwise. He knew his man. AJAX. O, meaning 
vens, that I were a lord! TIMON. What wouldst do then, Apemantus? APEMANTUS. E'en as Apemantus does now: hate a lord with my heart. TIMON. What, thyself? APEMANTUS
you or I; yet he must die. ISABELLA. Under your sentence? ANGELO. Yea. ISABELLA. When? I beseech you; that in his reprieve, Longer or shorter, he may be so
o the floor of the room. There were no footmarks." "Meaning that you saw none?" "I assure you, sir, that there were none." "My good Hopkins, I
eason to get at this fellow Blessington. I have no doubt in my mind that both on the first and on the second occasion that young man penetrated to Blessington's room, whi
iage, which they will climb incontinent, or else be incontinent before marriage. They are in the very wrath of love, and they will together. Clubs cannot part them. ORLANDO. They shall be marri
ave heard in how miry a place, how she was bemoil'd, how he left her with the horse upon her, how he beat me because her horse stumbled, how she waded through the dirt to pluck him off me, h
commend you to mine own heart. ROSALINE. Pray you, do my commendations; I would be glad to see it. BEROWNE. I would you heard it groan. ROSALINE. Is the fool sick? BEROWNE. Sick at
among the Londoners Concerning the French journey. I replied Men fear'd the French would prove perfidious, To the King's danger. Presently the Duke Said 'twas the fear indeed and that he doub
rue account of the next act. How came the stone into the goose, and how came the goose into the open market? Tell us the truth, for there lies your only
e." The country inspector's face had shown his intense amazement at the rapid and masterful progress of Holmes's investigation. At first he had shown some disposition to assert his 
retary; Why are we met in council? CROMWELL. Please your honours, The chief cause concerns his Grace of Canterbury. GARDINER. Has he had knowledge of it? CROMWELL. Yes. NORFOLK. Who wai
nd yet when they arrived they found that the candle was out and that the lamp had been lighted. That seems very remarkable." Again Barker showed some signs of indecision. "I don't see that 
ust be acres and acres. There is a modern part, which took all our garrison, women, children, stores, and everything else, with plenty of room over. But the modern part
SABELLA. Why, As all comforts are; most good, most good, indeed. Lord Angelo, having affairs to heaven, Intends yo
re us. "That is why I have done it," said he. It showed the bust and face of a very beautiful woman. Holmes stooped over it. "Brenda Tregennis," said he. 
smell somewhat strong of her strong displeasure. CLOWN. Truly, Fortune's displeasure is but sluttish, if it smell so strongly as thou speak'st of. I will hencef
es: Now see what good turns eyes for eyes have done, Mine eyes have drawn thy shape, and thine for me Are windows to my breast, where-through the sun 
ches; for the love of Juno, let's go. MENENIUS. Ha! Marcius coming home? VOLUMNIA. Ay, worthy Menenius, and with most prosperous approbation. MENENIUS. Take my cap, Jup
ot asked his advice sooner it was not because I did not appreciate his talents, but because I have been off my head ever since th
use He may a little grieve at. SECOND GENTLEMAN. Certainly The Cardinal is the end of this. FIRST GENTLEMAN. 'Tis likely, By all conjectures: first, Kildare's 
t it will quickly drop; my day is dim. Thou hast stol'n that which, after some few hours, Were thine without offense; and at my death Thou hast seal'd
e night And not be seen to wink of all the day- When I was wont to think no harm all night, And make a dark night too of half the day- Which I hope well is
 Were not you here but even now, disguis'd? KING. Madam, I was. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. And were you well advis'd? KING. I was
 terrible language you will; though you understand it not yourselves, no matter; for we must not seem to understand him, unless some one among us, whom we
Fortune friends; I am for other business. PAROLLES. I beseech your honour to hear me one single word. LAFEU. You beg a single penny more; come, you shall ha't; save your word. PAROLLES. My name
k longer than the whole world. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. What complexion is she of? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE
right her! Bene. Is there any way to show such friendship? Beat. A very even way, but no such friend. B
w he's employ'd; he shall in time be ready. Go with me to my tent, where you shall see How hardly I was drawn into this war, How calm and gentle I proceeded still In all my writings. Go with me, an
dreamt of a silver basin and ewer to-night- Flaminius, honest Flaminius, you are very respectively welcome, sir. Fill me some wine. [Exit SERVANT] 
d I do this? ORLANDO. I am more proud to be Sir Rowland's son, His youngest son- and would not change that calling To be adopted heir to Frederick. ROSALIND. My father lov'd Sir Rowland as his 
 hands of life bereaved him. Pardon me, God, I knew not what I did. And pardon, father, for I knew not thee. My tears shall wipe away these bloody marks; An
: If a hart do lack a hind, Let him seek out Rosalinde. If the cat will after kind, So be sure will Rosalinde. Winter garments must be lin'd, So must slender Rosali
NDARUS. I will be with you, niece, by and by. CRESSIDA. To bring, uncle. PANDARUS. Ay, a token from Troilus. CRESSIDA. By the same token, you are a bawd. Exit PANDARUS Words, vows, gifts, tears, and 
 of breath when thou hast breath To say to me that thou art out of breath? The excuse that thou dost make in this delay Is longer than the tale thou dost
my hands of life bereaved him. Pardon me, God, I knew not what I did. And pardon, father, for I knew not thee. My tears shall wipe away these bloody marks; And no 
. But you and your friend are men of discretion, Mr. Holmes?" "I hardly understand your Grace." "I must put it plainly, Mr. Holmes. If only you two know of this incident, th
re is no remedy. PROTEUS. When possibly I can, I will return. JULIA. If you turn not, you will return the sooner. Keep this remembrance f
d run smooth; But either it was different in blood- HERMIA. O cross! too high to be enthrall'd to low. LYSANDER. Or else misgraffed in respect of years- HERMIA. O spite! too old to be engag'd to youn
dge-keeper of the Boscombe Valley estate, was in one of the woods picking flowers. She states that while she was there she saw, at the border of the wood and 
! Four woodcocks in a dish! DUMAIN. O most divine Kate! BEROWNE. O most profane coxcomb! DUMAIN. By heaven, the wonder in a mortal eye! BEROWNE. By earth, she 
ow'rs o' th' spring that might Become your time of day- and yours, and yours, That wear upon your virgin branches yet
own which call for good men. Are you ready to be tested?" "I am." "Are you of stout heart?" "I am." "Take a stride forward to p
y honest faith in thee is lost. For I have sworn deep oaths of thy deep kindness: Oaths of thy love, thy truth, thy constancy, And to enlighten
im. Why, methinks, by him, This creature's no such thing. CHARMIAN. Nothing, madam. CLEOPATRA. The man hath seen some majesty, and should know. CHARMIAN. Hath he 
this fashion; Yet oftentimes lie goes but mean-apparell'd. BAPTISTA. I am glad he's come, howsoe'er he comes. BIONDELLO. Why, sir, he comes not. BAPTISTA. Didst 
I smoked several pipes over them, trying to separate those which were crucial from others which were merely incidental. There could be no question that the most distinctive and suggestive
morrow, good wife. QUICKLY. Not so, an't please your worship. FALSTAFF. Good maid, then. QUICKLY. I'll be sworn; As my mother was, the first hour I was born. FALSTAFF. I do
 third shot has been fired, and therefore a third person must have been present. But who could that have been and h
unning banquet of two beadles that is to come. Enter the LORD CHAMBERLAIN CHAMBERLAIN. Mercy o' me, what a multitude are here! They gro
ith him. Enter DIOMEDES DIOMEDES. Where's Antony? DERCETAS. There, Diomed, there. DIOMEDES. Lives he? Wilt thou not answer, man? Exit DERCETAS ANTONY. Art thou there, Diomed? Draw
n ordained," cried the old rascal. "And also unfrocked." "Once a clergyman, always a clergyman." "I think not. How about the license?" "We had a license for
 Scot had paid me scot and lot too. Counterfeit? I lie; I am no counterfeit. To die is to be a counterfeit; for he is but the counter
I was bred and born Not three hours' travel from this very place. VIOLA. Who governs here? CAPTAIN. A noble duke, in nature as in name. VIOLA. What is his name? CAPT
 of love it is to me That I must love a loathed enemy. Nurse. What's this? what's this? Jul. A rhyme I learnt even now Of one I danc'd 
e convict on the moor?" I started. "You don't mean that you know where he is?" said I. "I may not know exactly where he is, but I am quite sure that I could help the police to lay th
iate that I could do. Sergeant Wilson had all the facts. I checked them and considered them and maybe added a few of my own." "What were they?" asked Holmes eagerly. "Well, I first had 
as follows: "Wanted, a woman of good address, attired like a lady. She has a remarkably thick nose, with eyes which are set close upon either side of it. She has a puckered forehead, a pee
lial fear, law, kindred, fame! Love's arms are peace, 'gainst rule, 'gainst sense, 'gainst shame. And sweetens, in 
ue, More than the instant army we can make, Might stop our countryman. MENENIUS. No; I'll not meddle. SICINIUS. Pray you go to him. MENENIUS. What should I do? BRUTUS.
aughed. "I should imagine not," he said. "And yet, you see, I am here. Coals of fire, Holmes--coals of fire!" "It is very good of you--very noble of you. 
ears and yet whom, by the deplorable laws of England, I could not divorce. For years Brenda waited. For years I waited. And this is what we have waited for." A terrible 
ent, complement, and ceremony of it. But are you sure of your husband now? MRS. FORD. He's a-birding, sweet Sir John. MRS. PAGE. [Within] What hoa, gossip Ford, what hoa! MRS. FORD. S
Now do your duty throughly, I advise you. Imagine 'twere the right Vincentio. BIONDELLO. Tut, fear not me. TRANIO. But hast thou done thy errand to Baptista? BIONDELLO. I told him that your fat
 your footprints may not complicate matters. Now to work! In the first place, how did these folk come, and how did they go? The door h
on well nor lean enough to be thought a good student; but to be said an honest man and a good housekeeper goes as fairly as to say a careful man and a great scholar. The competitors enter.
r Lennox. LENNOX. What's your Grace's will? MACBETH. Saw you the weird sisters? LENNOX. No, my lord. MACBETH. Came they not by you? LENNOX. No i
; and which he shall know within this hour, if I may come to th' speech of him. AUTOLYCUS. Age, thou hast lost thy labour. SHEPHERD. Why, Sir? AUTOLYCUS. The King is not at the palace; he i
ssio's death. The noise was here. Ha! no more moving? Still as the grave. Shall she come in? were't good? I think she stirs again. No. What's best to do? If she come in, she'll sure 
workman, a very good tailor. BERTRAM. [Aside to PAROLLES] Is she gone to the King? PAROLLES. She is. BERTRAM. Will she away to-night? PAROLLES. As you'll have
 But that necessity so bow'd the state That I and greatness were compell'd to kiss- 'The time shall come'- thus did he follow it- 'The time will come that foul sin, gathering h
r ladyship's good will to go to the world, Isbel the woman and I will do as we may. COUNTESS. Wilt thou needs be a beggar? CLOWN. I do beg your good will in this case. COUNTESS. In what case
, wherever they are gone, That youth is surely in their company. FREDERICK. Send to his brother; fetch that gallant hither. If he be absent, bring his brother to me; I'll make him find 
he trust of Richard Gloucester, A man that loves not me, nor none of you. RIVER. Is it concluded he shall be Protector? QUEEN ELIZABETH. It is determin'd, not concluded yet; 
so high that he could not forget or pardon a lapse in another. Help me, Mr. Holmes! My happiness, his happiness, our very lives are at 
d been left behind. That would explain his persistence, would it not?" "Well, what is the next step?" "The next step is the note received by Garcia at the 
ORD. It is the Count Rousillon, my good lord, Young Bertram. KING. Youth, thou bear'st thy father's face; Frank nature, rather curious than in haste, Hath well compos'd thee. Thy father's moral p
 then, no words. CLITUS. I'll rather kill myself. BRUTUS. Hark thee, Dardanius. Whispers. DARDANIUS. Shall I do such a deed? CLITUS. O Dardanius! DARDANIUS. O Clitus! CLITUS. What ill request di
ILLO. Stays here longer. LEONTES. Ay, but why? CAMILLO. To satisfy your Highness, and the entreaties Of our most gracious mistress. LEONTES. Satisfy Th' entreaties of your mistress! Sat
tisfaction, no revenge; nor no ill luck stirring but what lights o' my shoulders; no sighs but o' my breathing; no tears but o' my shedding! TUBAL. Yes, other men have ill luck too: Antonio, as I hea
ok To set thee here? Kent. It is both he and she- Your son and daughter. Lear. No. Kent. Yes. Lear. No, I say. Kent. I say yea. Lear. No, no, they would
 attire; but let them be chang'd. Kent. Now, good my lord, lie here and rest awhile. Lear. Make no noise, make no noise; draw the curtains. So, so, so. We'll go to su
r the matter; In thine own person answer thy abuse. CARDINAL. [Aside to GLOUCESTER] Ay, where thou dar'st not peep; an if thou dar'st
S SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIA
ear. Of so high and plenteous wit and invention- IAGO. She's the worse for all this. OTHELLO. O, a thousand, a thousand times
eech you heartily, scurvy, lousy knave, at my desires, and my requests, and my petitions, to eat, look you, this leek; because, look you, you do not love i
 whom could he ask? This girl had been devoted to him. A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman's love, however badly he may have
s to the bent Of the King's looks, hath a heart that is not Glad at the thing they scowl at. SECOND GENTLEMAN. And why so? FIRST GENTLEMAN. He that hath miss'd the Princess is a thing Too bad for b
e, not to be endur'd! Sirrah Grumio, go to your mistress; Say I command her come to me. Exit GRUMIO HORTENSIO. I know her answer. PETRUCHIO. What? HORTENSIO. She will not. PETRUCHI
ou would come." The other laughed. "I should imagine not," he said. "And yet, you see, I am here. Coals of fire, Holmes--coals of fire!" "It is very good of you--very noble of you. I apprecia
o kill a woodcock, lest thou dispossess the soul of thy grandam. Fare thee well. MALVOLIO. Sir Topas, Sir Topas! SIR TOBY. My most exquisite Sir Topas! CLOWN. Nay, I am for
all'n lord Does conquer him that did his master conquer, And earns a place i' th' story. Enter THYREUS CLEOPATRA. Caesar's will? THYREUS. Hear it apart. CLEOPATRA. None but friends: say 
R STEPHEN SCROOP SIR PIERCE OF EXTON CAPTAIN of a band of Welshmen TWO GARDENERS QUEEN to King Richard DUCHESS OF YORK DUCHESS OF GLOUCESTER, widow of Thoma
EBASTIAN. He will be talking. ANTONIO. Which, of he or Adrian, for a good wager, first begins to crow? SEBASTIAN. The old cock. ANTONIO. The cock'rel. SEBASTIAN. Don
er my thigh, and sigh'd and kiss'd; and then Cried, "Cursed fate that gave thee to the Moor!" OTHELLO. O monstrous! monstrous! IAGO. Nay, this was but his dre
had been by the ship-side, to have help'd her; there your charity would have lack'd footing. SHEPHERD. Heavy matters, heavy matters! But look thee here, boy. 
 [Within] Who calls there? CLOWN. Sir Topas the curate, who comes to visit Malvolio the lunatic. MALVOLIO. Sir Topas, Sir Topas, goo
atch? No passage? Murther! Murther! GRATIANO. 'Tis some mischance; the cry is very direful. CASSIO. O, help! LODOVICO. Hark! RODERIGO. O wretched villain! LODOVICO. Two or three groan; it is a heav
iage came out I followed it to the station. She was like one walking in her sleep, but when they tried to get her into the train she came to life and struggled. They pushed her into th
e police will be called in, and I shall be suspected of having had a hand in it. Oh, yes, I am sure I shall. But you don't think so, gentlemen? Surely you don't t
And let me have them very well perfum'd; For she is sweeter than perfume itself To whom they go to. What will you read to her? LUCENTIO. Whate'er I read to her, I'll plead for you As
ERVINGMAN. The four strangers seek for you, madam, to take their leave; and there is a forerunner come from a fifth, the Prince of Morocco, who brings word the Prince his master will be h
e high-rear'd bulwarks, stand before our faces; Richard except, those whom we fight against Had rather have us win than him they follow. For what is he they follow? T
. FORD. If you find a man there, he shall die a flea's death. PAGE. Here's no man. SHALLOW. By my fidelity, this is not well, Master Ford; this wrongs you. EVANS. Master Ford, you must p
 is my unrest. Cap. Nay, gentlemen, prepare not to be gone; We have a trifling foolish banquet towards. Is it e'en so? Why then, I thank you all. I thank you, honest gentlemen. Good night. More 
 so unwise to be so kind. What shall be done? He will not hear till feel. I must be round with him. Now he comes from hunting. Fie, fie, fie, fie! Enter 
riumph, being lacked to hope. 53 What is your substance, whereof are you made, That millions of strange shadows on you tend? Since every one, hath every one, one shade, And you but one, can 
of loud voices were audible from below, and the hall door shut with a loud crash. "Before they come," said Holmes, "just put your hand here on this poor fellow's arm, and here on his leg. What d
ith which Holmes had decoyed him. "See if you can read it, Watson," said he, with a smile. It contained no word, but this little line of dancing men:-- [ Picture: Picture of various dancing men ] "If
; The fit and apt construction of thy name, Being Leo-natus, doth import so much. [To CYMBELINE] The piece of tender air, thy virtuous daughter, Which we call 'mollis aer,' and 'mollis aer' 
in with me. Much danger do I undergo for thee. Exeunt SCENE 2. England. KING JOHN'S palace Enter KING JOHN, PEMBROKE, SALISBURY, and other LORDS KING JOHN. Here once again we sit, once again crown'd
 does he feel His secret murthers sticking on his hands, Now minutely revolts upbraid his faith-breach; Those he commands move only in command, Nothing in love. Now does he feel
 our fortunes. ENOBARBUS. Mine, and most of our fortunes, to-night, shall be- drunk to bed. IRAS. There's a palm presages chastity, if nothing else. CHARMIAN. E'en as t
didn't say so, Mr. Holmes; I didn't say so. We all have our little ways. You try yours and I will try mine. That's the agreement." Holmes shrugged his shoulders as we wa
es! Thieves! Look to your house, your daughter, and your bags! Thieves! Thieves! Brabantio appears above, at a window. BRABANTIO. What is the reason of this terri
r Caesar were living and die all slaves, than that Caesar were dead to live all freemen? As Caesar loved m
e waiting for him in the Yew Alley rather than in his own house?" "You think that he was waiting for someone?" "The ma
k. KATHARINE. So do not you; for you are a light wench. ROSALINE. Indeed, I weigh not you; and therefore light. KATHARINE. You weigh me not? O, that
 O Fortune, Fortune! all men call thee fickle. If thou art fickle, what dost thou with him That is renown'd for faith? Be fickle, Fortune, For then I h
ys I love thee not. DEMETRIUS. I say I love thee more than he can do. LYSANDER. If thou say so, withdraw, and prove it too. DEMETRIUS. Quick, come. HERMIA. Lys
ut Lord Talbot and the French. WINCHESTER. What! Wherein Talbot overcame? Is't so? THIRD MESSENGER. O, no; wherein Lord Talbot was o'erthrown. The
t!" says she. "Where's Sarah?" I asked. "In the kitchen," says she. "Sarah," says I as I went in, "this man
ly, but it was paled with emotion; the eyes were bright, but it was the brightness of fever; the sensitive mouth was tight and drawn i
"Have you never--" said Sherlock Holmes, bending forward and sinking his voice--"have you never heard 
 BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED 
ght that it was dislike. And then, gradually, I understood that it was more than dislike. It was fear--a deep
via? MESSENGER. Ay, dread Queen. CLEOPATRA. Where? MESSENGER. Madam, in Rome I look'd her in the face, and saw her led Between 
ghtst call him A goodly person. He hath lost his fellows, And strays about to find 'em. MIRANDA. I might call him A thing divine; for nothing natural I ever saw so noble. PROSPERO. [Asid
UEEN, GLOUCESTER, YORK, SUFFOLK, and SALISBURY, with guard, to banish the DUCHESS. Enter, guarded, the DUCHESS OF GLOUCESTER, MARGER
SECOND MURTHERER. A light, a light! Enter Banquo, and Fleance with a torch. THIRD MURTHERER. 'Tis he. 
 OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR ME
 OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. SCENE I. The park Enter ARMADO and MOTH ARMA
 MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITE
ss to a more successful conclusion." "On the contrary, my dear sir," cried the King; "nothing could be more success
. DROMIO OF EPHESUS. I buy a thousand pound a year; I buy a rope. <Exit DROMIO ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. A ma
 "We are devil-ridden, Mr. Holmes! My poor parish is devil-ridden!" he cried. "Satan himself is loose in it! We are given over
't again. GUIDERIUS. I have spoke it, and I did it. CYMBELINE. He was a prince. GUIDERIUS. A most incivil one. The wrongs he did me Were nothing prince-like; for he did 
ED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. SCENE I. The Forest of Arden Ent
n the ear Of him that hears it, never in the tongue Of him that makes it; then, if sickly ears, Deaf'd with the clamours of their own dear groans, Will hear your idle scorns, contin
lize that he may have finally lost a woman's love, however badly he may have treated her. He would try by a few attentions to make his peace with the girl Howells, and then woul
ou Confirm his welcome with some special favour. SILVIA. His worth is warrant for his welcome hither, If this be he you oft have wish'd to hear from. VALENTINE. Mistress, it is; sweet lady, en
outsafe me, look you, a few disputations with you, as partly touching or concerning the disciplines of the war, the Roman wars, in the way of argument, look you, and friendly communication; 
ss to thee. CORIOLANUS. Away! MENENIUS. How! away! CORIOLANUS. Wife, mother, child, I know not. My affairs Are servanted to others. Though I owe My revenge properly, my remi
BUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1609 A LOVER'S COMPLAINT by William Shakespeare From off a 
BUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. SCENE I. London. El
 What says my sweet queen, my very very sweet queen? PARIS. What exploit's in hand? Where sups he to-night? HELEN. Nay, but, my 
 might better wear their heads Than some that have accus'd them wear their hats. But come, my lord, let's away. Enter HASTINGS, a pursuivant HASTINGS. Go on before; I'll talk with thi
w'st them not. APEMANTUS. Are they not Athenians? TIMON. Yes. APEMANTUS. Then I repent not. JEWELLER. You know me, Apemantus? APEMANTUS. 
t he; the Queen. CLEOPATRA. Saw you my lord? ENOBARBUS. No, lady. CLEOPATRA. Was he not here? CHARMIAN. No, madam. CLEOPATRA. He wa
ee him nod at me. CRESSIDA. Will he give you the nod? PANDARUS. You shall see. CRESSIDA. If he do, the rich shall have more. HECTOR passes PANDARUS. That's Hector, that, that, lo
at you desire me to do it." "I did not say that I desired you to do it." "Then, how can I assist you?" "By advising me as to what I should do w
ISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1606 THE TRAGEDY OF MACBETH by 
h blushing. Maid! JAQUENETTA. Man! ARMADO. I will visit thee at the lodge. JAQUENETTA. That's hereby. ARMAD
 gun of this sort in the house." "The gun was made to conceal. That's why the barrels were sawed. It would fit into any box. How could he swear there was no such gun in the house?" "Well, 
l of thee. Depart. APEMANTUS. I love thee better now than e'er I did. TIMON. I hate thee worse. APEMANTUS. Why? TIMON. Thou flatter'st
g if not critical. DESDEMONA. Come on, assay- There's one gone to the harbor? IAGO. Ay, madam. DESDEMONA. I am not mer
DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR 
DABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED 
d come down with me to Woking to-morrow, by the same train which we took yesterday." I met him accordingly next morning and we traveled down to Woking together. He h
m. So be it! Mar. Illo, ho, ho, my lord! Ham. Hillo, ho, ho, boy! Come, bird, come. Mar. How is't, my noble lord? Hor. What news, my lord? 
be so. PLEBEIANS. It shall be so, it shall be so. CORIOLANUS. YOU common cry of curs, whose breath I hate As reek o' th' rotten 
 The hearers may cry Amen. Marg. God match me with a good dancer! Balth. Amen. Marg. And God keep him out of my sight when the dan
oo'd; She is a woman, therefore may be won; She is Lavinia, therefore must be lov'd. What, man! more water glideth by t
 hear thee, thou wilt anger him. Mer. This cannot anger him. 'Twould anger him To raise a spirit in his mistres
. What do you make of that, Watson?" "Chapter the second, no doubt." "Hardly that, Watson. You will, I am sure, agree with me that if the page be given, the number of the chapter is immaterial. Als
 to send me on; I will fetch you a toothpicker now from the furthest inch of Asia; bring you the length of Prester John's foot; fetch you a hair off the
 complexion above Paris. CRESSIDA. Why, Paris hath colour enough. PANDARUS. So he has. CRESSIDA. Then Troilus should have too much. If she prais'd him ab
E NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT Il.
ell As thou shalt be, if thou didst kill this child. HUBERT. Upon my soul- BASTARD. If thou didst but consent To this most cruel act, do but despair; And if thou want'st a cord, t
sand times blacker. "'It was to see Sarah that he came to my house first, but soon it was to see us, for he was a man with winning ways, and he made friends wherever he went. He was a dashing, swag
oliceman, who may remain in the house with me." "Has he come with you to-night?" "No. His orders were to stay in the house." Again Holmes raved in the air
I did not mean such love. LADY GREY. Why, then you mean not as I thought you did. KING EDWARD. But now you partly may perceive my mind. LADY GREY. My mind will never grant what I perceive Your 
NE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED O
D. That time serves still. APEMANTUS. The more accursed thou that still omit'st it. SECOND LORD. Thou art going to Lord Timon's feast. APEMANTUS. Ay; to see meat fill knaves and wine heat fools. S
ther hath outgrown me far. GLOUCESTER. He hath, my lord. YORK. And therefore is he idle? GLOUCESTER. O, my f
ill be much obliged to you if you will call upon me here, and it will be of help to me in my plans for the future if you will bring Sir Henry Baskerville 
d, if it please your Grace. GLOUCESTER. Then send for one presently. MAYOR. Sirrah, go fetch the beadle hither straight. Exit an attendant GLOUCESTER. Now fetch me a stool hi
clear, I shall be counsel'd. MACBETH. Good repose the while. BANQUO. Thanks, sir, the like to you. Exeunt Banquo. and Fleance. MACBETH. Go bid thy mistress, when my drink is
e. You see that his murderer might have torn the rest of the sheet from him or he might have taken this fragment from the murderer. It
d. The Jove of power make me, most weak, most weak, Your reconciler! Wars 'twixt you twain would be As if the world should 
Master Fang and Master Snare; do me, do me, do me your offices. FALSTAFF. How now! whose mare's dead? What's the matter? FANG. Sir John, I arr
(2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> A
said a more welcome word." "For God's sake, Jack! Oh, for God's sake!" cried poor, distracted Ettie. "Oh, Jack, Jack, he will hurt you!" "Oh, it's Jack, is it?" said Baldwin with
 Exeunt Lady and Nurse. Cap. A jealous hood, a jealous hood! Enter three or four [Fellows, with spits and logs and baskets. W
nour as you have trust in, she your jewel, this your jewel, and my gold are yours- provided I have your commendation for my m
tendant there; look it be done. DESDEMONA. I will, my lord. Exeunt Othello, Lodovico, and Attendants. EMILIA. How goes it now? He looks gentler than he did. DESDEMONA. He says he will return inco
 Constant in spirit, not swerving with the blood, Garnish'd and deck'd in modest complement, Not working with the eye without the ear, And but in purged judgment trusting neither? 
is? Cor. Ay, good my lord. Lear. So young, and so untender? Cor. So young, my lord, and true. Lear. Let it be so! thy truth then be t
 MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED CO
D (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THA
at? CLOWN. The Black Prince, sir; alias, the Prince of Darkness; alias, the devil. LAFEU. Hold thee, there's my purse. I give thee not this to suggest thee from thy master th
AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIM
 CITIZEN. What is your name? SECOND CITIZEN. Whither are you going? THIRD CITIZEN. Where do you dwell? FOURTH CITIZEN. Are you a married man or a ba
s your vizard made without a tongue? LONGAVILLE. I know the reason, lady, why you ask. KATHARINE. O for your reason! Quickly, sir; I long. LONGAVILLE. Yo
score pound a year; whose father died at Hallowmas- was't not at Hallowmas, Master Froth? FROTH. All-hallond eve. POMPEY. Why, very well; I hope here be truths. He, sir, sitting, as I
ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY AN
ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD 
ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR M
ithee. MESSENGER. Madam, She was a widow. CLEOPATRA. Widow? Charmian, hark! MESSENGER. And I do think she's thirty. CLEOPATRA. Bear'st thou
TRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. 
LOUCESTER. What means this noise? Fellow, what miracle dost thou proclaim? TOWNSMAN. A miracle! A miracle! SUFFOLK. Come to the King, and tell him what miracle. T
one? APEMANTUS. Yes. POET. Then I lie not. APEMANTUS. Art not a poet? POET. Yes. APEMANTUS. Then thou liest. Look in thy last work, where thou hast feign'd him a worthy 
E ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE T
And will with all expedience charge on us. KING HENRY. All things are ready, if our minds be so. WESTMORELAND. Perish the man whose mind is backward now! KING HENRY. Thou 
to all the 'orld: I need not be asham'd of your Majesty, praised be Got, so long as your Majesty is an honest m
ECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHI
don, "it has been a pretty business for me! I have lost my thumb and I have lost a fifty-guinea fee, and what have I gained?" "Experience,"
se him well, Kate- it shall please him, Kate. KATHERINE. Den it sall also content me. KING HENRY. Upon that I kiss your hand, and I can you my queen. KATHERINE. Laissez, mon seigneur, laissez, laisse
ing his way he walked straight into your room the instant after you left it. Finding no one there he promptly rang the bell, and at the instant that he did so his eyes cau
AL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD T
. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCI
case." "There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact," he answered, laughing. "Besides, we may chance to hit upon some other obvious facts which may h
urs. Most welcome! Be sprightly, for you fall 'mongst friends. IMOGEN. 'Mongst friends, If brothers. [Aside] Would it had been so that they Had been my father's
EROWNE. Pompey is moved. More Ates, more Ates! Stir them on! stir them on! DUMAIN. Hector will challenge him. BEROWNE. Ay, if 'a have no more man's 
o him. A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman's love, however badly he may have treated her. He would try by a few attentions to make his peace with the girl Ho
ARDOLPH PISTOL NYM ROBIN, page to Falstaff SIMPLE, servant to Slender RUGBY, servant to Doctor Caius MISTRESS FORD MISTRESS PAGE MI
his feet. "You never said a more welcome word." "For God's sake, Jack! Oh, for God's sake!" cried poor, distracted Ettie. "Oh, Jack, Jack, he will hurt you!" "Oh, it's Jack, is it?" said Baldwin wi
protest, the schoolmaster is exceeding fantastical; too too vain, too too vain; but we will put it, a
 or of mirth or anger, Constant in spirit, not swerving with the blood, Garnish'd and deck'd in modest complement, Not working with the eye
n goodness, but greater a great deal in evil. He excels his brother for a coward; yet his brother is reputed one of the best that is. In a retreat he outruns any lackey: 
he King's army COURT, " " " " " WILLIAMS, " " " " " NYM, " " " " " BARDOLPH, " " " " " PISTOL, " " " " " BOY A HERALD CHARLES THE SIXTH, King of France LEWIS, the Dauphin DUKE OF BURGUNDY DUK
RS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE
ou were a little astonished at my sudden frivolity." "Oh, that was it, was it?" "Yes, that was it. Mr. Hugo Oberstein, of 13 Caulfie
ERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD T
HERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY
'Item: She is too liberal.' LAUNCE. Of her tongue she cannot, for that's writ down she is slow of; of her purse she shall not, for that I'll keep shut. Now of another thing she 
ord. Pol. And then, sir, does 'a this- 'a does- What was I about to say? By the mass, I was about to say something
e; I am stifled With the mere rankness of their joy. SECOND GENTLEMAN. You saw The ceremony? THIRD GENTLEMAN. That I did. F
uitors that are already come? PORTIA. I pray thee over-name them; and as thou namest them, I will describe them; and according to my description, level at my affection. 
he afternoon. The word is well cull'd, chose, sweet, and apt, I do assure you, sir, I do assure. ARMADO. Sir, the King is a noble gentleman, and my fami
ajesty's ear, If he would spend his power. God save you, sir. GENTLEMAN. And you. HELENA. Sir, I have seen you in the court of France. GENTLEMAN. I have been s
od for powder. They'll fill a pit as well as better. Tush, man, mortal men, mortal men. West. Ay, but, Sir John, methinks they are exceeding poor and bare- too 
WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR U
OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRI
OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOA
SALIND. Marry, to say she came to seek you there. You shall never take her without her answer, unless you take her wit
, "you're looking at the wrong side!" "On the contrary, this is the right side." "The right side? You're mad! Here is the note written in pencil over here." "And over h
EGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMER
at do you imagine that this poor fellow meant by his last words: 'The Professor--it was she'?" The Professor shook his head. "S
ou gone again? You must be watch'd ere you be made tame, must you? Come your ways, come your ways; an you draw backward, we
een done for the purpose of an alibi. It was Garcia, then, who had an enterprise, and apparently a criminal enterprise, in hand that night in the course of which he met his death. I
. BASSANIO. Have you heard any imputation to the contrary? SHYLOCK. Ho, no, no, no, no; my meaning in saying he is a good man is to have you understand me that he is sufficient; yet his means are 
chair, you say; which chair?" "By the window there." "I see. Near this little table. You can come in now. I have finished with the carpet. Let us take the little table first. Of c
re, where? LORENZO. Here! LAUNCELOT. Tell him there's a post come from my master with his horn full of good news; my master will be here ere morning. Exit LORENZO.
RE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGE
my will. SOMERSET. Judge you, my Lord of Warwick, then, between us. WARWICK. Between two hawks, which flies the higher pitch; Between two dogs,
love. PANDARUS. In good troth, it begins so. [Sings] Love, love, nothing but love, still love, still more! For, oh, love's bow Shoots buck and doe; The shaft confounds
d Yourself into a power tyrannical; For which you are a traitor to the people. CORIOLANUS. How- traitor? MENENIUS. Nay, temperately! Your promise. CORIOLANUS
d all is on the hazard. BRUTUS. Ho, Lucilius! Hark, a word with you. LUCILIUS. [Stands forth.] My lord? Brutus and Lucilius converse apart. CASSIUS. Messala! MESSALA. [Stands for
) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBER
ed guilty deeds to sinners' minds! 'Tybalt is dead, and Romeo- banished.' That 'banished,' that one word 'banished,' Hath slain 
answer me or no; If not, I'll leave him to the officer. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. I answer you! What should I answer you? ANGELO. T
nsists of a double column of drawers with a central small cupboard between them. The drawers were open, the cupboard locked. The drawers, it seems, were always op
 and Marcellus. Mar. Lord Hamlet! Hor. Heaven secure him! Ham. So be it! Mar. Illo, ho, ho, my lord! Ham. Hillo, ho, ho, boy! Come, bird, come. Mar. H
 (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL D
ave responsibility upon myself in doing this. It is most irregular; but of course an agreement is an agreement. I must, however, as 
that hour to a bachelor's house?" "Well, what happened when you did get there?" "I never went." "Mrs. Lyons!" "No, I swear it to you on all I hold sacred. I never went. Something intervened
ot; with acture they may be, Where neither party is nor true nor kind. They sought their shame that so their shame did find; And so much less of shame in me remains By how much of m
ES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES 
PIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLO
 was promis'd them against the feast; but they come not too late now. DORCAS. He hath promis'd you more than that, or there be liars. MOPSA. He hath paid you all he promis'd you. May be 
OPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY 
the conversation may prove more important than the treatise. Incidentally I may tell you that we are doing the reverse of what you very justly blame, and that we are endeavouring to prevent 
es, "whatever you may choose to say will go no further." I nodded to show my agreement. "That is well! That is well!" said he. "Ma
. The time was once when thou unurg'd wouldst vow That never words were music to thine ear, That never object pleasing in thine eye, That never touch well welcome to t
st and wholesom'st spirits of the night Envelop you, good Provost! Who call'd here of late? PROVOST. None, since the curfew rung. DUKE. Not Isabel? PROVOST. No. DUK
e gone. If thou hadst not been born the worst of men, Thou hadst been a knave and flatterer. APEMANTUS. Art thou proud yet? TIMON. Ay, that I am not thee. APEMANTUS. I, that I wa
gs. Bene. And therefore will come. Exit Margaret. [Sings] The god of love, That sits above And knows me, and knows me, How pi
 she said, was no goddess, that had put such difference betwixt their two estates; Love no god, that would not extend his might only where qualities were level; Diana no queen of virgins, that would 
ore, because I would not fall out with thee. Go thy ways; let my horses be well look'd to, without any tricks. CLOWN. If I put any tricks upon
able. A good wit will make use of anything. I will turn diseases to commodity. Exit SCENE III. York. The ARCHBISHOP'S palace Enter the ARCHBISHOP, THOMAS MOWBRAY t
 SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION
 Saint Edmundsbury; Even on that altar where we swore to you Dear amity and everlasting love. SALISBURY. May this be possible? May this be true? MELUN. Have I not hideous death within my view, 
ED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION
rtain'd A fox to be the shepherd of thy lambs. Alas, poor fool, why do I pity him That with his very heart despiseth me? Because he loves her, he despiseth me; Because 
, or men, who have taken him." "It is a princely offer," said Holmes. "Watson, I think that we shall accompany Dr. Huxtable back to the North of England. And now, Dr. Huxtable, when you have consum
'd and stood between Much heat and him. I'll silence me even here. Pray you be round with him. Ham. (within) Mother, mother, mother! Queen. I'll warran
live, Shall give him such an unaccustom'd dram That he shall soon keep Tybalt company; And then I hope thou wilt be satisfied. Jul. Indeed I never shall be satisfied With 
ISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY 
at let forth thy life I pour the helpless balm of my poor eyes. O, cursed be the hand that made these holes! Cursed the heart that had the heart to 
r reach, was the broad, rounded back of Milverton. It was evident that we had entirely miscalculated his movements, that he had never been to his bedroom, but that he had been sitt
them thee. Thou art some fool; I am loath to beat thee. CLOTEN. Thou injurious thief, Hear but my name, and tremble. GUIDERIUS. What's thy name? CLOTEN. Cloten, thou villain. GUIDERIUS. C
lind," said Lestrade, who had sat listening with some impatience to the conversation. "A very singular one. That is objection No. 1. Objection No. 2: We will suppose that he reaches Lon
ct Which the proud soul ne'er pays but to the proud. Wor. Our house, my sovereign liege, little deserves The scourge of greatness to be us'd on it- And that same greatness too which our own hands H
ould know nothing about it. I would only ask this. What do you imagine that this poor fellow meant by his last words: 'The Professor--it was she'?" The Professor
ght there; and then Frank went off to seek his fortune, and I went back to pa. "The next I heard of Frank was that he was in Montana, and then he went prospecting in Arizona, and then I he
war Shall stain your brother. Make your soonest haste; So your desires are yours. OCTAVIA. Thanks to my lord. The Jove of power make me, most weak, most weak, Your reconciler! Wars 'twixt you
 let's to-night Be bounteous at our meal. Enter three or four servitors Give me thy hand, Thou has been rightly honest. So hast thou; Thou, and thou, and thou. You h
 world should look into your moan, And mock you with me after I am gone. 72 O lest the world should t
ND MESSENGER. Fulvia thy wife is dead. ANTONY. Where died she? SECOND MESSENGER. In Sicyon. Her length of sickness, with what else m
ealous for the cause, But jealous for they are jealous. 'Tis a monster Begot upon itself, born on itself. DESDEMONA. Heaven keep that monster from Othello'
m! PATROCLUS. I come from the worthy Achilles- THERSITES. Ha! PATROCLUS. Who most humbly desires you to invite Hector to his tent- THERSITES. Hum! PATROCLUS. And to procure safe conduct from Ag
a man. ARCHIDAMUS. Would they else be content to die? CAMILLO. Yes; if there were no other excuse why they should desire to live. ARCHIDAMUS. If the King had n
No, not all these, thrice gorgeous ceremony, Not all these, laid in bed majestical, Can sleep so soundly as the wretched slave Who, with a body fill'd and vacant mind, Gets him to re
summer more willing than we your lordship. TIMON. [Aside] Nor more willingly leaves winter; such summer-birds are men- Gentlemen, our
m'd, let all the world say no, I'll keep mine own despite of all the world. TRANIO. That by degrees we mean to look into And watch our vantage in this b
er right. CORIOLANUS. Menenius ever, ever. HERALD. Give way there, and go on. CORIOLANUS. [To his wife and mother] Your hand, and yours. Ere in our own house
hem cover the table, serve in the meat, and we will come in to dinner. LAUNCELOT. For the table, sir, it shall be serv'd in; for the meat, s
TMORELAND PRINCE JOHN. Now, have you left pursuit? WESTMORELAND. Retreat is made, and execution stay'd. PRINCE JOHN. Send Colville, with h
. My dear lord- TIMON. What if it should be so? FLAMINIUS. My lord- TIMON. I'll have it so. My steward
his hands. Why should I preserve faith with him who never kept any with me? Why should I try to shield him from the consequences of his 
ay fortune. SOOTHSAYER. Your fortunes are alike. IRAS. But how, but how? Give me particulars. SOOTHSAYER. I have said. IRAS. Am I no
elieve that he is coming here," said Holmes, rubbing his hands. "Here?" "Yes; I rather think he is coming to consult me prof
the two, or one of the four. ARMADO. Tell me precisely of what complexion. MOTH. Of the sea-water green, sir. ARMADO. Is that one of the fo
r. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Why, thou didst conclude hairy men plain dealers without wit. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. The plainer dealer, the sooner lost
is this cloak of? SIMPCOX. Red, master; red as blood. GLOUCESTER. Why, that's well said. What colour is my gown of? SIMPCOX. Black, forsooth; coal-black as jet. KING HENRY. Why, then, thou know
nter ENOBARBUS ENOBARBUS. What's your pleasure, sir? ANTONY. I must with haste from hence. ENOBARBUS. Why, then we kill all our women. We see how mortal an unkindness is to them; if they 
e do, Enobarbus? ENOBARBUS. Think, and die. CLEOPATRA. Is Antony or we in fault for this? ENOBARBUS. Antony only, that would make h
 be dry. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. If it be, sir, I pray you eat none of it. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Your r
r heart! If you spite it for my sake, I will spite it for yours, for I will never love that which my friend hates. Bene. Thou and I
O, what men dare do! what men may do! what men daily do, not knowing what they do! Bene. How now? interjections? Why then, some be of laughing,
t that I am beaten. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Shall I tell you why? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Ay, sir, and wherefore; for they say every why hath a wherefore. ANTIPHOLUS O
VIOLA. And you, sir. AGUECHEEK. Dieu vous garde, monsieur. VIOLA. Et vous aussi; votre serviteur. AGUECHEEK. I hope, sir, you are; and I am yours. SIR TOBY. Will yo
t nobody can match. SECOND LORD. [Aside] You are cock and capon too; and you crow, cock, with your comb on. CLOTEN. Sayest thou? SECOND LORD. It is not 
pon. GRUMIO. Ay, but the mustard is too hot a little. KATHERINA. Why then the beef, and let the mustard rest. GRUMIO. Nay, then I will not; you shall have the mustard,
 we have put thee in countenance. HOLOFERNES. You have put me out of countenance. BEROWNE. False: we have given thee faces. HOLOFE
end you as his enemy. KING HENRY. But did you never swear, and break an oath? SECOND KEEPER. No, never such an oath; nor will not now. KING HENRY. Where did you dw
 suggest me still, The better angel is a man right fair: The worser spirit a woman coloured ill. To win me soon to hell my female evil, Tempteth my better angel from
, I would not tell you on compulsion. Give you a reason on compulsion? If reasons were as plentiful as blackberries, I would give no man a reason upon compulsion, I. Prince. I'll 
. Ay, but this answer will not serve. FLAVIUS. If 'twill not serve, 'tis not so base as you, For you serve knaves. Exit FIRS
 may have time to make a few inquiries." These few inquiries proved, however, to be a more lengthy proceeding than Holmes had imagined, for he did not return to the inn until near
and in my shape. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Thou hast thine own form. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. No, I am an ape. LUCIA
hat I did for him. MACBETH. Thou art the best o' the cut-throats! Yet he's good That did the like for Fleance. If thou didst it, Thou art the non
e presently When I shall pray 'O, bless my lord and husband!' Undo that prayer by crying out as loud 'O, bless my brother!' Husband win, win brother, Prays,
 Come to one mark, as many ways meet in one town, As many fresh streams meet in one salt sea, As many lines
st called your attention to the advertisement--how long had he been with you?" "About a month then." "How did he come?" "In answer to an advertisement." 
irs. By'r Lady, you fought fair; so did you, Peto; so did you, Bardolph. You are lions too, you ran away upon instinct, you will not touch the true princ
t then, that we may account thee a whoremaster and a knave; which notwithstanding, thou shalt be no less esteemed. VARRO'S SERVANT. What is a whoremaster, fo
 that she is well. She's not well married that lives married long, But she's best married that dies married young. Dry up your tears and stick your rosemary On this fair corse, and,
t be glad to shake you by the hand." "Thank you!" said Holmes. "Thank you!" and as he turned away it seemed to me that he was more nearly moved by the softer h
 worst of it, Mr. Holmes, I don't know." "Where did he live, then?" "He slept on the premises." "And you don't know his address?" "No--except that it was Leadenhall Street." "Where did you
r hands cut off, and her tongue cut out, and ravish'd DEMETRIUS. So, now go tell, an if thy tongue can speak, Who 'twas that cut thy tongue and ravish'd thee. CHIRON. Write down thy mind, bewray th
at in this business and maintain this war? Have I not heard these islanders shout out 'Vive le roi!' as I have bank'd their towns? Have I not h
 criminal, you may be sure of that. Be frank with me, and we may do some good. Play tricks with me, and I'll crush you." "What do you wish me to do?" 
touches Caesar nearer. Read it, great Caesar. CAESAR. What touches us ourself shall be last served. ARTEMIDORUS. Delay not, Caesar; read it instantly. CAESAR. What, is the fellow mad? PUB
faults of fools but folly. COMINIUS. Ever right. CORIOLANUS. Menenius ever, ever. HERALD. Give way there, and go on. CORIOLANUS. [To his wife and moth
ir, into the lobby. King. Go seek him there. [To Attendants.] Ham. He will stay till you come. [Exeunt Attendants.] King. Hamlet, this deed, for thine especial safety,- Which we do tender as we dearl
 did you not?" "Yes, father, I delivered it." "Into his own hands?" I asked. "Well, he was up in the loft at the time, so that I could not put it into his own ha
DILE. List to your tribunes. Audience! peace, I say! CORIOLANUS. First, hear me speak. BOTH TRIBUNES. Well, say. Peace, ho! CORIOLANUS. Shall I be charg'd
irit. No, heaven forfend! I would not kill thy soul. DESDEMONA. Talk you of killing? OTHELLO. Ay, I do. DESDEMONA. Then heaven have mercy on me! OTHELLO. Amen, with all my heart! DE
on the case. ADRIANA. What, is he arrested? Tell me, at whose suit? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. I know not at whose suit he is arrested well; But he's in a suit of buff which '
 you run mad, seeing that she is well. She's not well married that lives married long, But she's best married that dies married young. Dry up your tears and st
esh. What's that good for? SHYLOCK. To bait fish withal. If it will feed nothing else, it will feed my revenge. He hath di
E. That which upholdeth him that thee upholds, His honour. O, thine honour, Lewis, thine honour! LEWIS. I muse your Majesty
mself. Certainly the Jew is the very devil incarnation; and, in my conscience, my conscience is but a kind of hard conscience to offer to counsel me to stay with the Jew. The fiend gives
received by Garcia at the dinner. It indicates a confederate at the other end. Now, where was the other end? I have already shown you that
ALA. Cicero is dead, And by that order of proscription. Had you your letters from your wife, my lord? BRUTUS. No, Messala. MESSALA. Nor nothing in your letters writ of her? BRUTUS. Nothing, Messala.
STER. 'Tis figur'd in my tongue. ANNE. I fear me both are false. GLOUCESTER. Then never was man true. ANNE. well put up your sword. GLOUCESTER. Say, then, my peace is made. ANNE. Tha
t have their course. [Sheathes his sword] BARDOLPH. Corporal Nym, an thou wilt be friends, be friends; an thou wilt not, why then be enemies with me too.
clus is a fool. ACHILLES. Derive this; come. THERSITES. Agamemnon is a fool to offer to command Achilles; Achilles is a fool to be commanded of Agamemnon; 
stard too; I love bastards. I am a bastard begot, bastard instructed, bastard in mind, bastard in valour, in every
 praise. MOTH. I will praise an eel with the same praise. ARMADO. that an eel is ingenious? MOTH. That an eel is quick. ARMADO. 
r my short date of breath Is not so long as is a tedious tale. Romeo, there dead, was husband to that Juliet; And she, there dead, that Ro
there's not a hair on 's head but 'tis a Valentine. PROTEUS. Valentine? VALENTINE. No. PROTEUS. Who then? his spirit? VALENTINE. Neither. PROTEUS. What then?
he vengeance of his comrades. It was part of their fiendish system to punish those whom they feared or hated by injuring not only their own persons but those whom th
stication, I cannot scratch mine ear. Prithee, tell her but worky-day fortune. SOOTHSAYER. Your fortunes are alike. IRAS. But how, but how? Give me particulars. SOOTHSAYER. I have said. IRAS.
 find: there's not a hair on 's head but 'tis a Valentine. PROTEUS. Valentine? VALENTINE. No. PROTEUS. Who then? his spirit? VALENTINE. Neither. 
STOL. As manhood shall compound: push home. [PISTOL and Nym draw] BARDOLPH. By this sword, he that makes the first thrust I'll kill him; by this sword, I will. PISTOL. Sword is an oa
, Praying for both parts. The good gods will mock me presently When I shall pray 'O, bless my lord and husband!' Undo that prayer by crying out as loud 'O, bless my brother!' Husband win, win bro
rnoon, which told us of your discovery." "I must see the Duke, Mr. Wilder." "But he is in his room." "Then I must go to his room." "I believe he is in his bed
ting terms for harpooners who would serve under Captain Basil--and behold the result!" "Wonderful!" cried Hopkins. "Wonderful!" "You must obtain the release of young Neligan
nter HOST, SHALLOW, SLENDER, and PAGE HOST. Bless thee, bully doctor! SHALLOW. Save you, Master Doctor Caius! PAGE. Now, good Master Doctor! SLENDER. Give you good morrow,
er. If she lives till doomsday, she'll burn week longer than the whole world. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. What complexion is she of? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Swart
 please to call it a rush-candle, Henceforth I vow it shall be so for me. PETRUCHIO. I say it is the moon. KATHERINA. I know it is the moo
e. When he saw my white face he gave a little chirrup of joy and came running up towards me. "'Your protection, Sahib,' he panted,--'your protection for the unhappy merchant Achmet. I have travelled
s vizard half. KATHARINE. 'Veal' quoth the Dutchman. Is not 'veal' a calf? LONGAVILLE. A calf, fair lady! KATHARINE. No, a fair lord calf. LONGAVILLE. Let's part the word. KATHARINE. No
proves thee far and wide a broad goose. Mer. Why, is not this better now than groaning for love? Now art thou sociable, now art thou Romeo; now art thou what thou art, by art as well as by nature. 
NT. Reason: because they then less need one another. The wars for my money. I hope to see Romans as cheap as Volscians. They are rising, they are rising. BOTH. In, in, in, in! Exeunt SCENE VI. Ro
me, And say which grain will grow and which will not, Speak then to me, who neither beg nor fear Your favors nor your hate. FIRST WITCH. Hail! SECOND WITCH. Hail! T
l about the test telegram, which you sent from London in order to make sure that Barrymore was really here. I have already explained that the testimony of the postmaster shows that the test
villain-like he lies. Call by thy trumpet. He that dares approach, On him, on you, who not? I will maintain My truth and honour firmly. Alb. A herald, ho! Edm. A herald, ho, a herald! Alb. Trust
 she; And she again wants nothing, to name want, If want it be not that she is not he. He is the half part of a blessed man, Left to be finished by such as she; And she a fair divi
CASSIO. Madam, I'll take my leave. DESDEMONA. Nay, stay and hear me speak. CASSIO. Madam, not now. I am ve
nd then you'll be all right. Put your head up agin me like that, and then you'll feel bullier. It ain'
ou depend upon him, I mean? SERVANT. Sir, I do depend upon the lord. PANDARUS. You depend upon a notable gentl
ou shall know, Victor. I'll see that you shall know, come what may. You wouldn't believe harm of your po
g willow, willow, willow; Her salt tears fell from her, and soften'd the stones-" Lay be these- [Sings.] "Sing willo
re. VALENTINE. What figure? SPEED. By a letter, I should say. VALENTINE. Why, she hath not writ to me. SPEED. What need she, when she hath m
ycle may have been a blind. It may have been hidden somewhere and the pair gone off on foot." "Quite so; but it seems rather an absurd bl
ELAUS. I'll give you boot; I'll give you three for one. CRESSIDA. You are an odd man; give even or give none. MENELAUS
ing ship?" "Yes, sir." "What wages?" "Eight pounds a month." "Could you start at once?" "As soon as I get my kit." "Have you your papers?" "Yes, sir." He took a sheaf of worn and greasy forms fro
very best. Shut the door. There comes no swaggerers here; I have not liv'd all this while to have swaggering now. Shut the door, I pray you. FALSTAFF. Dost thou h
ffair." "Mr. Holmes, I will tell you everything," cried the lady. "Oh, Mr. Holmes, I would cut off my right hand befo
ken out of the chest and were not there when I recovered it. "After we had counted our treasures we put them back into the chest and carried them to the gate-way to show the
ls. Then how or which way should they first break in? PUCELLE. Question, my lords, no further of the case, How or which way; 'tis s
husband now? Where be thy brothers? Where be thy two sons? Wherein dost thou joy? Who sues, and kneels, and says 'God save the Queen'? Where be the bending peer
teous niggard why dost thou abuse, The bounteous largess given thee to give? Profitless usurer why dost thou use So great a sum of sums yet canst not live? Fo
 all together! It's giving! It's giving! Ah, that does it at last." With a united effort we tore off the coffin
ed! Who is not Lord Timon's? What heart, head, sword, force, means, but is Lord Timon's? Great Timon, noble, worthy, royal Timon!' Ah! when the means are gone that 
thing, my lord. Lear. Nothing? Cor. Nothing. Lear. Nothing can come of nothing. Speak again. Cor. Unhappy that I am, I cannot heave My heart into my mouth. I love your Majesty
us; nor the lawyer's, which is politic; nor the lady's, which is nice; nor the lover's, which is all these; but it is a melancholy of mine own, compounded of
ou, my lord. Exit KING RICHARD. Catesby! CATESBY. My lord? KING RICHARD. Send out a pursuivant-at-arms To Stanley's regiment; bid him bring his p
 what is all this? Bad business! Bad business! Stern facts here,--no room for theories. How lucky tha
 complete my theory. But I'll have them, Watson, I'll have them!" His eyes kindled and a slight flush sprang into his thin cheeks. For an instant the veil had lifted upon his keen, intense nature, b
ut to make me the King's brother-in-law. CLOWN. Indeed, brother-in-law was the farthest off you could have been
a narrow neck between. Halloa! halloa! halloa! what have we here?" We had come on a small black ribbon of pathway. In the middle of it, clearly marked on the sodden soil, was the track of a bicycle
dily be stopp'd. Re-enter YOUNG CLIFFORD YOUNG CLIFFORD. But that my heart's on future mischief set, I wo
inia Follows me everywhere, I know not why. Good uncle Marcus, see how swift she comes! Alas, sweet aunt, I know not what you mean. MARCUS. Stand by me, Lucius; do not fe
you. Go, your servants tend. Laer. Farewell, Ophelia, and remember well What I have said to you. Oph. 'Tis in my memory lock'd, And you yourself shall keep the key of it. Laer. Farewel
eet aunt, be quiet; 'twas against her will. DUCHESS. Against her will, good King? Look to 't in time; 
r enigma? FOURTH CITIZEN. You have been a scourge to her enemies; you have been a rod to her friends. You have not indeed loved the
ach her not thus to lay Such violent hands upon her tender life. TITUS. How now! Has sorrow made thee dote already? Why, Marcus, no man should be mad but I. What violent hands can she
hath seen very hot service. Lend me thy hand, I'll help thee. Come, lend me thy hand. [Helping him up] AUTOLYCUS. O, good sir, tenderly, O! CLOWN. Alas, poor
rk Flourish. Enter KING HENRY, QUEEN MARGARET, the PRINCE OF WALES, CLIFFORD, NORTHUMBERLAND, with drum and trumpets QUEEN MARGARET. Welcome, my lord, 
lf. DESDEMONA. Shall I deny you? No. Farewell, my lord. OTHELLO. Farewell, my Desdemona; I'll come to thee straight. DESDEM
 Nightwork alive? FALSTAFF. She lives, Master Shallow. SHALLOW. She never could away with me. FALSTAFF. Never, never; she would always say she could not abide Master Shallow
E. Tear him to pieces. Do it presently. He kill'd my son. My daughter. He kill'd my cousin Marcus. He kill'd my father. SECOND LORD. Peace, ho! No outrage- peace
to you, Ettie, you'll come back to me on your knees--d'ye hear, girl?--on your knees--and then I'll tell you what your punishment may be. You've sowed--and by th
eer his Grace with quick and merry eyes. QUEEN ELIZABETH. If he were dead, what would betide on me? GREY. No other harm but loss of such a lord. QUEEN ELIZABE
uba. 1. Play. 'But who, O who, had seen the mobled queen-' Ham. 'The mobled queen'? Pol. That's good! 'Mobled queen' is good. 1. Play. 'Run barefoot up
to fill the scene. Where is thy husband now? Where be thy brothers? Where be thy two sons? Wherein dost thou
dly." "You see you begin, 'Whereas, at about a quarter to one on Tuesday morning an attempt was made,' and so on. It was at a quarter to twelve, as a matter of fact." I was pai
That horse that I so carefully have dress'd! KING RICHARD. Rode he on Barbary? Tell me, gentle friend, How went he under him? GROOM. So proudly as if he disdain'd the ground. KING RICHARD. So proud 
complaint Against my child, my daughter Hermia. Stand forth, Demetrius. My noble lord, This man hath my consent to marry her. Stand forth, Lysander. And, my gracious Duke, This m
'st true, lad- and is not my hostess of the tavern a most sweet wench? Prince. As the honey of Hybla, my old lad of the castle- and is not a buff jerkin a most sweet robe of dura
than the town? FORD. Now, sir, who's a cuckold now? Master Brook, Falstaff's a knave, a cuckoldly knave; here are his horns, Master Brook; and, Master Brook, he hath e
tain? HOLOFERNES. Or mons, the hill. ARMADO. At your sweet pleasure, for the mountain. HOLOFERNES. I do, sans question. ARMADO. Sir, it is the King's most sweet pleasure and affection to congra
ited to see if there was an answer." "Well, was there?" "Yes, sir. He wrote an answer." "Did you take it?" "No; he took it himself." "But he wrote it in your presence?" "Yes, sir. 
 liable, Sweat in this business and maintain this war? Have I not heard these islanders shout out 'Vive le roi!' as I have bank'd their towns? Have I not here the best cards for 
l, thou whoreson obscene greasy tallow-catch- Fal. What, art thou mad? art thou mad? Is not the truth the t
some coal-black, For the deposing of a rightful king. Enter NORTHUMBERLAND attended NORTHUMBERLAND. My lord, the mind of Bolingbroke is chang'd; You must to Pomfret, not unto 
the almanac of my true date. What now? How chance thou art return'd so soon? DROMIO OF EPHESUS. Return'd so soon! rather approach'd too
erate lamentation is the right of the dead: excessive grief the enemy to the living. COUNTESS. If the living be enemy to the grief, the excess makes it soon mortal. BERTRAM. Madam, I des
ill away again from me to you. Ham. What man dost thou dig it for? Clown. For no man, sir. Ham. What woman then? Clown. For none neither. Ham. Who is to be buried in't? Clown. One that wa
come, now, come! Never be ashamed to own up. But what is all this? Bad business! Bad business! Stern facts he
many pocky corses now-a-days that will scarce hold the laying in, I will last you some eight year or nine year. A tanner will last you nine year. Ham. Why he more than another? Clown. Why, s
heriff's post, and be the supporter to a bench, but he'll speak with you. OLIVIA. What kind o' man is he? MALVOLIO. Why, of mankind. OLIVIA. What manner of man? MALVOLIO. Of very ill manner; h
ubble, A queen in jest, only to fill the scene. Where is thy husband now? Where be thy brothers? Where be thy two sons? Wherein dost thou joy? Who sues, and kneels, and says 'God save th
s, Like to my followers in prosperity, Thou dost beguile me! Was this face the face That every day under his household roof Did keep ten thousand men? Was this the face That like the sun did
For the whole state, I would put mine armour on, Which I can scarcely bear. CORIOLANUS. What must I do? MENENIUS. Return to th' tribunes. CORIOLANUS. Well, what the
ve. HELENA. O that my prayers could such affection move! HERMIA. The more I hate, the more he follows me. HELENA. The more I love, the more he hateth me. HERMIA. His folly, Helena, is no faul
self with blushing. Maid! JAQUENETTA. Man! ARMADO. I will visit thee at the lodge. JAQUENETTA. That's hereby. ARMADO. I know where it is situate. JAQUENETTA. Lord, how wise you are! ARMADO
r you. SHALLOW. Davy! DAVY. Your worship! I'll be with you straight. [To BARDOLPH] A cup of wine, sir? SILENCE. [Singing] A cup of wine that's brisk a
rat without a tail, I'll do, I'll do, and I'll do. SECOND WITCH. I'll give thee a wind. FIRST WITCH. Thou'rt kind. THIRD WITCH. And I another. FIRST WITCH. I myself have al
' Which word thou shalt no sooner bless mine ear withal but I will tell thee aloud 'England is thine, Ireland is thine, France is thine, and Henry Plantagenet is thine'; who, thou
olmes," she said, and her white-gloved hands clasped and unclasped as she spoke--"I will speak frankly to you in the hope that it may induce you to speak frankly in return. There is c
laudio is condemned for untrussing. Farewell, good friar; I prithee pray for me. The Duke, I say to thee again, would eat mutton on Fridays. He's not past it yet; and, I say to thee, he woul
t the paper in his pocket. "'There is one other detail,' said he. 'What do you intend to do about Mawson's?' "I had forgotten all about Mawson's in my joy. 'I'll writ
le Titus, spare my first-born son. TITUS. Patient yourself, madam, and pardon me. These are their brethren, whom your Goths beheld Alive and dead; and for their brethren sl
rments he has left with thee; if this be a horseman's coat, it hath seen very hot service. Lend me thy hand, I'll help thee. Come, lend me thy hand. [Helping him up] AUTOLYCUS. O, good 
 done; it ish give over; I would have blowed up the town, so Chrish save me, la, in an hour. O, tish ill done, tish ill done; by my hand, tish ill done! FLUELLEN. Captain Macmorris, I b
 from her nest the lapwing cries away; My heart prays for him, though my tongue do curse. Enter DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. DROMIO OF SYRA
ugh fight. LENNOX. My young remembrance cannot parallel A fellow to it. Re-enter Macduff. MACDUFF. O horror, horror, horror! Tongue nor heart 
so it cannot be denied but peace is a great maker of cuckolds. FIRST SERVANT. Ay, and it makes men hate one another. THIRD SERVANT. Reason: because they then less need one another. The wars for my mo
ould give an eye to boot. CRESSIDA. Here comes more. Common soldiers pass PANDARUS. Asses, fools, dolts! chaff and bran, chaff and bran! porridge after meat! I could live and d
o men to Datchet Mead. MRS. FORD. He's too big to go in there. What shall I do? FALSTAFF. [Coming forward] Let me see 't, let me see 't. O, let me see 't! I'll
 to my quick curses! Though not by war, by surfeit die your king, As ours by murder, to make him a king! Edward thy son, that now is Prince of Wales, For Edward our son, that was Prince of Wal
e Justice, SHALLOW'S house Enter SHALLOW and SILENCE, meeting; MOULDY, SHADOW, WART, FEEBLE, BULLCALF, and servants behind SHALLOW. Come on, come on, come on; g
 les oeuvres. [Dies] YORK. Thus war hath given thee peace, for thou art still. Peace with his soul, heaven, if it be thy will! Exit Enter YOUNG CLIFFORD YOUNG CLIFFORD. Shame and
lass! Here's another letter to her. She bears the purse too; she is a region in Guiana, all gold and bounty. I will be cheaters to them both, and they shall be exchequers to me; they shall be my East
s begot. KING JOHN. Go, Faulconbridge; now hast thou thy desire: A landless knight makes thee a landed squire. Come, madam, and come, Richard, we must speed For France, for France, for it is more tha
 there." "And I say east," said my patient. "I am for west," remarked the plain-clothes man. "There are several quiet little villages up there." "And I am for north," said I, "because there
THERSITES. Nay, look upon him. ACHILLES. So I do. What's the matter? THERSITES. Nay, but regard him well. ACHILLES. Well! why, so I do. THERSITES. But yet you look not well upon him; 
say there is no sin but to be rich; And being rich, my virtue then shall be To say there is no vice but
ET, PRINCE OF WALES, and EXETER PRINCE OF WALES. Fly, father, fly; for all your friends are fled, And Warwick rages like a chafed bull. Away!
ithin LUCE. [Within] What a coil is there, Dromio? Who are those at the gate? DROMIO OF EPHESUS. Let my master in, Luce. LUCE. [Within] Faith, no
rling words, my lord. Ham. I am sorry they offend you, heartily; Yes, faith, heartily. Hor. There's no offence, my lord. Ham. Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, H
vil?" "No, I don't say that," said Holmes, and his eyes seemed to be looking far into the future. "I don't say that he can't be be
n your ways; open your mouth; here is that which will give language to you, cat. Open your mouth; this will shake your shaking, I can tell you, and that soundly; you cannot tell
Don John the Prince's brother was a villain. Dog. Write down Prince John a villain. Why, this is flat perjury, to call a prince's brother vi
with madness. Make not impossible That which but seems unlike: 'tis not impossible But one, the wicked'st caitiff on the ground, May seem as shy, as grave, as just, as absolute, As Angelo; even s
o; They are not ever jealous for the cause, But jealous for they are jealous. 'Tis a monster Begot upon itself, born on itself. DESDEMONA. Heaven k
I did kill King Henry- But 'twas thy beauty that provoked me. Nay, now dispatch; 'twas I that stabb'd young Edward- But 'twas thy heavenly face that set me 
RD. No egma, no riddle, no l'envoy; no salve in the mail, sir. O, sir, plantain, a plain plantain; no l'envoy, no l'envoy; no
re, most gracious liege. KING RICHARD. Norfolk, we must have knocks; ha! must we not? NORFOLK. We must both give and take, my loving lord. KING RICHARD. Up With 
ssion with me. I cared nothing for the law,--nothing for the gallows. To escape, to track down Sholto, to have my hand upon his throat,--that was 
of fortune. Use me well; You shall have ransom. Let me have a surgeon; I am cut to th' brains. Gent. You shall have anyt
d upon your lap? Oph. Ay, my lord. Ham. Do you think I meant country matters? Oph. I think nothing, my lord. Ham. That's a fair thought to lie between maids' legs. Oph. What is, my lord? Ham. N
air is of the dissembling colour. CELIA. Something browner than Judas's. Marry, his kisses are Judas's own children. ROSALIND. I' faith, his hair is of a good colour. CELIA. An
ts, and that's the affairs of the Scowrers." "Why, I seem to have read of the Scowrers in Chicago. A gang of murderers, 
e's the villainy. GRUMIO. Error i' th' bill, sir; error i' th' bill! I commanded the sleeves should be cut out, and sew'
at's his reason? I am a Jew. Hath not a Jew eyes? Hath not a Jew hands, organs, dimensions, senses, a
down the basket] CLEOPATRA. Farewell. CLOWN. You must think this, look you, that the worm will do his kind. CLEOPATRA. Ay, ay; farewell. CLOWN. Look you, the worm is not to be trusted but in th
 procur'd, Set down by th' poll? AEDILE. I have; 'tis ready. SICINIUS. Have you corrected them by tribes? AEDILE. I have. SICINIUS. Assemble presently the people hither; And
reverse, thy distance, thy montant. Is he dead, my Ethiopian? Is he dead, my Francisco? Ha, bully! What says my Aesculapius? my Galen? my heart of elde
bservant young lady we have come upon. Who would have believed it? Who would have ever believed it?' He spoke in a jesting tone, but there was no jest in his eyes as he 
hepherd? CORIN. No, truly. TOUCHSTONE. Then thou art damn'd. CORIN. Nay, I hope. TOUCHSTONE. Truly, thou art damn'd, like an ill-roasted egg, all on one side. CORIN. For not be
s merely the shadow of a dream. Ham. A dream itself is but a shadow. Ros. Truly, and I hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that it is but a shadow's shadow. Ham. 
enry King of England, &c. KING. Here. SCRIBE. Say 'Katharine Queen of England, come into the court.' CRIER. Katharine Queen 
er, that foul bunch-back'd toad! QUEEN MARGARET. I Call'd thee then vain flourish of my fortune; I call'd thee then poor shadow, painted queen
 command the devil. Hot. And I can teach thee, coz, to shame the devil- By telling truth. Tell truth and shame the devil. If thou have power to raise him, bring him hither, And I'll be
ing; I warrant you, he's an infinitive thing upon my score. Good Master Fang, hold him sure. Good Master Snare, let him not scape. 'A comes continuantly to Pie-corner
You have great reason to do Richard right; Especially for those occasions At Eltham Place I told your Majesty. KING HENRY. And those occasions, uncle, were of force; Therefore, my 
LLO. With her? IAGO. With her, on her, what you will. OTHELLO. Lie with her! lie on her! We say lie on her, when they belie her. Lie with her! 'Zo
e hanged. SON. And must they all be hanged that swear and lie? LADY MACDUFF. Everyone. SON. Who must hang them? LADY MACDUFF. Why, the honest men. SON. Then the liars and swearers
tance, You have great reason to do Richard right; Especially for those occasions At Eltham Place I told your Majesty. KING HENRY. And those occasions, uncle, were of
. BRUTUS. He thinks he still is at his instrument. Lucius, awake! LUCIUS. My lord? BRUTUS. Didst thou dream, Lucius, that thou so criedst out? LUCIUS. My lord, I do not know that I did cry. BRUTUS.
meet; but mountains may be remov'd with earthquakes, and so encounter. ROSALIND. Nay, but who is it? CELIA. Is it possible? ROSALIND. Nay, I prithee now, with most pet
gical. Withdraw thee, wretched Margaret. Who comes here? [Retires] Enter QUEEN ELIZABETH and the DUCHESS OF YORK QUEEN ELIZABETH. Ah, my poor princes! ah
 than you can deny. Prince John is this morning secretly stol'n away. Hero was in this manner accus'd, in this manner refus'd, and upon the grief of this suddenly died. 
liar; Love is a devil. There is no evil angel but Love. Yet was Samson so tempted, and he had an excellent strength; yet was Solomon so seduced, and he had a very good wit. Cupid's butt-shaft is to
admit no traffic to our adverse towns; Nay, more: if any born at Ephesus Be seen at any Syracusian marts and fairs; Again, if any Syracusian born Come to the bay o
ything like it. The man has been branded at some time as they brand cattle. What is the meaning of this?" "I don't profess to know the meaning of it," sa
tarve! For I shall never hold that man my friend Whose tongue shall ask me for one penny cost To ransom home revolted Mortimer. Hot. Revolted Mortimer? 
re is another comfort than this world, That thou neglect me not with that opinion That I am touch'd with madness. Make not impossible That which but seems unlike: 'tis not impossible Bu
Well then, go you into hell? Beat. No; but to the gate, and there will the devil meet me like an old cuckold with horns on his head, and say 'Get you to heaven, Beatrice, get you to heaven. Here
 you mar no more trees with writing love songs in their barks. ORLANDO. I pray you mar no more of my verses with reading them ill-favouredly. JAQUES. Rosalind is your love's name? ORLA
to Mr. Barrymore exactly as directed." "Who delivered it?" "My boy here. James, you delivered that telegram to Mr. Barrymore at the Hall last week, did yo
oice? FIRST SOLDIER. No, sir, I warrant you. SECOND LORD. But what linsey-woolsey has thou to speak to us again? FIRST SOLDIER. E'en such as you speak to me. SECOND 
ll. But you don't think so, gentlemen? Surely you don't think that it was I? Is it likely that I would have brou
d sings. An old hare hoar, And an old hare hoar, Is very good meat in Lent; But a hare that is hoar Is too much for a score W
ograph. And she will do it. I know that she will do it. You do not know her, but she has a soul of steel. She has the face of the most beautiful
ou hear this? FIRST SOLDIER. Ay; is't not strange? THIRD SOLDIER. Do you hear, masters? Do you hear? FIRST SOLDIER. Follow the noise so far as we 
om quarter to eleven, when the sound of the shot brought them down, until quarter past eleven, when they rang the bell and summoned the servants. What were they doing, and why did the
et me plead for gentle Suffolk! KING HENRY. Ungentle Queen, to call him gentle Suffolk! No more, I say; if thou dost plead for him, Thou wilt but add incre
 miss?' he asked. "'Yes, sir.' "'As governess?' "'Yes, sir.' "'And what salary do you ask?' "'I had £4 a month in my last plac
Enter IMOGEN CLOTEN. Good morrow, fairest sister. Your sweet hand. Exit LADY IMOGEN. Good morrow, sir. You lay out too much pains For purchasing
! Enter IMOGEN CLOTEN. Good morrow, fairest sister. Your sweet hand. Exit LADY IMOGEN. Good morrow, sir. You lay out too much pains For purchasing but tro
 is said: 'Many a man knows no end of his goods.' Right! Many a man has good horns and knows no end of them. Well, that
, Edg. Away, old man! give me thy hand! away! King Lear hath lost, he and his daughter ta'en. Give me thy hand! come
r? COSTARD. I told you: my lord. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. To whom shouldst thou give it? COSTARD. From my lord to my lady. PRINCESS OF FRA
terious, about the wedding?" "There was romance. There is always romance. There was nothing mysterious." "He had no rival?" "No, I was quite free." "You have heard, no doubt, that his
? COBWEB. Ready. BOTTOM. Mounsieur Cobweb; good mounsieur, get you your weapons in your hand and kill me a red-hipp'd humble-bee on the top of a thistle; and, good mounsieur, bring me the
ver a worthier man. Enter CORIOLANUS, in a gown of humility, with MENENIUS Here he comes, and in the gown of humility. Mark his behaviour. We are not to stay all together, but to come by hi
neur Dieu! PISTOL. O, Signieur Dew should be a gentleman. Perpend my words, O Signieur Dew, and mark: O Signieur Dew, thou diest on point of fox, Except, O Signieur, thou do give to 
. He lost not an hour in breaking entirely with the murderer. Oh, Mr. Holmes, you must save him--you must save him! I tell you
ay you avoid the house. CORIOLANUS. Let me but stand- I will not hurt your hearth. THIRD SERVANT. What are you? CORIOLANUS. A gentleman. THIRD SERVANT. A marv'llous
mooth head, And kiss thy fair large ears, my gentle joy. BOTTOM. Where's Peaseblossom? PEASEBLOSSOM. Ready. BOTTOM. Scratch my head, Peaseblossom. Where's Mounsieur Cobweb? COBWEB. Ready. BOTTOM. Mou
True, madam; he, of all the men that ever my foolish eyes look'd upon, was the best deserving a fair lady. PORTIA. I remember him well, and I remember him w
broken through the shrubbery and made for the road." "Well," said the inspector with a grave and thoughtful face, "whoever he may have been, and whatever he may have wanted, he's gone for the
, there have been many great men that have flatter'd the people, who ne'er loved them; and there be many that they have loved, they know not wherefore; so that, if they love they know not why, t
ome into any room in a taphouse but I am drawn in. ESCALUS. Well, no more of it, Master Froth; farewell. [Exit FROTH] Come you hither to me, Master Tapster; what's your name, Master Tapste
 Noblemen bearing great standing-bowls for the christening gifts; then four Noblemen bearing a canopy, under which the DUCHESS OF NORFOLK, godmother, bearing 
he 'solus' in thy most mervailous face; The 'solus' in thy teeth, and in thy throat, And in thy hateful lungs, yea, in thy maw, perdy; And, w
ynna, goodman Dull; Dictynna, goodman Dull. DULL. What is Dictynna? NATHANIEL. A title to Phoebe, to Luna, to the moon. HOLOFERNES. The moon was a month old when
d, whoever would have thought that it could have come to this? Whoever would have dreamed it? "'I used to be home for the week-ends very o
ISTOL. Harry the Fourth- or Fifth? SHALLOW. Harry the Fourth. PISTOL. A foutra for thine office! Sir John, thy tend
r; I say she did nod; and you ask me if she did nod; and I say 'Ay.' PROTEUS. And that set together is 'noddy.' SPEED. Now you have taken the pains to set it together, take it for your pains. PRO
y of hunting for him." "I quite understand your position," said Holmes, with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. "Perhaps you don't quite understand mine. Godfrey Staunton appears to have been a poor 
s you, For you serve knaves. Exit FIRST VARRO'S SERVANT. How! What does his cashier'd worship mutter? SECOND VARRO'S SERVANT. No matter what; he's poor, and tha
 himself, And ran dismayed away. LORENZO. In such a night Stood Dido with a willow in her hand Upon the wild sea-banks, and waft her love To come again to Carthage. JESSICA. In such a night M
 not seem so. 91 Some glory in their birth, some in their skill, Some in their wealth, some in their body's force, Some in their garments though new-fangled ill: Some 
t delay, their arguments Be now produc'd and heard. QUEEN KATHARINE. Lord Cardinal, To you I speak. WOLSEY. Your pleasure, madam? QUEEN KATHARINE. Sir, I am about to weep; but, thinking that We are a
 day, most woful day That ever ever I did yet behold! O day! O day! O day! O hateful day! Never was seen so black a day as this. O woful day! O woful day! Par. Begui
acks; and if I cannot, I'll find those that shall. Scurvy knave! I am none of his flirt-gills; I am none of his skains-
of nine, a tree of sixty-four feet would throw one of ninety-six, and the line of the one would of course be the line of the other. I measured out the distance, which brought me almo
e other of my men, I'll have them sleep on cushions in my tent. LUCIUS. Varro and Claudio! Enter Varro and Claudio. VARRO. Calls my lord? BRUTUS. I pray you, sirs, lie in my tent and sleep;
t their own horses, through agents, and then preventing them from winning by fraud. Sometimes it is a pulling jockey. Sometimes it is some surer and subtler mea
unshaken when they mellow be. Most necessary 'tis that we forget To pay ourselves what to ourselves is debt. What to ourselves in passion we propose, The passion ending, doth the purpo
Therefore know I have earned of Don John a thousand ducats. Con. Is it possible that any villany should be so dear? Bora. Thou shouldst rather ask if it were possible any villany shoul
 and remorse. He lost not an hour in breaking entirely with the murderer. Oh, Mr. Holmes, you must save him--you must save him! I tell you that you must save him!" 
l finish up the year, How many years a mortal man may live. When this is known, then to divide the times- So many hours must I tend my flock; So many hours mus
 yourself yourself yourself in twain divide. Stay, go, do what you will, the like do I; For live I will not if my fat
ight be my Lord Such-a-one, that prais'd my Lord Such-a-one's horse when he meant to beg it- might it not? Hor. Ay, my lord. Ham. Why, e'en so! and now my Lady Worm's, c
ay I, (you counsel well.' 'Fiend,' say I, 'you counsel well.' To be rul'd by my conscience, I should stay with the Jew my 
find out the cause of this effect- Or rather say, the cause of this defect, For this effect defective comes by cause. Thus it remains, and the remainder thus.
 Cawdor Shall sleep no more. Macbeth shall sleep no more." LADY MACBETH. Who was it that thus cried? Why, worthy Tha
think? IAGO. Think, my lord? OTHELLO. Think, my lord? By heaven, he echoes me, As if there were some monster in his thought Too hideous to 
half to her. QUEEN ELIZABETH. An honest tale speeds best being plainly told. KING RICHARD. Then plainly to her tell my loving tale. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Plain and not honest is too harsh a sty
my soul- Jul. A thousand times good night! Exit. Rom. A thousand times the worse, to want thy light! 
IUS LEONATUS, father to POSTHUMUS, an old man attired like a warrior; leading in his hand an ancient matron, his WIFE, and mother to POSTHUMUS, with music before them. Then, after other music, fol
 that boy did die; And for her sake do I rear up her boy; And for her sake I will not part with him. OBERON. How long
 to be determined is whether we should go on to this Mrs. Oakshott to-night, or whether we should reserve it for to-morrow. It is clear from what that surl
of crowns; if you will not, tarry at home and be hang'd! Fal. Hear ye, Yedward: if I tarry at home and 
? COSTARD. I told you: my lord. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. To whom shouldst thou give it? COSTARD. From my lord to my lady. PRINCESS OF FRANC
w, choplogic? What is this? 'Proud'- and 'I thank you'- and 'I thank you not'- And yet 'not proud'? Mistress minion you, Thank me no thankings,
other day. Exeunt PRINCESS and TRAIN BOYET. Who is the shooter? who is the shooter? ROSALINE. Shall I teach you to know? BOYET. Ay, my continent of beauty. ROSALINE. Why, she that bears t
uments been in Naples, that they speak i' the nose thus? FIRST MUSICIAN. How, sir, how? CLOWN. Are these, I pray you, wind instruments? FIRST MUSICIAN. Ay, marry, are they
iver it at once." "Did you see Mr. Barrymore?" "No, sir; I tell you he was in the loft." "If you didn't see him, how do you know he was in the loft?" "Well, surely his own wife ought to know wh
meddle with it-it makes a man coward: a man cannot steal, but it accuseth him; a man cannot swear, but it checks him; a man cannot lie
n the sky. Tongue, lose thy light; Moon, take thy flight. [Exit MOONSHINE] Now die, die, die, die, die. [Dies] DEMETRIUS. No die, but an ace, for him; for he is but one. LYSANDER. Less than an ace, 
uise of love. It is the lesser blot, modesty finds, Women to change their shapes than men their minds. PROTEUS. Than men their minds! 'tis true. O heaven, were man But con
 themselves to me. Beppo had the pearl in his possession. He may have stolen it from Pietro, he may have been Pietro's confederate, he may have been the go-between of Piet
III. Venice. A public place Enter BASSANIO With SHYLOCK the Jew SHYLOCK. Three thousand ducats- well. BASSANIO. Ay, sir, for three months. SHYLOCK. For three months- well. BASSANIO. For the whi
rition: an armed Head. MACBETH. Tell me, thou unknown power- FIRST WITCH. He knows thy thought: Hear his speech, but say thou nought. FIRST APPARITION. Macbeth! Macbeth! Macbeth! Beware 
ave proved an alibi." "Exactly, my dear Watson; he might have proved an alibi. We will suppose, for argument's sake, that the household of Wisteria Lodge are confederates in some de
 by. ALL. God save the King! God save the King! CADE. What, Buckingham and Clifford, are ye so brave? And you, base peasants, do ye believe him? Wi
tries. ALL. God save the King! God save the King! Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. Please it your Grace to be advertised The Duk
 Jack James an American citizen, but he's doing time in Portland all the same. It cuts no ice with a British copper to tell him you're an American citizen. 'It's British law and order 
thought of care? LADY. Madam, we'll play at bowls. QUEEN. 'Twill make me think the world is full of rubs And that my fortune runs against the bias. LADY. Madam, we'll dance. QUEEN.
nours safe! FIRST SENATOR. Farewell. SECOND SENATOR. Farewell. ALL. Farewell. Exeunt SCENE III. Rome. MARCIUS' ho
xit. Flourish. Enter Gloucester, with France and Burgundy; Attendants. Glou. Here's France and Burgundy, my noble lord. Lear. My Lord of Burgundy, We first address toward you
er MESSENGER with a letter What are you? SECOND MESSENGER. Fulvia thy wife is dead. ANTONY. Where died she? SECOND MESSENGER. In Sicyon. Her length of sickness, with what else more serious Im
e, Shake he his weapon at us and pass by. ALL. God save the King! God save the King! CADE. What, Buckingh
es for me, and he, poor fellow, can be of little aid. I have heard of you, Mr. Holmes; I have heard of you from Mrs. Farintosh, whom you helped in the hour of her sore need. It wa
 carried in a chair, and Officers with Iago, prisoner. LODOVICO. Where is this rash and most unfortunate man? OTHELLO. That's he that was Othello. Here I am. LODOVICO. Where is
s you have it, and you may be gone. KING. Say to her we have measur'd many miles To tread a measure with her on this grass. BOYET. They say that they have measur'd many a mile To tread a 
e voice Enter DEMETRIUS DEMETRIUS. Lysander, speak again. Thou runaway, thou coward, art thou fled? Speak! In some bush? Where dost thou hide thy head? PUCK. Thou coward, art thou
y; For this they have engrossed and pil'd up The cank'red heaps of strange-achieved gold; For this they have been thoughtful to invest Their sons with arts and martial ex
"A greater distance to travel." "But the letter had also a greater distance to come." "Then I do not see the point." "There is at least a presumption that the ve
 Come, sir; come, sir; come, sir; foh, sir! Why, you bald-pated lying rascal, you must be hooded, must you? Show your knave's visage, with a pox to you! Show your sheep-biting
 It was the nightingale, and not the lark, That pierc'd the fearful hollow of thine ear. Nightly she sings on yond pomegranate tree. Believe me, love, it was the nightingale
e overturn'd. PRINCE JOHN. Good morrow, cousin Warwick, good morrow. GLOUCESTER & CLARENCE. Good morrow, cousin.
, you shall do well enough. SECOND NEIGHBOUR. And here, neighbour, here's a cup of charneco. THIRD NEIGHBOUR. And here'
u a lie? I do despise a liar as I do despise one that is false; or as I despise one that is not true. The knigh
cidence. EVANS. Come hither, William; hold up your head; come. MRS. PAGE. Come on, sirrah; hold up your head; answer your master; be not afra
ad so dear a loss. CHILDREN. Were never orphans had so dear a loss. DUCHESS. Was never mother had so dear a loss. Alas, I am the mother of these griefs! Their woes are parcell'
s assay our plot; which, if it speed, Is wicked meaning in a lawful deed, And lawful meaning in a lawful act; Where both not sin, and yet a sinful fact. But let's about it. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRO
Lear. An you lie, sirrah, we'll have you whipp'd. Fool. I marvel what kin thou and thy daughters are. They'll have me whipp'd for speaking true; thou'lt have me whipp'd for l
will roar that I will do any man's heart good to hear me; I will roar that I will make the Duke say 'Let him roar again, le
iest. WARWICK and the rest cry all 'Warwick! Warwick!' and set upon the guard, who fly, crying 'Arm! Arm!' WARWICK and the rest following them The drum playing and tr
y meat. CLOWN. O Lord, sir!-Nay, put me to't, I warrant you. COUNTESS. You were lately whipp'd, sir, as I think. CLOWN. O Lord, sir!-Spare not me. COUNTESS. Do you cry 'O Lord, s
y dead. There art thou happy. Tybalt would kill thee, But thou slewest Tybalt. There art thou happy t
COND PART OF KING HENRY THE SIXTH by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae KING HENRY THE SIXTH HUMPHREY, DUKE OF GLOUCESTER, his uncle CARDINAL BEAUFORT, BI
hing? Why, a thing to thank God on. Host. I am no thing to thank God on, I would thou shouldst know it! I am an hon
pkins, after you had made certain that you had made certain of nothing?" "I think I made certain of a go
Merripit House First Report of Dr. Watson Second Report of Dr. Watson Extract from the Diary of Dr. Watson The Man on the Tor Death on the M
go! Host. Say, what thing? what thing? Fal. What thing? Why, a thing to thank God on. Host. I am no thing to thank God on, I wo
month old at Cain's birth that's not five weeks old as yet? HOLOFERNES. Dictynna, goodman Dull; Dictynna, goodman Dul
y shape, thy love, thy wit, Which, like a usurer, abound'st in all, And usest none in that true use indeed Which should bedeck thy shape, thy love, thy 
hool", "The Adventure of the Golden Pince-Nez" and "The Adventure of the Missing Three-Quarter" were taken from a 1911 editio
What is 'lapis,' William? WILLIAM. A stone. EVANS. And what is 'a stone,' William? WILLIAM. A pebble. EVANS. No, it is 'lapis'; I pray you remember in you
to him. "Well, if it is good enough for the inspector, it is good enough for me," he said at last. "Capital!" said Holmes. "Well, then, I
or a particular purpose. Pictures for "The Adventure of the Dancing Men", "The Adventure of the Priory School", "T
 on you. ELINOR. Thou monstrous slanderer of heaven and earth! CONSTANCE. Thou monstrous injurer of heaven and earth, Call not me slanderer! Thou and thine usurp The dominations, 
 thereof before, He fears, my lord, you mean no good to him. BUCKINGHAM. Sorry I am my noble cousin should Suspect me that I mean no good to him. By heaven, we come to 
lly studied both the exterior and the flap. "It is Porlock's writing," said he thoughtfully. "I can hardly doubt that it is Porlock's writing, though I hav
 and revenge on you. ELINOR. Thou monstrous slanderer of heaven and earth! CONSTANCE. Thou monstrous injurer of heaven and earth, Call not me slanderer! Thou and thine usurp The dominations, ro
 ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1611 KING HENRY THE EIGHTH by William Shakespeare DRAMATIS PERSONAE KING HENRY THE EIGHTH CARDINAL WOLSEY C
 wench, say I. MALVOLIO. 'M. O. A. I. doth sway my life.' Nay, but first let me see, let me see, let me see. FABIAN. What dish o' poison has she dress'd him! SIR TOBY. And with what win
t is. An' I knows where the men he is after are. An' I knows where the treasure is. I knows all about it." "Then tell me, and I shall let him know." "It was to him I was 
OMPEY COSTARD. I Pompey am- BEROWNE. You lie, you are not he. COSTARD. I Pompey am- BOYET. With libbard's head on knee. BEROWNE. Well said, old mocker; I must needs be friends with thee. C
nd master? FLAMINIUS. His health is well, sir. LUCULLUS. I am right glad that his health is well, sir. And what hast thou t
r of the shelf than elsewhere. It may have been a book lying on its side. It may have been a box. Well, well, I can do nothing more. Let u
see whit they be. Read them. Peto. [reads] 'Item. A capon. . . . . . . . . . . . . ii s. ii d. Item, Sauce. . . . . . . . . 
 sail, and here she comes amain. Enter COSTARD, armed for POMPEY COSTARD. I Pompey am- BEROWNE. You lie, you are not he. COSTARD. I Pompey am- BOYET. With libbard's head on knee. BEROWNE. 
 pretty, because little. MOTH. Little pretty, because little. Wherefore apt? ARMADO. And therefore apt, because quick. MOTH. Speak you this in my praise, master? ARMADO. In thy condign
must needs, for you all cried 'Go, go'- If you'll confess he brought home worthy prize- As you must needs, for you all clapp'd your hands, And crie
thee of high treason, by the name of Henry Lord Scroop of Masham. I arrest thee of high treason, by 
 A lean cheek, which you have not; a blue eye and sunken, which you have not; an unquestionable spirit, which you have not; a beard neglected, which you have not; but I pardon you for
e aloud with mine- Hail, King of Scotland! ALL. Hail, King of Scotland! Flourish. MALCOLM. We shall not spend a large e
-written conversation. Again and again I had to ask him whether he would give in and sign the documents. Again and again I had the same indignant reply. But soon a happy thought came to me.
waggering now. Shut the door, I pray you. FALSTAFF. Dost thou hear, hostess? HOSTESS. Pray ye, pacify yourself, Sir John; there comes no swaggerers here. FALSTAFF. Dost thou hea
is boy, BIONDELLO, bearing a lute and books GREMIO. Good morrow, neighbour Baptista. BAPTISTA. Good morrow, neighbour Gremio. God save you, gentlemen! PETRUCHIO
 their minds, Whose voices I desire aloud with mine- Hail, King of Scotland! ALL. Hail, King of Scotland! Flourish. MALCOLM. We shall not spend a large expense of time Before we reckon with y
n me justice, justice, justice, justice. DUKE. Relate your wrongs. In what? By whom? Be brief. Here is 
Con. Is it possible that any villany should be so dear? Bora. Thou shouldst rather ask if it were possible any villany should be so rich; for when rich villains have need of poor ones, poor ones
s treasonable abuses! ESCALUS. Such a fellow is not to be talk'd withal. Away with him to prison! Where is the Provost? Away with him to prison! Lay bolts enough upon him
us, sir, I am so glad you have come! I am so glad you have come, Mr. Thaddeus, sir!" We heard her reiterated rejoicings until the door was cl
man as I am: the violet smells to him as it doth to me; the element shows to him as it doth to me; all his senses have but human conditions; his ceremonies laid by, in 
ii, two hundred fifty each; mine own company, Chitopher, Vaumond, Bentii, two hundred fifty each; so that the muster-file, rotten and sound, upon my
o, no, you must play Pyramus; and, Flute, you Thisby. BOTTOM. Well, proceed. QUINCE. Robin Starveling, the tailor. STARVELING. Here, Peter Quince. QUINCE. Robin Starveling, you must play Thisby's m
 his compass. Sirrah, what news? PINDARUS. [Above.] O my lord! CASSIUS. What news? PINDARUS. [Above.] Titinius i
e least of these But can do more in England than the King. SUFFOLK. And he of these that can do most of all Cannot do more in England than the Nevils; Salisbury and Warwick
n thee. GLOUCESTER. It is a quarrel most unnatural, To be reveng'd on him that loveth thee. ANNE. It is a quarrel just and reasonable, To be reveng'd on him that kill'd 
. DUKE. Why, you are nothing then; neither maid, widow, nor wife. LUCIO. My lord, she may be a punk; for many of them are neither maid, widow, nor wife
 thou never saw'st good manners; if thou never saw'st good manners, then thy manners must be wicked; and wickedness is
usband, she does not love your Majesty. If she does not love your Majesty, there is no reason why she should interfere wi
 never wast at court thou never saw'st good manners; if thou never saw'st good manners, then thy manners must be wicked; and wi
et without embarking on another perilous undertaking. Again, it is unusual for burglars to operate at so early an hour; it is unusual for burglars to strike a lady to prevent her screaming, si
-roasted egg, all on one side. CORIN. For not being at court? Your reason. TOUCHSTONE. Why, if thou never wast at court thou never saw'st good manners; if thou never saw'st good manners, then thy ma
ide, And neither way inclines. ENOBARBUS. [Aside to AGRIPPA] Will Caesar weep? AGRIPPA. [Aside to ENOBARBUS] He has a cloud in's face. ENOBARBUS. [Aside to AGRIPPA] He were the worse for that
may not be. GREMIO. Let me entreat you. PETRUCHIO. It cannot be. KATHERINA. Let me entreat you. PETRUCHIO. I am content. KATHERINA. Are you content to stay
, old Jack Falstaff, banish not him thy Harry's company, banish not him thy Harry's company. Banish plump Jack, a
chieve her- how? DEMETRIUS. Why mak'st thou it so strange? She is a woman, therefore may be woo'd; She is a woman, therefore may be won; She is Lavinia, therefore must b
 them, I beseech you. SHALLOW. Where's the roll? Where's the roll? Where's the roll? Let me see, let me see, let me see. So, so, so, so,- so, so- yea, marry, sir. Rafe Mouldy! Let them appear as I
ve we, sir. Will you sit? FALSTAFF. Let me see them, I beseech you. SHALLOW. Where's the roll? Where's the roll? Where's the roll? Let me see, let me see, let me see. So, so, so, so,- s
is. ROSALIND. [To DUKE] To you I give myself, for I am yours. [To ORLANDO] To you I give myself, for I am yours. DUKE SENIOR. If there be t
o am I for Rosalind. ROSALIND. And so am I for no woman. PHEBE. If this be so, why blame you me to love you? SILVIUS. If this be so, why blame you me to love you? ORLANDO. If 
 of Verona. Paris, a young Count, kinsman to the Prince. Montague, heads of two houses at variance with each other. Capulet, heads of two houses at variance with each other. An old Man, of the
