 certainly, as you said, very surprising that he should have contracted and out-of-the-way Asiatic disease in
 stirr'd up the confiners And gentlemen of Italy, most willing spirits, That promise noble service; 
poil than glory- AUFIDIUS. There was it; For which my sinews shall be stretch'd upon him. At a few drops of
re reproduced. [ Picture: Scrap showing the words: At quarter to twelve, learn what, may be ] "Presumin
ding. TRANIO. Sir, I shall not be slack; in sign whereof, Please ye we may contrive this afternoon, And quaff carous
entally are met together. Antipholus, thou cam'st from Corinth first? ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. No, sir, not 
ht it best to set up rooms for myself: so I left Pondicherry Lodge, taking the old khitmutgar and Wi
bear himself as King. Though fortune's malice overthrow my state, My mind exceeds the compass of her wheel. WARWICK.
with my friends; else, sir, I did not care for mine own part so much. BARDOLPH. Go to; stand aside. MOULDY. And,
o idle votarist. Roots, you clear heavens! Thus much of this will make black white, foul fair, Wrong ri
 I don this robe and trouble you? Be chosen with proclamations to-day, To-morrow yield up rule, resig
VALENTINE. O, I have fed upon this woe already, And now excess of it will make me surfeit. Doth Silvia kn
 I am ready enough to tell what I know." "Then, pray, sit down, and let us hear it for there are several points o
 I well intend, I'll do't before I speak- that you make known It is no vicious blot, murther, or foulnes
 clapp'd up close, And kept asunder. You, madam, shall with us. Stafford, take her to thee. We'll see your
 corn, And justice always whirls in equal measure. Light wenches may prove plagues to men forsworn; If so, our copper buys no better tr
 go with him; And go, Sir Paris. Every one prepare To follow this fair corse unto her grave. The heavens do low'r upon you for some ill; Move them no more by crossing
 he thinks me Henry. But what said Lady Bona to my marriage? MESSENGER. These were her words, utt'red with mild disdain: 'Tell him, in ho
 heart Will not confess he owes the malady That doth my life besiege. Farewell, young lords; Whether I live or die, be
 it." "I quoted the postscript. The letter had, as I said, been burned and it was not all legible. I ask you once ag
 through a dense shrubbery, and I saw no more of my man. However, it seemed to me that I had done a fairly 
: "Abbey Grange, Marsham, Kent, "3.30 a.m. "My dear Mr. Holmes: "I should be very glad of your immediate assistance in what
URSUIVANT. God hold it, to your honour's good content! HASTINGS. Gramercy, Hastings; there, drink that for me. [Throws him his purse] PURS
Y. Antony, thou wouldst say. MESSENGER. O, my lord! ANTONY. Speak to me home; mince not the general tongue; Name Cleopatra as she is call'd i
all'd upon For high feats done to th' crown, neither allied To eminent assistants, but spider-like, Out of h
ar from hence to France! How could he stay till Warwick made return? SOMERSET. My lords, forbear this 
as near an exact science as it ever will be brought in this world." My companion flushed up with pleasu
at he is still alive and well, though somewhat crippled by occasional attacks of rheumatism. He has, for many years,
d seem To have us make denial. FIRST LORD. His love and wisdom, Approv'd so to your Majesty, may plead For 
e distrusted his wife ever since she had refused to help him in laying a trap for the old man, and he dare
ed." "Only five have passed. This must be he." As I spoke a powerful bay horse swept out from the weighting enclos
en here is more convenient. PLANTAGENET. Then say at once if I maintain'd the truth; Or else was wrangling Somerset in th' error? SUFFOLK. Faith, I h
hat, sir." "I suppose the Professor eats hardly anything?" "Well, he is variable. I'll say that for him." 
he Negroid Religions: "'The true voodoo-worshipper attempts nothing of importance without certain sacrifices which are intended to propitiate his unc
he boundary wall Toby ran along, whining eagerly, underneath its shadow, and stopped finally in a corner screened by a young beech. Where the two 
he has done most, Yet will I add an honour-a great patience. WOLSEY. Madam, you wander from the good we aim at. QUEEN KATHARINE. M
he married this Hebron, who was a lawyer with a good practice. They had one child, but the yellow fever broke out b
he rope--each in turn was minutely examined and duly pondered. The body of the unfortunate baronet had b
he waged his life-long battle against crime. On referring to my notes I see that it was upon the 14th of A
he wears the badge of Somerset. WARWICK. Tush, that was but his fancy; blame him not; I dare presume, sweet prince, he thought no harm. YORK. An if I wist he
her's, but events have since led us to change our opinion. "Early in 1882 my father received a letter from India which w
hers PRINCE JOHN. The heat is past; follow no further now. Call in the powers, good cousin Westmoreland. Exit WESTMO
in such fashion. Hold out your hand, man, and make it up!" "Never!" cried Baldwin in a fury. "I've offered to fight him if he thinks I have wrong
is languid fashion. "May I ask, in the first place, Mr. McFarlane, how it is that you are still at li
ither of us could have anticipated. We were at breakfast when the Colonel's butler rushed in with all his propriet
nd I again, in Henry's royal name, As deputy unto that gracious king, Give thee her hand for sign of plighted faith. SUFFOLK
ng lamps some fading glimmer left, My dull deaf ears a little use to hear; All these old witnesses-I cannot err- Tell me thou art my son Antipholus. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. I
ns PORTIA. Go draw aside the curtains and discover The several caskets to this noble Prince. Now make 
of last Monday. "Mrs. Barclay was, it appears, a member of the Roman Catholic Church, and had interest
on something later which will bear upon it. What steps do you propose to take now, Lestrade?" "The most practic
or I am mistaken. And you also, Dr. Watson; for the medicos will have a word to say before we finish. Your room is 
s a violent commencement, and thou shalt see an answerable sequestration- put but money in thy purse. These Moors are changeabl
s wave, And either victory or else a grave! QUEEN MARGARET. Stay, Edward. EDWARD. No, wrangling woman, we'll no longer stay; These words will cost ten thousand lives this day. Exeunt SCE
t thrown herself away on a penniless sailor. That's how I loved Mary Fraser. "Well, I never thought to se
their day and them our fortune give. Away, my lord, away! Exeunt SCENE III. Fields near Saint Albans Alarum. R
ther arm'd against myself. Stay not, be gone. Live, and hereafter say A madman's mercy bid thee run aw
u, sir. Hie you, make haste, for it grows very late. Exit. Rom. How well my comfort is reviv'd by this! Friar. Go hence; good night; and here stands all
unded him If he appeal the Duke on ancient malice, Or worthily, as a good subject should, On some known ground of treachery i
ut now two mirrors of his princely semblance Are crack'd in pieces by malignant death, And I for comfort have but one
ut of America; but when I married and settled down in this quiet spot I thought my last years were going to 
y finger and thumb. It came away from the skin so readily that hardly any mark was left behind. One tiny speck of blood sh
y spoil. KING RICHARD. Look what is done cannot be now amended. Men shall deal unadvisedly sometimes, Which after-hours gives leisure to repent. If I did take the kingdom from your sons, T
young NOBILITY of Rome CORIOLANUS. Come, leave your tears; a brief farewell. The beast With many heads butts me away. Nay, mother, Where is yo
! I told my brother last night that I should bring some friends. "He ain't been out o' his room to-day, Mr. Thaddeus, and I have no orders. You know very 
. What! Have I twice said well? When was't before? I prithee tell me; cram's with praise, and make's As fat a
f a course. Good lady, Hear me with patience. IMOGEN. Talk thy tongue weary- speak. I have heard I am a s
a cab and drew Mycroft's paper from his pocket. "We have quite a little round of afternoon calls to make," said he. "I think that Sir James Walter claims ou
" continued my companion imperturbably. "Ha! You put me off, do you?" said our new visitor, taking a step forward and
s done nothing except for my sake and because I asked him." "Speak out, then! What does it mean?" "My unhappy brother is
l dry your pities- but I have That honourable grief lodg'd here which burns Worse than tears drown. Beseech
y has slipped. What sober man's key could have scored those grooves? But you will never see a drunkard's watch without t
d he. "So Reuben Hayes is taken? I am right glad to hear it, if it will not react upon the fate of James." "Yo
m in; and take your places, ladies. Exit PHILOSTRATE HIPPOLYTA. I love not to see wretchedness o'er-charged, And duty in his service p
m she, and altogether joyless. I can no longer hold me patient. [Advancing] Hear me, you wrangling pirates, that fall out In sharin
d that letters to the Hôtel du Louvre, Paris, would eventually reach him." "Then reparation is still within your p
t the evidence is purely circumstantial, and that some new development may upset it." "How about Straker's knife?" "We have quit
d this lady so far, you can also say what has become of her." "I will endeavour to do so. In the first 
iately, but was succeeded by a strong smell of burning oil and heated metal. Someone in the next room had lit a dark-la
nd a few minutes after I found, rather, I confess, to my relief, that instead of being identified as Mr. Ne
le to realize. You must stand clear, Mr. Holmes, or be trodden under foot.' "'I am afraid,' said I, rising, 'that i
tell thee, fellow, He that doth naught with her, excepting one, Were best to do it secretly alone. BRAKENBURY. Wha
ment closes, he is enter'd His radiant roof. Away! and, to be blest, Let us with care perform his great behest. [GHOSTS vanish] POSTHUMUS. [Wakin
 enter at her window? DUKE. Her chamber is aloft, far from the ground, And built so shelving that one cannot climb it Without apparent hazard of his life. VALENTINE
mes a vice, And to defend ourselves it be a sin When violence assails us. OTHELLO. Now, by heaven, My blood begi
mford's opinion upon that point. Neither did he appear to have pursued any course of reading which might fit him for a degree i
eformity; but the face which he turned towards us, though worn and swarthy, must at some time have been remarkable for its beauty. He
That in alliance, amity, and oaths, There should be found such false dissembling guile? KING HENRY. What! Doth my 
the quick, decisive manner for which he was famous. "We have not done so, nor is it possible that we should do so. To i
 he thinks- the most brave, valorous, and thrice-worthy signieur of England. PISTOL. As I suck blood, I will some
 in plain terms, from this time forth Have you so slander any moment leisure As to give words or talk with the Lord Hamlet. L
rous. The Greeks upon advice did bury Ajax, That slew himself; and wise Laertes' son Did graciously 
nward wars once out of hand, We would, dear lords, unto the Holy Land. Exeunt SCENE II. Gloucestershire. Before Justice,
y, An heir, and near allied unto the Duke. SECOND OUTLAW. And I from Mantua, for a gentleman Who, in my mood, I stabb
ay be England's royal Queen. GLOUCESTER. So should I give consent to flatter sin. You know, my lord, your Highness is betroth'd Unto another lady of esteem. How shall we then disp
ve been false to Fulvia? Riotous madness, To be entangled with those mouth-made vows, Which break themselves in swearing!
as this." The detective mounted the stairs, and our lamp gleamed upon his shining waterproof. I helpe
ve thine own with him. KING HENRY. Full well hath Clifford play'd the orator, Inferring arguments of mighty force. B
ok up at that deadly black shadow wavering down upon me? Already I was unable to stand erect, when my e
ly. "I did not observe." "You really are an automaton,--a calculating-machine!" I cried. "There is s
is. DESDEMONA. O, that's an honest fellow. Do not doubt, Cassio, But I will have my lord and you again A
much company might be urg'd; Therefore I say with noble Buckingham That it is meet so few should fetch the Prince. HASTINGS. And
ise, and perhaps just a little resentment, for I was myself regular in my habits. "Very sorry to knock you up, Watson," said he, "but it's the common lot this mor
ine. Re-enter Desdemona, attended. Look, if my gentle love be not raised up! I'll make thee an example. DESDEMONA. Wh
 The multitudinous seas incarnadine, Making the green one red. Re-enter Lady Macbeth. LADY MACBETH. My hands are of your color, but
doing here, Barrymore?" "Nothing, sir." His agitation was so great that he could hardly speak, and the 
gan to move. MACBETH. Liar and slave! MESSENGER. Let me endure your wrath, if't be not so. Within this three
 And left behind him Richard, his only son, Who, after Edward the Third's death, reign'd as king Till Henry Bolingbr
 And never shall have length of life enough To rain upon remembrance with mine eyes, That it may grow and sp
s nobility's true badge. Thrice-noble Titus, spare my first-born son. TITUS. Patient yourself, madam, 
 some description of the people who surround us. He is curiously employed at present, for, being an amateur astronomer, he has a
 Forerunning more requital. ANGELO. You make my bonds still greater. DUKE. O, your desert speaks loud; and I should wrong it 
n outside three untenanted bedrooms, he again was seized with a spasm of merriment. "There are really some very unique features about this case, Wa
eeper. Mrs. Lexington is her name, a little, dark, silent person, with suspicious and sidelong eyes. She could tell us someth
ess at once that the title by which I have just called myself is not exactly my own." "I was aware of it," said Holmes dryly. "The cir
ces, and minds, Had been incorporate. So we grew together, Like to a double cherry, seeming parted, But
ort notice, which was headed "Mysterious Business at Upper Norwood." "About twelve o'clock last night," said the Standard, "Mr. Bartholo
nothing be; Therefore no no, for I resign to thee. Now mark me how I will undo myself: I give this heav
e with iron-witted fools [Descends from the throne] And unrespective boys; none are for me That look into me
'er I heard of. What business, lord, so early? AENEAS. I was sent for to the King; but why, I know not. PARIS. Hi
 as I think. CLOTEN. It is Posthumus' hand; I know't. Sirrah, if thou wouldst not be a villain, but do me true service, undergo th
uld I were hang'd, la, else! PAGE. Of what, son? SLENDER. I came yonder at Eton to marry Mistress Anne Page, and she's a gr
man Small is a pretty shrewd fellow. He would send a scout on ahead, and if anything made him suspicious lie snug for another week." "But you might have stuck to Mordecai Sm
od! When you and he came back from Ravenspurgh- North. At Berkeley Castle. Hot. You say true. Why, what a candy deal of courtesy This fawning gre
 as in a castle, cocksure. We have the receipt of fernseed, we walk invisible. Cham. Nay, by my faith, I think yo
now that Henry's dead. Posterity, await for wretched years, When at their mothers' moist'ned eyes babes shall suck, Our
 of the note, addressed in straggling, irregular characters, very unlike Holmes's usual precise hand. It was consigned to Mr. Abe Slaney, Elrige's Farm, East Ruston, Norfolk. "I think, insp
got the entertainment Her sister Katherine welcome'd you withal? HORTENSIO. But, wrangling pedant, this is The patr
es, who dashed at a cupboard, from which he emerged with a second yellow-covered volume in his hand. "We pay the price, Watson, for being too up-to-date!" h
urn witch. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. I will not stay to-night for all the town; Therefore away, to get our stuff aboard. <Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRO
 it, prithee, piteously. Hence, Mardian, And bring me how he takes my death. To th' monument! Exeunt ACT_4|SC_14 SCENE XI
ets, which widened gradually, until we were flying across a broad balustraded bridge, with the murky riv
pen. There are windows in it, of course?" "Yes, but very small ones. Too narrow for anyone to pass through." "As you
care and secrecy; We shall employ thee in a worthier place. Forgive him, Angelo, that brought you home The head of Ragozine for Claudio's: Th' offence pardons itself. Dear Isabel, I have a motion mu
here be breadth enough in the world, I will hold a long distance. My duty to you. Your unfortunate son, BERTRAM.' This is not well, rash and unbridled boy,
asked the servant to call her if I should return. Tingling with anger, I rushed down and hurried acr
ataian, we are politicians, Malvolio's a Peg-a-Ramsey, and [Sings] Three merry men be we. Am not I cons
work, and for one evening, I think, we may turn our thoughts into more pleasant channels. I have a bo
ittle table, which, with a ledger and a waste paper basket, made up the whole furniture. "'Don't be disheart
s; or hath moe ministers than we That draw his knives i' th' war. Well, I will find him; For being n
ords, farewell. GREEN. My comfort is that heaven will take our souls, And plague injustice with the pains of hel
prove to be of some use." The astonished detective read the note aloud. It ran as follows: "Wanted, a woman
ign. Who can accuse me? Wherein am I guilty? YORK. 'Tis thought, my lord, that you took bribes of France And, being Protector, stay'd the soldiers' pay; By means wher
with him upon a rough expedition, especially as it would not shut in his pocket." "The tip was guarded by a disk of 
e we lie near Orleans; Otherwhiles the famish'd English, like pale ghosts, Faintly besiege us one hour i
make thee a new doublet and hose. I'll go hide me. MRS. FORD. Do so. Go tell thy master I am alone. [Exit ROBIN] Mistress Page, remembe
p to the light and sniffing at it. "What do you make of this string, Lestrade?" "It has been tarred." "Precisely. 
urns to a mirth-moving jest, Which his fair tongue, conceit's expositor, Delivers in such apt and gracious words 
 BOY with a linstock SALISBURY. I grieve to hear what torments you endur'd; But we will be reveng'd sufficiently. Now it is supper-time in Orleans: Here, through this grate, I count each one A
his?" "Oh, yes, I have known him solve questions which presented fewer clues than yours." "But not where such large interests are
vish'd list'ning, could not find His hour of speech a minute-he, my lady, Hath into monstrous habits put the graces That once were his, and is become as black As if besmear'd in hel
IME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. SCENE I. A chase in the north of England Enter two KEEPERS, with cross-bo
US, and IMOGEN QUEEN. No, be assur'd you shall not find me, daughter, After the slander of most stepmothers, Evil-ey'd unto 
e noblest-minded Romans To undergo with me an enterprise Of honorable-dangerous consequence; And I do know by this, they st
 which myself, the ignorant motive, do So far ask pardon as befits mine honour To stoop in such a case. LEPIDUS. 'Tis noble spoken. MAECENAS. If it might please you to enforce no fur
He bears him on the place's privilege, Or durst not for his craven heart say thus. SOMERSET. By Him that made me, I'll maintain my words
hester to-morrow." With a few grateful words to Holmes she bade us both good-night and bustled off upon her way. "At least," said I as
ntures which were the normal condition of his existence. In a few minutes I had written my note, paid Whitn
takes a sword and runs at him behind. 1. Serv. O, I am slain! My lord, you have one eye left To see 
times hath Henry Bolingbroke made head Against my power; thrice from the banks of Wye And sandy-bottom'd Severn have I sent him Bootless home and weat
sides that it is excellently well penn'd, I have taken great pains to con it. Good beauties, let me sustain no scorn; I am very comptible, even 
vents. My next step obviously was to find the man who had produced such a remarkable impression upon Mrs. Barclay. If he were still in Aldershot it should not be a v
, give me leave, I have deluded you. 'Twas neither Charles nor yet the Duke I nam'd, But Reignier, King of Naples, that prevail'd. WARWICK. A married man! That's most intolerable. YOR
moor. He would be very angry if he knew that I have said anything which might induce Sir Henry to go away
d it. I found him--" "One moment!" said Holmes. "Who opened the door?" "A middle-aged woman, who was, I suppose, his
IONE. What! Have I twice said well? When was't before? I prithee tell me; cram's with praise, and make's As fat as tame things. One good d
 calm all boats alike Show'd mastership in floating; fortune's blows, When most struck home, being gentle wound
gh to be believ'd Of one persuaded well of. POSTHUMUS. Never talk on't; She hath been colted by him. IACHIMO. If you see
han I had ever seen. The next instant he was his masterful, practical self once more. "It is nearly half a 
o. "I had a friend once called Maudsley, who went to the bad, and has just been serving his time in Pentonvill
leave it. SERGEANT. Doubtful it stood, As two spent swimmers that do cling together And choke their art. The merciless Macdonwald- Worthy to be a rebel
's no man speaks better Welsh. I'll to dinner. Mort. Peace, cousin Percy; you will make him mad. Glend. I 
 past that point. "Mrs. Lyons," said I, as I rose from this long and inconclusive interview, "you ar
 into the compass'd window-and you know he has not past three or four hairs on his chin- CRESSIDA. Indeed a tapster's arithmetic may soon bring hi
 play the spaniel, And think with wagging of your tongue to win me; But whatsoe'er thou tak'st me for, I'm 
hrust thy hand as deep Into the purse of rich prosperity As Lewis himself. So, nobles, shall you all, Th
; for whose old love I have- Though I show'd sourly to him- once more offer'd The first conditions, which they did refuse And cannot now accept. To gr
dship. CLOTEN. Nay, come, let's go together. SECOND LORD. Well, my lord. Exeunt SCENE III. Britain. CYMB
he dead man?" "Yes," said Holmes; "by John Underwood and Sons, 129, Camberwell Road." Gregson looked quite crest-fallen. "I had no 
 my gall. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Gall! bitter. BEROWNE. Therefore meet. [They converse apart] DUMAIN. Will you vouchsafe with me t
You have been talk'd of since your travel much, And that in Hamlet's hearing, for a quality Wherein 
ferred if he could have been simply bound and gagged. He did not wish to put his head in a halter. There was no help for it, however: the savage instincts o
minate him. His dangerous correspondence has been destroyed or removed. This is our last chance." It was a small tin cash-
. None such appeared, however. The dog continued to lie stretched upon the cushion, breathing in a lab
romise that he might in time come to be a dangerous rival. My husband--yes, my real name is Signora Victor Durando--was the San Pedro m
ight for all the town; Therefore away, to get our stuff aboard. <Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE 
 parallels, as like Vulcan and his wife; Yet god Achilles still cries 'Excellent! 'Tis Nestor right. Now play him me, Patroclus, Arming to answer in a 
find me here when you come back." Audley Court was not an attractive locality. The narrow passage led us into a quadrangle paved with
m every one an Antony, And say 'Ah ha! Y'are caught.' CHARMIAN. 'Twas merry when You wager'd on your angl
y, His ancient knot of dangerous adversaries To-morrow are let blood at Pomfret Castle; And bid my lor
acters. John Straker, who is a married man, lived in a small villa about two hundred yards from the stables. He has no children, k
h, yet it is every day's news. I pray you, sir, of what disposition was the Duke? ESCALUS. One that, above all other strifes, contended especially
ned it, and burst out into a triumphant chuckle of laughter. "Excellent, Watson. The alternative develops. Have you te
ANGER. I tell you, denied, my lord. LUCIUS. What a strange case was that! Now, before the gods, I am asham'd on't.
y dear fellow, Very sincerely yours, Sherlock Holmes A few words may suffice to tell the little that rema
e high in the land." John Ferrier groaned internally. "There are stories of her which I would fain disbeli
 boys, none. PRINCE. See now, whether pure fear and entire cowardice doth not make thee wrong this virtuo
of all that time? FIRST SERVANT. O, yes, my lord, but very idle words; For though you lay here in this good
abhorr'd aspect, Finding thee fit for bloody villainy, Apt, liable to be employ'd in danger, I faintly broke wi
t dues. The future comes apace; What shall defend the interim? And at length How goes our reck'ning? TIMON. To Lacedaemon did my land extend. FLAVIUS. O 
tificial means to make the creature diabolical was a flash of genius upon his part. The dog he bought in London
 the castle. Enter Cassio and some Musicians. CASSIO. Masters, play here, I will content your pains; Somet
d; which I find at such proud rate that it outspeaks Possession of a subject. NORFOLK. It's heaven's will; Some spirit put this paper in the pac
,' said he, 'for Hugo Baskerville passed me upon his black mare, and there ran mute behind him such a hou
hould he be? MALCOLM. It is myself I mean, in whom I know All the particulars of vice so grafted That, 
an Murillo, and no peace in life while his victims still cry for vengeance." "No doubt," said Holmes
ness with an heir! KING. 'Tis midnight, Charles; Prithee to bed; and in thy pray'rs remember Th' estate of my poor queen. Leave me alone, For
h clown, at whom so oft Your Grace was wont to laugh, is also missing. Hisperia, the Princess' gentlewoman, Confesse
hed, And deep-brained sonnets that did amplify Each stone's dear nature, worth, and quality. '"The diamond? why, 'twas bea
truction upon me, rest assured that I shall do as much to you.' "'You have paid me several compliments, Mr. Moriar
 so; For let our finger ache, and it indues Our other healthful members even to that sense Of pain. Nay, we must think men are not gods, Nor of them look for such obser
empress of my love! These numbers will I tear, and write in prose. BEROWNE. O, rhymes are guards on wanton Cupid's 
 begins to threat, Whiles thou, a moral fool, sit'st still, and criest 'Alack, why does he so?' Alb. 
EADSMAN and other OFFICERS DUKE. Yet once again proclaim it publicly, If any friend will pay the sum for him, He shall not d
ff your hands! Hor. Be rul'd. You shall not go. Ham. My fate cries out And makes each petty artire in this body As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve. [Ghost beckons.] Still 
have of him. CARDINAL. That he should die is worthy policy; But yet we want a colour for his death. 
, which interests me deeply." "There's nothing in it. I looked at it before," said Lestrade. "'Oct. 4th, rooms 8s., breakfast 2s.
es were made to look, and let them gaze. I will not budge for no man's pleasure, Enter Romeo. Tyb. Well, peace be w
han for myself I dare. Let that suffice you. IAGO. Is my lord angry? EMILIA. He went hence but now, And certainly in strange unquietness
 proves nothing at all," remarked Inspector MacDonald. "There has been many a hammer murder and no trace on the
istinct success, and I shall certainly return much invigorated to Baker Street to-morrow." THE CROOKED MAN One sum
not bid thee beg my life, good lad, And yet I know thou wilt. IMOGEN. No, no! Alack, There's other work in hand. I see a thing Bitter to me as death; 
ARD. No, wrangling woman, we'll no longer stay; These words will cost ten thousand lives this day. Exeu
deceive," he remarked. "A more docile, simple folk could not be imagined." "I don't know about that," said the other t
ATHERINA. Her silence flouts me, and I'll be reveng'd. [Flies after BIANCA] BAPTISTA. What, in my sight? Bian
'What fates await the Duke of Suffolk?' SPIRIT. By water shall he die and take his end. BOLINGBROKE. 
't alone, And do the murder first. If he awake, From toe to crown he'll fill our skins with pinches; Make us strange stuff. STEPHANO. 
f starved people. PORTIA. It is almost morning, And yet I am sure you are not satisfied Of these events at full. Le
ered. The transport ship Gloria Scott was set down by the Admiralty as being lost at sea, and no word has
rd virgin exclaim in; which I held my duty speedily to acquaint you withal; sithence, in the loss that may 
Taste grief, need friends: subjected thus, How can you say to me I am a king? CARLISLE. My lord, wise 
ood raise up Issue to me; that the contending kingdoms Of France and England, whose very shores look pale Wit
 near Esher." Our client had sat up with staring eyes and every tinge of colour struck from his astonished face. "Dead? Did you say he was dead
ontinent as much As on the other side it takes from you. Wor. Yea, but a little charge will trench him her
ould get my sentence shortened for me.' "'Half a million, Small?' he gasped, looking hard at me to see if I was in earnest. "'Quite that, sir,--in jewe
e upon the next day's work. This Willoughby Smith has nothing against him either as a boy at Uppingham o
 knowing I had no such purpose? I must give myself some hurts, and say I got them in exploit. Yet slight ones will n
 perform an old contracting. Exit Act IV. Scene I. The moated grange at Saint Duke's Enter MARIANA; and BOY singing SONG Take, O, take those lips
nts, but because I have been off my head ever since the blow fell. Now I am clear again, though I dare not think of it too mu
arles, A man of great authority in France, Proffers his only daughter to your Grace In marriage, with a larg
nquest," said I, "and a good many fresh facts have come out. Looked at more closely, I should certainly say that it was a curious case." "Judging by its ef
no doubt that it is your husband's hand, madam?" "None. Neville wrote those words." "And they were posted to-day at Grav
e a dog, the heels o' th' ass. Exit FIRST LORD. He's opposite to humanity. Come, shall we in And taste Lord 
done all this and more In Alexandria. Here's the manner of't: I' th' market-place, on a tribunal silver'd, Cleopatra a
t a clue to what this house was in which I found myself. Fortunately, however, I took no steps, for l
is sofa, while I came straight round to tell you what had happened." "Most interesting," said Holmes. "Did he
y longer." "Any delay in arresting the assassin," I observed, "might give him time to perpetrate some fresh atrocity." 
 I find at such proud rate that it outspeaks Possession of a subject. NORFOLK. It's heaven's will; Some spirit put this paper in the packe
her. Calchas shall have What he requests of us. Good Diomed, Furnish you fairly for this interchange; With
ld not be admitted. ARCHBISHOP. 'Tis very true, Lord Bardolph; for indeed It was young Hotspur's case at
s repelled by the egotism which I had more than once observed to be a strong factor in my friend's singular character. "No, 
erpetrated in the house, he beat his native butler to death and narrowly escaped a capital sentence. As it was,
dear friend, as erst our ancestor, When with his solemn tongue he did discourse To love-sick Dido's sad attendi
 master's bidding, When I desire it too. PISANIO. O gracious lady, Since I receiv'd command to do this busines
 yet must I be content. We'll yoke together, like a double shadow To Henry's body, and supply his place; I mean, in
er; shall I have it? DUKE OF VENICE. Upon my power I may dismiss this court, Unless Bellario, a learned d
E SENIOR. I think he be transform'd into a beast; For I can nowhere find him like a man. FIRST LORD. My
 of care? Thy flatterers yet wear silk, drink wine, lie soft, Hug their diseas'd perfumes, and have forgot That 
 not know Wherefore my father should revengers want, Having a son and friends, since Julius Caesar, Who at Philippi the good Brutus ghost
 foreseen his fate, and that it had caused him the utmost horror. This, of course, fitted in well eno
liev'd Of one persuaded well of. POSTHUMUS. Never talk on't; She hath been colted by him. IACHIMO. If you see
vour, too sharp; men so noble, However faulty, yet should find respect For what they have been; 'tis a cruelty To load a falling man. GARDINER. Good Master Secretary, I
 With all the gracious utterance thou hast Speak to his gentle hearing kind commends. [To AUMERLE] We do debase ourselves, cousin
 grief of this suddenly died. Master Constable, let these men be bound and brought to Leonato's. I will go
ingdom to thy brother. KING EDWARD. Why then 'tis mine, if but by Warwick's gift. WARWICK. Thou art no Atlas for so great a
re's more to be consider'd; but we'll even All that good time will give us. This attempt I am soldier to
PISTOL. I will discharge upon her, Sir John, with two bullets. FALSTAFF. She is pistol-proof, sir; you sh
r. Sherlock Holmes." Never have I seen my friend more completely taken aback than by the cabman's reply. For an instant he sat i
God's sake leave me to myself!" These last words were shot out of him, as though the constraint which he was evidently s
look on death itself! Up, up, and see The great doom's image! Malcolm! Banquo! As from your graves rise
hatever the cause, Colonel Moran began to go wrong. Without any open scandal he still made India too ho
requite thy gentleness; And for an onset, Titus, to advance Thy name and honourable family, Lavinia will I make my emperess, Rome's royal mistres
ght forefinger. Her boots I didn't observe. She had small round, hanging gold earrings, and a general 
ne, mine is thy good report. 37 As a decrepit father takes delight, To see his active child do deeds of youth
ingeniously I speak, No blame belongs to thee. Ventidius lately Buried his father, by whose death he's stepp'd Into a great estate. When he was poor, Imprison'd, and in scarcity of friends, I c
arted to murmur out some sleepy words of surprise or remonstrance at this untimely preparation, when
ing; after, a wonderful sweet air, with admirable rich words to it- and then let her consider. SONG Hark, har
he back of a chair, and then took a seat. "This gentleman?" said he, with a wave in my direction. "Is 
 feet upon the ground. "He has beaten us, Watson. We are too late." "No, no, surely not!" "Fool that I was to hold my hand
 freely of thy sin, For to deny each article with oath Cannot remove nor choke the strong conception That
 nine. You will find a small brougham waiting close to the curb, driven by a fellow with a heavy blac
. PATROCLUS. Your answer, sir. THERSITES. If to-morrow be a fair day, by eleven of the clock it will 
r. Pox, leave thy damnable faces, and begin! Come, the croaking raven doth bellow for revenge. Luc. Thoughts black, hands apt
 clumsy and careless servant girl?" "My dear Holmes," said I, "this is too much. You would certainly h
ENRY. Uncle, how now! GLOUCESTER. Pardon me, gracious lord; Some sudden qualm hath struck me at the heart, And dimm'd mine eyes, that I can read no further. KING HEN
to claim his share. He walked over from the station, and was admitted by my faithful Lal Chowdar, who is now dead.
reaths, Rank of gross diet, shall we be enclouded, And forc'd to drink their vapour. IRAS. The gods 
lace is best known to you; and though we have there a substitute of most allowed sufficiency, yet opinion
ith a heavy, sullen expression upon his strongly-marked face. The son, on the other hand, had dropped all that jaunty, dashing s
at--" But I held up a warning finger. "You are here for a rest, my dear fellow. For Heaven's sake don't get started on a new problem when your nerves 
ICHARD. How high a pitch his resolution soars! Thomas of Norfolk, what say'st thou to this? MOWBRAY. O, let my sovereign t
ive leagues, We were encount'red by a mighty rock, Which being violently borne upon, Our helpful ship was splitted 
st sacred bands. Queen. So many journeys may the sun and moon Make us again count o'er ere love be done! But woe is me! you ar
an I. At least, the whisper goes so. Our last king, Whose image even but now appear'd to us, Was, as you know
im, he could at least devote his life to revenge. With indomitable patience and perseverance, Jefferson Hope possessed a
 gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things so that he has a difficulty in laying his hands up
ve and sumpter To this detested groom. [Points at Oswald.] Gon. At your choice, sir. Lear. I prithee, daughter, do not make me mad. 
easures of these days. Plots have I laid, inductions dangerous, By drunken prophecies, libels, and dreams, To set my brother Clarence 
 his country. I told Holmes how the matter stood, my heart bubbling over with thankfulness and joy. "Then th
 man doth of a death's-head or a memento mori. I never see thy face but I think upon hellfire and Dives that lived in purple; f
o did I mine, to build upon a foolish woman's promise. QUICKLY. Well, she laments, sir, for it, that it would year
m] KATHERINA. Patience, I pray you; 'twas a fault unwilling. PETRUCHIO. A whoreson, beetle-headed, fl
' unworthy takes, When he himself might his quietus make With a bare bodkin? Who would these fardels bear, To grunt and 
desartless man to be constable? 1. Watch. Hugh Oatcake, sir, or George Seacoal; for they can write and read. Dog. Com
osperous; and farewell, good fellow. Bal. [aside] For all this same, I'll hide me hereabout. His looks I
nded him If he appeal the Duke on ancient malice, Or worthily, as a good subject should, On some known ground of 
uarded Now, lords, for France; the enterprise whereof Shall be to you as us like glorious. We doubt not of a
ight I ask for a photograph of Mr. John Straker?" The Inspector took one from an envelope and handed it to hi
erlock Holmes smiled demurely. "Your Grace can hardly have heard of any small reputation which I possess, or you would not imagine that it is so easy to escape
are men of stone. Had I your tongues and eyes, I'ld use them so That heaven's vault should crack. She's gone for ever! I know when
reeds for you Than I have nam'd! The bastard Faulconbridge Is now in England ransacking the Church, Off
h you. [Takes him aside] Catesby hath sounded Hastings in our business, And finds the testy gentleman so hot That he will lose his
ault if we do not succeed in clearing the matter up. With your permission, Mr. Holder, I shall now continue my i
but she hopes there will come a time. I never knew a woman so dote upon a man: surely I think you have charms, la! Yes
TURNINUS. Now to the bottom dost thou search my wound; Poor Bassianus here lies murdered. TAMORA. Then all too late I bring this
ischief first; I have given you earnest. ALCIBIADES. Strike up the drum towards Athens. Farewell, Timon; If I thrive we
, sir, we have several among our workpeople and cleaners. I dare say they might get a peep at that sales b
nger," remarked Holmes as he folded up the epistle. "He says four o'clock. It is three now. He will be here in an hour." "Then I have ju
ich he produced upon me, until sometimes I found myself regarding him as an isolated phenomenon, a brain withou
roblem, however trivial it may prove? But here, unless I am mistaken, is our client." A measured step was heard upon the stairs, and a moment later a s
th him that were not lawful chosen. WARWICK. Thereon I pawn my credit and mine honour. LEWIS. But is he
 actual, physical deformity. I remember that during our short visit we found the vicar garrulous, but his lodger strangely reticent, a sad-faced, introspective man, sitting
y its light you saw that some terrible incident had occurred?" "Exactly." "You at once rang for help?
s eyes. "Isn't it?" "You'll tell me that in a month's time. I hear you had a talk with the patrolmen
ic for my tastes--it approaches to cold-bloodedness. I could imagine his giving a friend a little pinch of the latest vegetable alkalo
 flight of Edward's; For doubtless Burgundy will yield him help, And we shall have more wars befor't be long. As Henry's late pres
n have enough. Dost thou know Dover? Edg. Ay, master. Glou. There is a cliff, whose high and bending head Looks fearfully in the
d in the place I go to And lose my hopes. GRATIANO. Signior Bassanio, hear me: If I do not put on a so
k, Sir Thomas, I wish it grubb'd up now. LOVELL. Methinks I could Cry thee amen; and yet my conscience
'd. CLEOPATRA. That Herod's head I'll have. But how, when Antony is gone, Through whom I might command it? Come th
Is't you, sir, that know things? SOOTHSAYER. In nature's infinite book of secrecy A little I can read. ALEXAS. Show h
t blows. [Here they skirmish again] MAYOR. Nought rests for me in this tumultuous strife But to make open proclamation. 
a young fellow under thirty, amiable, unambitious, absent-minded, and the possessor of a favourite dog, which I should describ
lying villainies of nature Do swarm upon him -from the Western Isles Of kerns and gallowglasses is supplied; And 
a hydraulic press in excavating fuller's-earth, which, as I understand, is dug out like gravel from a pit.' "'Ah!' said he carelessly, 'we have our own
AGO. Nay, but he prated And spoke such scurvy and provoking terms Against your honor That, with the little godli
make up your mind," said she with a smile. "Anyone but a blind man could do as much," the other answered.
! DEMETRIUS. No, no, he will Seem to break loose- take on as you would follow, But yet come not. You are a
sy- Our friends at least. CASSIO. I pray you, sir, go forth, And give us truth who 'tis that is arrived. SECO
to be brief, my practice so prevail'd That I return'd with simular proof enough To make the noble Leonatus mad, By w
w, Lestrade?" "The most practical way of getting at it, in my opinion, is to identify the dead man. There should be no difficulty about tha
ray tell me, before we go farther, who it is that I have the pleasure of assisting." The man hesitated for an instant. "My n
 greyhound. He'll not swagger with a Barbary hen, if her feathers turn back in any show of resistance. Call him up, drawer. Exit FR
are), so long as *EITHER*: (1) The etext, when displayed, is clearly readable, and does *not* contain characters other than those intended by the author o
s Sophy Kratides, we should have no difficulty in tracing her. That must be our main hope, for the brother is, of course, a com
 and CAIUS, with bows TITUS. Come, Marcus, come; kinsmen, this is the way. Sir boy, let me see your a
 judgment." "You will have your data soon," I remarked, pointing with my finger; "this is the Brixton Road, and
 talk but idly, and you laugh at me. Most mighty prince, my Lord Northumberland, What says King Bolingbroke? Will h
 table. Holmes was silent and buried in thought with a pained expression upon his face, as one who fin
Mr. Holmes," said he. "Ha! It is the answer!" He tore it open, glanced his eyes over it, and crumpled
back descend, And turn him to no pain; but if he start, It is the flesh of a corrupted heart. PUCK. A trial, come. EVANS. Come, will this wood take fire? [T
out them. My wife had always been a woman of a frank, open nature, and it gave me a chill to see her slink
s behalf. But this is fool'ry. Go bid my woman feign a sickness; say She'll home to her father; and provide me presently 
e the great-grown traitor unawares. Brave warriors, march amain towards Coventry. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF
sed," said I, "and not an instant sooner or later." And my words were true, for shortly after eight a hansom dashed up t
eir charges off A little from this ground. BRUTUS. Lucilius, do you the like, and let no man Come to our tent till we have done ou
ou straight, sir, that I don't like it." He spoke with a sudden passion of earnestness. "Now, listen to me, Barrymore! I have no interest in this matter but t
 was possible for the thief to have come up here without disturbing us." "You must try round and get on a f
go to any expense which you think necessary. I have already offered a reward of £1000. My God, what 
all waters. MARIA. Thou mightst have done this without thy beard and gown: he sees thee not. SIR TOBY. To him in th
 have bought a glass, That I may see my shadow as I pass. Exit SCENE 3. London. The palace Enter QUEEN ELIZABETH, LORD RIVERS, and LO
, so it came to pass, Titania wak'd, and straightway lov'd an ass. OBERON. This falls out better than I could devise. But hast thou yet latch'
es BOLINGBROKE. So that by this intelligence we learn The Welshmen are dispers'd; and Salisbury Is gone to meet th
N MARGARET. Poor painted queen, vain flourish of my fortune! Why strew'st thou sugar on that bottled spider Whose de
 'life pheasant's hen' was not encouraging. Then I tried alternate words, but neither 'the of for' nor 'supply game London' 
d letters That young Octavius and Mark Antony Come down upon us with a mighty power, Bending their expedition toward Phi
and seize us? Let's away, Our tears are not yet brew'd. MALCOLM. [Aside to Donalbain.] Nor our strong sorrow Upon the foot 
us medicines of our great revenge, To cure this deadly grief. MACDUFF. He has no children. All my pret
ic the general does not greatly care. FIRST MUSICIAN. We have none such, sir. CLOWN. Then put up your pipe
hought, dead; and have, in vain, said many A prayer upon her grave. I'll not seek far- For him, I partly know his m
us prison; Hal'd thither By most mechanical and dirty hand. Rouse up revenge from ebon den with fell Alecto's snake, For Doll is in. Pistol speaks nought but truth. FALSTAFF. I will deliver her.
hat 'twere to kill a father; so should Fleance. But, peace! For from broad words, and 'cause he fail
comfortably off, and took a nice eighty-pound-a-year villa at Norbury. Our little place was very countrified, considering that it is so close to tow
and let them gaze. I will not budge for no man's pleasure, Enter Romeo. Tyb. Well, peace be with you, 
owns, but I've learned not to cry over spilled milk." "This is a very serious matter, Small," said the detective. "If you had helped justice, instead of
am charged withal. Yet such extenuation let me beg As, in reproof of many tales devis'd, Which oft the ear o
CUSE. O yes. If any hour meet a sergeant, 'a turns back for very fear. ADRIANA. As if Time were in debt! How fondly dost thou reason! DRO
us communication from a quarter which I know to be important, warning me that danger threatens a certain
lo! ISABELLA. O, 'tis the cunning livery of hell The damned'st body to invest and cover In precise guards! Dost thou think, Claudio, If I wou
hfully, "J. Davenport. "He writes from Lower Brixton," said Mycroft Holmes. "Do you not think that we migh
where it would be safe. I went out, as if on some commission, and I made for my sister's house. She had 
e they all in love, That every one her own hath garnished With such bedecking ornaments of praise? FIRST LORD. Here comes Boyet. Re-enter BOYET PRINC
e door open, officer," said Holmes. "Now, it was on those stairs that young Mr. Cunningham stood and saw the two men struggling just where 
forces BOLINGBROKE. So that by this intelligence we learn The Welshmen are dispers'd; and Salisbury Is gone to meet
ed Holmes, and I heard the sharp click of a cocking pistol. "Look out! It's coming!" There was a thin, crisp, continuo
that quick, fierce gleam of his deep-set eyes before which a Cabinet has cowered. "I am not accustomed, sir--" he began, but mas
stock SALISBURY. I grieve to hear what torments you endur'd; But we will be reveng'd sufficiently. Now it is supper-time in Orleans: Here, through this 
UCESTER. [Aside] I hear, yet say not much, but think the more. Enter a POST KING EDWARD. Now, messenger, what letters 
SIO. Pardon me, Bianca. I have this while with leaden thoughts been press'd; But I shall in a more c
, knight? AGUECHEEK. As any man in Illyria, whatsoever he be, under the degree of my betters; and yet 
 of a large villa which stood within its own grounds. A stable-boy had run out to the horse's head, and springing 
y dear father's gift stands chief in power, I come to tender it, and my appliance, With all bound humbleness. KING. We thank you, maiden; But may not be
now to examination these men. Verg. And we must do it wisely. Dog. We will spare for no wit, I warrant you. He
ith a proclamation; people following. HERALD. It is Othello's pleasure, our noble and valiant general, that upon certain tidings now
amous pearl now existing in the world, and it has been my good fortune, by a connected chain of inductive re
ing from an inner pocket. "You wouldn't squeal on a fellow?" said he. "I'll wipe my hand across your 
so safely, had it Been all the worth of's car. Away to Britain Post I in this design. Well may you, sir, Remember m
too wilful-blame, And since your coming hither have done enough To put him quite besides his patience. Yo
es. FIRST SERVING-MAN. Ay, and the very parings of our nails Shall pitch a field when we are dead. [Begin again] GLOUCESTER. Stay, stay
t of madness? Thou say'st his sports were hind'red by thy brawls. Sweet recreation barr'd, what doth ensue But mo
eir hearts. WILLOUGHBY. And daily new exactions are devis'd, As blanks, benevolences, and I wot not what; But w
ven times removed- bear your body more seeming, Audrey- as thus, sir. I did dislike the cut of a certain courtier's 
ttle enough consideration at his hands. He took the more chivalrous view, however, and preserved her secret." "And that was why she shrie
rrant presently." "Then I'll keep my eye on the parties, Mr. Holmes. If anything comes along, I will s
 'twere made Comparative for your virtues to be styl'd The under-hangman of his kingdom, and hated For being p
ce of mine And made no deeper wounds? O flatt'ring glass, Like to my followers in prosperity, Thou dost
ment of a hotel bill, which interests me deeply." "There's nothing in it. I looked at it before," said Lestrade. "'Oct. 4th, rooms 8s., breakfast 2s. 6d.,
s should enter. RUTLAND. Then let my father's blood open it again: He is a man, and, Clifford, cope with hi
oes." "What do you mean?" The constable's features broadened into a grin. "I've seen many a drunk chap in my time," he sa
readful man, Woodley, if you can call him an admirer." "No one else?" Our fair client seemed a little confused. "Who was
illing reply." We sat for some time in silence after our visitors had left. Holmes smoked hard, with h
thou ask again? PROVOST. Lest I might be too rash; Under your good correction, I have seen When, after execu
eor once, and hit that woman, who cried out 'Clubs!' when I might see from far some forty truncheoners draw to her succour,
a telegram, which Holmes handed to me. It ran: Wire received. Coming down with unsigned warrant. Arrive five-forty
ds] 'Item. That no woman shall come within a mile of my court'- Hath this been proclaimed? LONGAVILLE. Four days ago. BEROWNE. Let's see the penalty.
 said John Openshaw. He rummaged in his coat pocket, and, drawing out a piece of discoloured, blue-tinted paper, he l
Well, can you give me no further indications?" "He spoke good English, sir, and yet I thought he was a foreigner by his accent." "An
trumpets' clang? And do you tell me of a woman's tongue, That gives not half so great a blow to hear As will a chestnut in a fariner
t us as we passed. The coachman, a hard-faced, gnarled little fellow, saluted Sir Henry Baskerville, and in a few 
? BASSANIO. Every offence is not a hate at first. SHYLOCK. What, wouldst thou have a serpent sting thee twice?
tional accompaniments which have rendered it remarkable. These strange details, far from making the cas
RUCHIO. Signior Hortensio, 'twixt such friends as we Few words suffice; and therefore, if thou know One rich eno
t. [Strikes him] BASSET. Villain, thou knowest the law of arms is such That whoso draws a sword 'tis present death, Or else this blow 
 Nettled, and stung with pismires when I hear Of this vile politician, Bolingbroke. In Richard's time- what do you ca
loudy melancholy, My fleece of woolly hair that now uncurls Even as an adder when she doth unroll To do some fatal execution? N
ll, would demonstrate them now But goers backward. BERTRAM. His good remembrance, sir, Lies richer in 
vise. Exit WINCHESTER. [Aside] Each hath his place and function to attend: I am left out; for me nothing remains
aid.- Leave me, friends. [Exeunt all but Hamlet.] 'Tis now the very witching time of night, When churchyards yawn, and hell itself breathes out Contagion to this world.
p at last in Woolwich Station. There he called a cab and drew Mycroft's paper from his pocket. "We have quite a l
rd of! RIVERS. Tyrants themselves wept when it was reported. DORSET. No man but prophesied revenge for it. BUCKINGHA
e more engrossed by the case. "Fortune has been your friend." "This was not all. I have a new writin
foul imaginary eyes of blood Presented thee more hideous than thou art. O, answer not; but to my closet bring 
a pleasant smile. "My dear fellow," said he, "Holmes, with all his wisdom, did not foresee some things whic
r Grace. DUKE OF VENICE. I am sorry for thee; thou art come to answer A stony adversary, an inhuman wretch, Uncapable of pity, void and empty From 
give him note of our approach, With the whole quality wherefore; I fear We shall be much unwelcome. A
gn yet. I cannot afford to throw any extra strain upon it." He smiled at my vehemence. "Perhaps you are righ
ur noble mother; and as I hear, my lord, The Lady Constance in a frenzy died Three days before; but this from rumo
me. Leon. A victory is twice itself when the achiever brings home full numbers. I find here that Don Pedro hath bestowed much honour on a young Floren
n thy solemness out o' door and go along with us. VIRGILIA. No, at a word, madam; indeed I must not. I wish you much mirth.
ht nor greatness in mortality Can censure scape; back-wounding calumny The whitest virtue strikes. What kin
 well-known resident of that suburb, where he has carried on his business as a builder for many years. Mr. 
ULIA. [Aside] 'Tis true, such pearls as put out ladies' eyes; For I had rather wink than look on them. THURIO. How likes she my discourse? 
is my rich gift. O Ferdinand! Do not smile at me that I boast her off, For thou shalt find she will outstrip all praise, And make 
mysterious affair had occurred. Holmes walked in, and I followed him with that subdued feeling at my hea
re. Could you take me away?" A struggle passed for a moment over McMurdo's face; but it ended by setting 
CENE 2. France. Plains in Anjou Enter CHARLES, BURGUNDY, ALENCON, BASTARD, REIGNIER, LA PUCELLE, and for
hool boy, worthless of such honor, Join'd with a masker and a reveler! ANTONY. Old Cassius still! OCTAVI
 in ten, quoth 'a! An we might have a good woman born before every blazing star, or at an earthquake, 'twou
our By this unheedful, desperate, wild adventure. York set him on to fight and die in shame. That, Talbot 
oung playfellow. HERMIONE. Grace to boot! Of this make no conclusion, lest you say Your queen and I are devils. Yet, go on; Th' offences we have mad
e; for we are high-proof melancholy, and would fain have it beaten away. Wilt thou use thy wit? Bene. It is in my scabbard. Shal
but in the suburbs Of your good pleasure? If it be no more, Portia is Brutus' harlot, not his wife. BRUTUS. You are my true and honorable 
ruly, thou art damn'd, like an ill-roasted egg, all on one side. CORIN. For not being at court? Your reaso
and undoes description to do it. SECOND GENTLEMAN. What, pray you, became of Antigonus, that carried 
careless servant girl?" "My dear Holmes," said I, "this is too much. You would certainly have been burned, had you lived a few centurie
 by everything you hold dear to answer a few questions. We have always been friends. For God's sake,
u are right," said Holmes demurely; "you do find it very hard to tackle the facts." "Anyhow, I have gras
dramatic reappearance." "I am all right, but indeed, Holmes, I can hardly believe my eyes. Good heavens, to think that you--you o
 He presently, as greatness knows itself, Steps me a little higher than his vow Made to my father, whi
I speak of Africa and golden joys. FALSTAFF. O base Assyrian knight, what is thy news? Let King Cophetua know the truth
d forgive me! Exeunt BUCKINGHAM and train FIRST GENTLEMAN. O, this is full of pity! Sir, it calls, I fear, too many curses on thei
no have mercy! How came it cloven? PANDARUS. Why, you know, 'tis dimpled. I think his smiling becomes him be
rs. LUCENTIO. Spit in the hole, man, and tune again. BIANCA. Now let me see if I can construe it: 'Hic ibat Simois' I know you not- 'hic e
ibe me," said Holmes cheerfully. "My companion is also a dangerous ruffian. And together we are going through your house." Our opponent opened the 
- hath referr'd herself Unto a poor but worthy gentleman. She's wedded; Her husband banish'd; she imprison'd. All Is outward sorrow, though I think the Kin
 DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. O yes. If any hour meet a sergeant, 'a turns back for very fear. ADRIANA. As if Time were in debt! How fondly dost tho
ather far-reaching consequences. He is a very methodical person, and I did not desire you to start before s
'd to drink their vapour. IRAS. The gods forbid! CLEOPATRA. Nay, 'tis most certain, Iras. Saucy lictors Will catch at us like strumpets, and scald rhymers Ballad
 be taken down, and may be used against you." "I've got a good deal to say," our prisoner said slowly. "I want to tell you gentlemen all about i
 considerable finesse. An ordinary schemer would have been content to work with a savage hound. The use of artificial means to make the
 fresh to his mind, or what freak had caused him to desire that I should recount it; but I hasten, before another
 he has no judgment, and he can't sprint for nuts. Why, Morton or Johnson, the Oxford fliers, could rom
 he unarms him. PANDARUS. Good boy, tell him I come. Exit Boy I doubt he be hurt. Fare ye well, good niece. CRESSIDA. Adieu, uncle. 
 heroic self-sacrifice and that anything dishonourable would be repugnant to her." "Have you her photograph?" "I brought this 
 him well, Watson. He is such an inscrutable fellow that I never quite know what to make of him. Do you think
 in my chair and stared at him in blank amazement. "What is this, Holmes?" I cried. "This is beyond anything which I could have imagined." He laughed heartily at my perplexity
 my lord, and fear We have landed in ill time; the skies look grimly And threaten present blusters. In my conscience, The
 of print, but I know without reading it that it is all perfectly familiar to me. There is, of course, the other 
 ones? Did you say all? O hell-kite! All? What, all my pretty chickens and their dam At one fell swoop? MALC
 prevail'd Upon my body with their hellish charms? HASTINGS. The tender love I bear your Grace, my lord, Makes me most forward in this princely presence To doo
 the wire. For a long time he gazed upward at it, and then in an attempt to get nearer to it he rested his knee upo
 the word of war. ANTONY. You do mistake your business; my brother never Did urge me in his act. I did inquire it, And have my learning from some true reports That drew their sw
 the world. ALENCON. We'll set thy statue in some holy place, And have thee reverenc'd like a blessed sai
 thee. I will not ruinate my father's house, Who gave his blood to lime the stones together, And set up Lancaster. Why, trowest thou, War
 them into confounding odds, that beasts May have the world in empire! APEMANTUS. Would 'twere so! But not till I am dead. I
 there is my purse; I give thee this For thy sweet mistress' sake, because thou lov'st her. Farewell. Exit SILVIA 
 these contents, Without debatement further, more or less, He should the bearers put to sudden death, Not shriving time allow'd. Hor. How was this seal'd? Ham. Why, even in tha
 these paltry, servile, abject drudges! Small things make base men proud: this villain here, Being captain of a pinnace, threatens more Than Bargulus, the strong Illyrian pir
 these waters to those baby eyes That never saw the giant world enrag'd, Nor met with fortune other than at feasts, Full of warm blood, of mirth, o
 they make forms. Women, help heaven! Men their creation mar In profiting by them. Nay, call us ten times frail; For we are soft as our complexions are, And credulous to false prints. ANGELO. 
 to the extent allowable by law ("IBC" is Illinois Benedictine College). (Subscriptions to our paper newsl
 will not hear you, but are gone To offer service to your enemy; And wild amazement hurries up and down The littl
 witchcraft, who of force must know The royal fool thou cop'st with- SHEPHERD. O, my heart! POLIXENES. I'll have thy beauty sc
 you would care to step across, Mr. Holmes." "The fates are against you, Watson," said he, laughing. "We were chatting abo
 you, sir, is it your will To make a stale of me amongst these mates? HORTENSIO. Mates, maid! How mean you 
 your uncle? PERCY. I had thought, my lord, to have learn'd his health of you. NORTHUMBERLAND. Why, is 
, I would desire they were; but, in faith, honest as the skin between his brows. Verg. Yes, I thank God I am as
, where he is to behold him with flies blown to death. But what talk we of these traitorly rascals, whose
. That second window is the one that I jumped from." "Well, at least," said Holmes, "you have had your revenge upon them. There can be no question t
. The third part, then, is drunk. Would it were all, That it might go on wheels! ENOBARBUS. Drink thou; increase the reels. MENAS. Come. POMPEY. This is not yet an A
." "I think that I had better go, Holmes." "Not a bit, Doctor. Stay where you are. I am lost without my Boswell. And this promises to be interesti
." "I'll fix the old devil!" said McGinty with an oath. "I've had my eye on him this year past." "Well, y
." "Sure, hard words break no bones." "But they were true." "Well, dear, it's not so bad as you think. We a
E COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLL
IUS. Most true, he does. TITUS. And he wears jewels now of Timon's gift, For which I wait for money. HORTENSIUS.
NIUS. Nay, come away. Exeunt CORIOLANUS and COMINIUS, with others PATRICIANS. This man has marr'd his fortune. MENE
SS. And to be a soldier? FIRST GENTLEMAN. Such is his noble purpose; and, believe 't, The Duke will lay upon him all the honour That good convenience claims. COUNTESS. Return you thither? SECON
and bizarre I experience once again the dismay and horror with which I was filled. Would that I had some brighter ending to communicate to my readers, b
and skirts, round underborne with a blush tinsel. But for a fine, quaint, graceful, and excellent fashion, yours is worth ten on't. Hero. God give me joy t
and soldiers; the dead body of PACORUS borne before him VENTIDIUS. Now, darting Parthia, art thou struck, and no
and that the King was an usurper. SUFFOLK. Who is there? [Enter servant] Take this fellow in, and send for his master with a pursuivant presently. We'll hear more of yo
and which vital. Otherwise your energy and attention must be dissipated instead of being concentrated. Now, in this case there was not the slightest
at these great tow'rs, trophies, and schools, should fall For private faults in them. SECOND SENATOR. Nor are they living Who were t
ave Dunn and Menzies, for I did not know enough; but I will see that their murderers are hanged. I gave 
e are, however, some cogent reasons against it. Fortunately, there is one man in England who knows all about it, and I have made arrangements by which we shall hear the facts this after
e that she is in London, but as we have at present no possible means of telling where, we can only take the obvious steps, e
ense or changes right or wrong. In so profound abysm I throw all care Of others' voices, that my adder's sense, To critic and to flatterer stopped are: Mark how with my neglect I do dis
ent man, and spoke excellent English, having served for three years as waiter at the Grosvenor Hotel in London. A
ent to me." In my heart I accused my companion of putting forward a most lame and impotent excuse to cover his failure. What data could he expec
ented me from uttering any sound. It was at this instant that my unfortunate husband entered the room. He had evidently heard
for me. The craze for drink had seized him again, and he ordered me to pull up outside a gin palace. He went in, leaving wo
four crosses in a line with their arms touching. Beside it is written, in very rough and coarse characters, 'The sign of the four,--Jonathan Small, Mahomet Singh, Abdullah Khan, Dost Akba
had appeared. Mrs. Douglas turned, and in an instant her arms were round him. Barker had seized his ou
hat touch me near, wherein thou must be secret. 'Tis not unknown to thee that I have sought To match my friend Sir Thurio to my daughter. VALENTINE. I know it well, my lord; and, sure, 
hat you have been unwell lately. Summer colds are always a little trying." "I was confined to the house by a severe chill for three days last week. I thought, however, that I had cast off ever
he shook The holy water from her heavenly eyes, And clamour moisten'd. Then away she started To deal with gri
his eyes, He did discharge a horrible oath, whose tenour Was, were he evil us'd, he would outgo His father by as much as a performance Does an irresolute purpose. KING. There's his period, To sh
his is against our pleasure. WOLSEY. And for me, I have no further gone in this than by A single voice; and that not pass'd
his may save us a visit to Brixton Road," whispered Holmes. "Come with me, and we will see what is to be made of this fellow." Striding throug
his pocket, a fierce-looking elderly man strode out from the gate with a hunting-crop swinging in his hand. 
ing hour, Let it not tell your judgement I am old: Not age, but sorrow, over me hath power. I might as yet have been a spreading flower, Fres
ith a weaver's beam; because I know also life is a shuttle. I am in haste; go along with me; I'll. t
ith precious lading to the bay From whence at first she weigh'd her anchorage, Cometh Andronicus, bound with laurel boug
ith usurping blood. [He stamps with his foot and the soldiers show themselves] KING HENRY. My Lord of Warwick, he
lf. ANNE. Vouchsafe, diffus'd infection of a man, Of these known evils but to give me leave By circumstance to accuse thy cursed self. GLOUCESTER. Fairer than tongue can name thee, let me have Some p
may deem of me? For it is known we were but hollow friends: It may be judg'd I made the Duke away; S
mine own. TOUCHSTONE. And I mine. I remember, when I was in love, I broke my sword upon a stone, and bid him take that f
ng temporizer that Canst with thine eyes at once see good and evil, Inclining to them both. Were my wife's liver Infected as her life, she would not liv
nly be taken fighting hard with flashing fang and claw, or would it prove to be some skulking jackal, dangerous only to the weak and
nony, hey nony) And in his grave rain'd many a tear. Fare you well, my dove! Laer. Hadst thou thy wits, and didst persuade revenge, It could not mo
om that fair use, Revolts from true birth, stumbling on abuse. Virtue itself turns vice, being misappl
ore frowns he thus? 'Tis his aspect of terror. All's not well. KING. How now, my lord? You do desire to know Wherefore I sent for you. CRANMER. [Kneeling] It is my duty T
our ways; whose wraths to guard you from- Which here, in this most desolate isle, else falls Upon your heads-is nothing but he
rom me. Our poesy is as a gum, which oozes From whence 'tis nourish'd. The fire i' th' flint Shows not till it be struck: our gentle flame Provokes itself, and like the current flies Each
sent- LUCIUS. Ha! What has he sent? I am so much endeared to that lord: he's ever sending. How shall I th
t lord, brought low by his own heart, Undone by goodness! Strange, unusual blood, When man's worst s
ted after you, On Helen's cheek all art of beauty set, And you in Grecian tires are painted new: Speak of the
ten mile afoot to see a good armour; and now will he lie ten nights awake carving the fashion of a new doublet. He was 
the Liverpool express. They were afterwards seen together upon the platform. Nothing more is known of them until Mr. Drebber's body was, 
the best that is. In a retreat he outruns any lackey: marry, in coming on he has the cramp. FIRST SOLDIER. If your life be saved, wi
the lady." "When did she vanish, then?" "At the wedding breakfast." "Indeed. This is more interesting than it promised to be; quite dramatic,
the little golden disk. "Just let us hear it all in your own way as it occurred." Rance sat down on the horsehair sofa, a
uld understand English, even if he could not print it. Let us see if we can pick up the trace again. Yes, here we are--three days later. 'Am making successful arrangements. P
wards were eager to entirely forget.' "Mr. Trevor stood slowly up, fixed his large blue eyes upon me with a strange wild stare, and then pitched forward, wit
withdraw, To furnish me with some swift means of death For the fair devil. Now art thou my lieutenant. IAGO. I am your own fo
you fiery-footed steeds, Towards Phoebus' lodging! Such a wagoner As Phaeton would whip you to the West And bring in 
you need a change. Let me suggest that you take one. How would Lausanne do, my dear Watson--first-class tic
you really go? He may be here any moment." "No. I'm sorry, but I have already overstayed my time. We shall expect you early to-
S PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIE
h as short as a new-ta'en sparrow. Exit TROILUS. Even such a passion doth embrace my bosom. My heart beats thicker than a feverous pulse, And a
d be injudicious and offensive. So painful a scandal may well be allowed to die out. With due discretion the i
s he loved his cousin, however, there was an excellent explanation why he should retain her secret--the more so 
k him in that light when he first called us in. However, let us see what Jim Browner has to say for himself. This is his statement as made before In
f in practice in London and took us to live with him in the old ancestral house at Stoke Moran. The money whic
o is thy lord? EMILIA. He that is yours, sweet lady. DESDEMONA. I have none. Do not talk to me, Emilia; I cannot weep, nor answer
y me and my utmost hopes, I should have found in some place of my soul A drop of patience; but, alas, to make me A fixed figure for 
o my companions, who followed my remarks very carefully and asked several practical questions as to how they should proceed to set it right. When I had made it clear 
r my death, the one half of my lands And, in possession, twenty thousand crowns. PETRUCHIO. And for that do
s not when he would steal the lamb. No, no, my sovereign, Gloucester is a man Unsounded yet, and full of deep deceit. CARDINAL. Did he not, contrary t
o nothing." "Possibly not. But I happen to know that Dr. Ainstree, the greatest living authority upon tropical disease, is now in London. All remonstrance is useless, Holmes, I am going this insta
l them how much I lack of a man. FABIAN. Give ground if you see him furious. SIR TOBY. Come, Sir Andrew, there's no remedy; the gentle
d they prove to have no connection whatever with the matter in hand. Then it was that in my despair and disappointment, after a sleepless night, I came 
s to act, to do, and to perform; argal, she drown'd herself wittingly. Other. Nay, but hear you, Goodma
d to be in order to see as he passed what papers were on the central table. I am six feet high, and I could do it with
g to put the female name Rachel, but was disturbed before he or she had time to finish. You mark my words, when this case comes to be
l to see how you work it out." He chuckled to himself and rubbed his long, nervous hands together. "It is simplicity itsel
e to you, and the gentleman was about to give us an account of this very interesting affair, which might aid us in clearing it up." "I think there will be 
s you do prompt mine ear; And I will stoop and humble my intents To your well-practis'd wise directions. And, Princes all, believe me, I beseech you, My father is gone wild into his grave, For in
d your venison better; it was ill kill'd. How doth good Mistress Page?-and I thank you always with my heart, l
y your populous troops. But you are come A market-maid to Rome, and have prevented The ostentation of our love, wh
n. I make as good use of it as many a man doth of a death's-head or a memento mori. I never see thy face but I think upon hellfire and Dives that lived in purpl
Have patience, noble Duke, I may not open; The Cardinal of Winchester forbids. From him I have express commandment That thou nor no
ld. A partial slander sought I to avoid, And in the sentence my own life destroy'd. Alas, I look'd when some of you should
me to Lee a gentleman, Neville St. Clair by name, who appeared to have plenty of money. He took a large villa, laid out the grounds very nicely, and lived generally in good
tell thee joyful tidings, girl. Jul. And joy comes well in such a needy time. What are they, I beseech your ladyship? Lady. Wel
 ever seen any strange creature or heard the baying of a hound. The latter question he put to me several times, and alw
sever'd in religion, their heads are both one; they may jowl horns together like any deer i' th' herd. COUNTESS. Wilt thou ever be a foul-mouth'd and
this job as far as can at present be ascertained, although the police are making energetic inquiries as to his whereab
gland's treasure, Enough to purchase such another island, So thou wilt let me live and feel no pain. KING HENRY. Ah, what a sign it is of evil life Where
ns there. Is this true? ENOBARBUS. This was but as a fly by an eagle. We had much more monstrous matter of feast, which worthily deserved noting. MAECENAS. She's a most triumphant lady
rtillon system of measurements, and he expressed his enthusiastic admiration of the French savant. We found our client still under 
 us'd With checks as flatteries, when they are seen abus'd. Remember what I have said. Osw. Very well, madam. Gon. And let h
TE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BE
me by name; But for Achilles, my own searching eyes Shall find him by his large and portly size. AGAMEMNON.Worthy all arms! as welcome as to one That would be rid of s
t, dear me, what's this? Somebody hurt? Not--don't tell me that it is our friend Sir Henry!" He hurried past me and stooped over the dead man. I heard a shar
s, do not think of him. If he love Caesar, all that he can do Is to himself, take thought and die for Cae
me it is couched in so unfortunate a manner, and certain phrases in it are of so provocative a character, that its publication would undoubt
ut it plainly, Mr. Holmes. If only you two know of this incident, there is no reason why it should go any farther. I think twelve thousand pounds is the su
if it went against him at the Assizes." "I am glad to hear you say so," said Holmes gravely. "I would have spoken now had it n
rn my glass, and give my scene such growing As you had slept between. Leontes leaving- Th' effects of his fond jealousies so grievi
of my unthrifty son? 'Tis full three months since I did see him last. If any plague hang over us, 'tis he. I would to God, my lords, he might be found. Inquire at Lon
ds of broken English at me, her eyes glancing back, like those of a frightened horse, into the gloom behind her. "'I wou
nt of life, not a condition of it. It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers." Percy Phelps
my soul Wiped the black scruples, reconciled my thoughts To thy good truth and honor. Devilish Macbeth By many of these trains hath sou
ct than in that dark grimy apartment, which looked out upon one of the main arteries of suburban London. Lestrade, lean and ferret-like as ever, was standing b
d, that for strange effects and extraordinary combinations we must go to life itself, which is always far more daring than any effort of the imagina
ch the Moor is defective in. Now, for want of these required conveniences, her delicate tenderness will find itself ab
ll the rites of knighthood else Will I make good against thee, arm to arm, What I have spoke or thou canst worst devise. MOWBRAY. I take it up; and by that sword I swear Wh
en there is the peril of waters, winds, and rocks. The man is, notwithstanding, sufficient. Three thou
nd things strange, but this sore night Hath trifled former knowings. ROSS. Ah, good father, Thou seest the heavens, as troubled with man's act, Threaten his bloo
as to be booked through to Paris. Then, having taken another look round, I returned to my carriage, where
ed to his keeping. It is absurd, impossible, preposterous to anyone who knew him." "But the facts, Miss Westbury?" "Yes
ng to keep in; therefore it charges me in manners the rather to express myself. You must know of me then, Antonio,
r, whose life I have spar'd At suit of his grey beard- Kent. Thou whoreson zed! thou unnecessary letter! My lord, if you'll give me le
ll you must show fairly outwards) should more appear like entertainment than yours. You are welcome. But my uncle-
nd you have a quick eye for colour. Never trust to general impressions, my boy, but concentrate yourself upon details. My first glance is always at a woman's sle
ly your country's friend, And temp'rately proceed to what you would Thus violently redress. BRUTUS. Sir, those cold ways, That seem like prudent helps, are
 WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELEC
 have carried this because I thought it might be useful," said he. "The policeman has recognised it." She gave a gasp and her head dropped back in the chair. "Co
'There are five sovereigns here,' said he, walking up to me, 'which will, I hope, be a sufficient fee. But remember,' he added, tapping me lightly on the chest and giggling, 'if you spea
t here's one in place I cannot pardon. To Lucio] You, sirrah, that knew me for a fool, a coward, One all of luxury, an ass, a madman! Wherein have I so dese
o his bed, give him promise of satisfaction. I will presently to Saint Luke's; there, at the moated grange, resides this dejected Mariana. At that place call upon
iring mathematical coach, who is, I dare say, working out problems upon a black-board ten miles away. You will not wo
 His daughters seek his death. Ah, that good Kent! He said it would be thus- poor banish'd man! Thou say'st the King grows mad: I'll 
I'll tell thee ere thou ask it me again. I have been feasting with mine enemy, Where on a sudden one hath wounded me That's by me
zement and his disappointment. He looked sharply from Holmes to me. "Dear me! What a very shocking affair! How did he die?" "He appears to
 on me: what wreck discern you in me Deserves your pity? IACHIMO. Lamentable! What, To hide me from the radiant sun and solace I' th' dungeon by a snuff? IMOGEN. I pray you, sir, De
 and inferior breath, And he himself not present? O, forfend it, God, That in a Christian climate souls refin'd Should show so heinous, bl
 your guide. NORTHUMBERLAND. Alas, sweet wife, my honour is at pawn; And but my going nothing can redeem it. 
ost thou entreat me, Hector? To-morrow do I meet thee, fell as death; To-night all friends. HECTOR. Thy hand upon that match. AGAMEMNON. First, al
anted fuller information." So saying I raised my hat and went upon my way, leaving them still seated behind that concealing hedge. I looked back as I ro
estions. Remember that she comes of a caste who do not lightly show emotion." "She was certainly much moved." "Rem
 hut again for some time; but at last he forced himself to do so in order to obtain the information which he needed. Surely that is all simple an
RKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONI
 my dear Gertrude, this, Like to a murd'ring piece, in many places Give, me superfluous death. A noise within. Queen. Alack, what n
r," he gasped. "On what charge?" "That of murdering their coachman, William Kirwan." The Inspector stared about him in bewilderment. "Oh, come now, Mr. Holmes," said he at last, "I
ich if I can save, so; if not, honour comes unlook'd for, and there's an end. Exit. Scene IV. Another part of the field. Alarum
ing in my ears, and next moment I fell in a dead faint among the rose-bushes. "How long I remained unconscious I cannot tel
way in search of his son. The mother was at home--a little, fluffy, blue-eyed person, in a tremor of fear and indignation. Of cour
red in the early days of my association with Holmes, when we were sharing rooms as bachelors in Baker Street. It is p
 It is absolutely unique, and its value can only be conjectured, but the reward offered of £1000 is certainly not within a twen
 It is not Caesar's natural vice to hate Our great competitor. From Alexandria This is the news: he fishe
eld it that it was short and written in a scrawling hand. He had suffered for years from an enlarged spl
ion of Chesterfield. "What do you make of that, Watson?" Holmes whispered. "It looks like a flight." "A single man in a dog-cart, so far as I could see. Well, it certainl
ote on her for anything. I have years on my back forty-eight. Lear. Follow me; thou shalt serve me. If I like thee no worse after dinner, I
et; the happier for thy son. And now by law, as well as reverend age, I may entitle thee my loving father: The sister to my wife, this gentlewoman, T
ply the result of a whim or fancy was more than I could determine. I might have rebelled against these exasperating solos had 
No, they cannot touch me for coming; I am the King himself. Edg. O thou side-piercing sight! Lear. Nature 's above art in that respect. There's your press money. That fellow
rks to guide me, but the carpet was of a dun colour, which lends itself very well to examination. I therefore smoked a great number of those 
ou, to look pale? These two have 'ticed me hither to this place. A barren detested vale you see it is: The tree
e I to the Parliament, Either to be restored to my blood, Or make my ill th' advantage of my good. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 
rue to us? ROBIN. Ay, I'll be sworn. My master knows not of your being here, and hath threat'ned to put me into everlasting liberty, if I
us; you shall see anon. ANTENOR passes CRESSIDA. Who's that? PANDARUS. That's Antenor. He has a shrewd wit, I can tell you; and he's a m
son your only mean For powers In Scotland; which, for divers reasons Which I shall send you written, be assur'd Will easily be granted. [To Northumberland] You,
nce. Why, thou owest God a death. Exit. Fal. 'Tis not due yet. I would be loath to pay him before his day. What ne
 Crave leave to view these ladies and entreat An hour of revels with 'em. WOLSEY. Say, Lord Chamberlain, They have done my poor ho
lence, as the dead are wont, And sleep in peace, slain in your country's wars. O sacred receptacle of my joys, Sweet cell of virtue and nobility, How many sons 
 one's eyes of either side's nose, that what a man cannot smell out, 'a may spy into. Lear. I did her wrong. Fool. Canst tell how an oyster makes 
order to master the particulars. It seems, from what I gather, to be one of those simple cases which are 
 eyes too, and such an ache in my bones that unless a man were curs'd I cannot tell what to think on'
ng his legend." "Yes, I remember." "I was looking out for loiterers in the street, but I saw none. We are dealing with a clever man, Watson. This matter cuts
 'widower Aeneas' too? Good Lord, how you take it! ADRIAN. 'Widow Dido' said you? You make me study of that. She was of Carthage, no
eeping of us. If you don't--it's a fine, law-abiding country is England, and there's always a policeman within hail.
ything to say you will find me writing my report in the sitting-room." Holmes had recovered his equanimity, though I still seemed to det
nowing your admirable tenacity I was convinced that you were sitting in ambush, a weapon within reac
turned our steps towards this ill-omened house in which they had met their strange fate. It was a large and bright dwelling, r
. Your honour not o'erthrown by your desires, I am friend to them and you. Upon which errand I now go toward him; therefore, follow me, And mark what way I make. Come, good m
e your hand, Menas; if our eyes had authority, here they might take two thieves kissing. MENAS. All men's faces are true, 
doms that you claim Hear no more of you. This the Dauphin speaks. KING HENRY. What treasure, uncle? EXETER. Tenn
nter Juliet alone. Jul. Gallop apace, you fiery-footed steeds, Towards Phoebus' lodging! Such a wagoner As Phaeton 
man. Let me see now- To get his place, and to plume up my will In double knavery- How, how?- Let's see- After some time, to
ars. My dear lord! Thou art one o' th' false ones. Now I think on thee My hunger's gone; but even before, I was At point to sink for food. But what is 
ORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COL
Here comes a man of comfort, whose advice Hath often still'd my brawling discontent. Exit BOY I cry you merc
 th' court? CAMILLO. None rare, my lord. POLIXENES. The King hath on him such a countenance As he had lost some province, and a region Lov'd a
hich if to-day thou shed, Lament we may, but not revenge thee dead. BOLINGBROKE. O, let no noble eye profane a tear For me, if I be gor'd with Mowbray's spear. As confident as is the falcon's 
well in my wits as any man in Illyria. CLOWN. Well-a-day that you were, sir! MALVOLIO. By this hand,
have me King, why, chance may crown me Without my stir. BANQUO. New honors come upon him, Like our strange garments
, by my soul. Ver. Pray God my news be worth a welcome, lord. The Earl of Westmoreland, seven thousand strong, Is marching
y is nam'd, And rouse him at the name of Crispian. He that shall live this day, and see old age, Will yearly on 
smen of the beastly plebeians. I will be bold to take my leave of you. [BRUTUS and SICINIUS go aside] 
rted on the subject without any circumlocution. "It seems to me, mister," said he, "that you are gettin' set on 
man, seemed glad to see him once more. After a glass or two of whisky he broached the object of his visit. "Say, McMurdo," said he, "I remembered your address, 
 For the inheritance of their loves and safeguard Of what that want might ruin. MENENIUS. Noble lady! Come, go with us, speak fair; you may sa
. In the left-hand corner is a curious hieroglyphic like four crosses in a line with their arms touching. Besi
y to thee, Thou virtuous Dauphin, alter not the doom Forethought by heaven! BLANCH. Now shall I see thy love. What motive may Be str
w in their newest gloss, Not cast aside so soon. LADY MACBETH. Was the hope drunk Wherein you dress'd yourself? Hath it slept since? And wakes it now, to look so green and pal
them then, the tribute that I owe, Mine honour's ensigns humbled at thy feet. SATURNINUS. Thanks, noble Titus, father of my life. Ho
part therein we banish with yourselves, To keep the oath that we administer: You never shall, so help you truth and God, Embrace each other's love in b
Away they went, and I was just wondering whether I should not do well to follow them when up the lane came 
arms to embrace me as a friend. I am the turned forth, be it known to you, That have preserv'd her wel
that we have in hand: I say, my sovereign, York is meetest man To be your Regent in the realm of France. SUFFOLK. Before we make el
know you lack not folly to commit them and have ability enough to make such knaveries yours. CLOWN. 'Tis 
hank you, Watson, you must help me on with my coat. When we have finished at the police-station I think that something nutritious at Simpson's wo
iven you. Let the whole incident be a sealed book, and do not allow it to affect your life." "You are very kind, Mr
 wip'd away the blot; Therefore, when merchant-like I sell revenge, Broke be my sword, my arms torn and defac'd, And I proclaim'd a co
ness." "Really! You surprise me." "Who ever heard of such a mixed affair? Every clue seems to slip through my f
I. "Now this was a case in which you were given the result and had to find everything else for yourself. Now let me endeavour to show y
Medical Officer for the parishes of Grimpen, Thorsley, and High Barrow." "No mention of that local hunt, Watson," said Holmes wit
ooked it. Just toss it over to me. Here it is, under the financial column. Perhaps you would be good enough to read it alou
ks shall fade To paly ashes, thy eyes' windows fall Like death when he shuts up the day of life; Each part, depriv'd of supple government, Shall, st
me That clogs me with this answer." LENNOX. And that well might Advise him to a caution, to hold what distance His wisdom can provide. Some holy angel Fly to the court of England and un
 delight. 48 How careful was I when I took my way, Each trifle under truest bars to thrust, That to my use it might unused stay From hands of false
 upon that match. AGAMEMNON. First, all you peers of Greece, go to my tent; There in the full convive we; afterwards, As Hector's leisure and your bounties shall Concur together, severally 
th And fence not Athens! Matrons, turn incontinent. Obedience, fail in children! Slaves and fools, Pluck the
ething to be a reasonable man, grew so in love with the wenches' song that he would not stir his pettitoes till he had both tune and 
ly for a minute or so. Then I locked the door and went to my room." "Whom do you suspect?" "Oh, I would not venture to say, sir. I don't believe there is any gentleman in this U
It is too true an evil: gone she is, And what's to come of my despised time Is nought but bitterness. Now, Roderigo, Where didst thou see her? O unhappy 
 sent to a young misses' boarding-school. You speak to your mate upon the left to-night, and see if he
o alter favor ever is to fear. Leave all the rest to me. Exeunt. SCENE VI. Before Macbeth's castle. Hautboys and torches. Enter Duncan, Ma
 last I determined to see them before I died. I saved enough to bring me across, and then I came here wher
was a Spaniard. I suggest that 'D' stands for Dolores, a common female name in Spain." "Good, Watson, very good--but quite
'd up The cank'red heaps of strange-achieved gold; For this they have been thoughtful to invest Their 
lain, Whose bowels suddenly burst out. The King Yet speaks, and peradventure may recover. BASTARD. Who didst thou leave to te
 live as freely as thy lord To call his fortunes thine. VIOLA. I'll do my best To woo your lady. [Aside] Yet, a barful stri
dence at the Hall struck me as peculiarly unecclesiastical. I have already made some inquiries at a clerical agency, an
 That in your chambers gave you chastisement? No. Know the gallant monarch is in arms And like an eagle o'er his
ut he is resolute. I'll tell thee, Charles, it is the stubbornest young fellow of France; full of ambition, an envious emul
t are my other shortcomings. I get in the dumps at times, and don't open my mouth for days on end. You must not think I am sulky when I do that. Just let me alone
ssion of a lawn and trees on each side of me as I entered. Whether these were private grounds, however, or bona-fide country was more than I co
weary of advertising my virtues and of endeavouring to send me on every sufferer over whom he might have any influence. One morning, at a little before seven o'clock, I was awa
 rest of that individual lay in a pile of white hair and old books upon the table. Holmes looked even th
 keep the ring, 'tis true. I am sure She would not lose it. Her attendants are All sworn and honourable- they induc'd to steal 
d all the tribe of hell, thou shalt enjoy her- therefore make money. A pox of drowning thyself! It is clean out of t
loved them most. OTHELLO. And so she did. IAGO. Why, go to then. She that so young could give out such a seem
ainst these exasperating solos had it not been that he usually terminated them by playing in quick succession a whole series of my favourite airs as
nd so they parted. SOLANIO. I think he only loves the world for him. I pray thee, let us go and find him out, And quicken his embraced heavine
never to allow Sir Henry to go out alone will become very much more onerous if a love affair were to be added to our other diffi
begin to brawl. SECOND MERCHANT. The hour steals on; I pray you, sir, dispatch. ANGELO. You hear how he importunes me-the chain! ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Why, give it to my wife, a
nswer to it. MONTANO. Worthy Othello, I am hurt to danger. Your officer, Iago, can inform you- While
right to private judgment, but he has none. He must disclose all, or he is a traitor to his service. In a doubtful case I woul
 'tis your brother Cassius at the door, Who doth desire to see you. BRUTUS. Is he alone? LUCIUS. No, sir
 time your symptoms began?" "No, no; nothing." "Think again." "I'm too ill to think." "Well, then, I'll help you. Did 
 worn your eyes almost out in the service, you will be considered. MRS. OVERDONE. What's to do here, Thomas Tapster? L
 long? Hast thou not learn'd me how To make perfumes? distil? preserve? yea, so That our great king himself doth woo me oft For my confections? Having thus far proceeded- Unle
OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WI
 HELENA. But by the ear, that hears most nobly of him; His face I know not. DIANA. What some'er he is, He's bravely tak
rs; call the messenger. BASSANIO. Good cheer, Antonio! What, man, courage yet! The Jew shall have my flesh, blood, bones, and all, Ere
derstand thee well; and be thou sure, When he shall come to his account, he knows not What I can urge against him. Although it seems, And so he think
old, and to temptation slow: They rightly do inherit heaven's graces, And husband nature's riches from ex
beetle that we tread upon In corporal sufferance finds a pang as great As when a giant dies. CLAUDIO. Why give you me this
nge me the Count's youth to fight with him; hurt him in eleven places. My niece shall take note of it; and assure thyself the
reatness as Cerberus is at Proserpina's beauty-ay, that thou bark'st at him. AJAX. Mistress Thersites! THERSITES. Thou shouldst strik
lot She seemingly obedient likewise hath Made promise to the doctor. Now thus it rests: Her father means she shall be all in white; And in that habit, when Slender sees his time To take her by the
ough he were my brother. Enter CLAUDIO Look, here's the warrant, Claudio, for thy death; 'Tis now dead mi
, pining and pale before, Beholding him, plucks comfort from his looks; A largess universal, like the sun, His liberal eye doth give
 getting my wife and me into trouble. I beg you, sir, to say nothing to the police." "What do you say, Watson?" I shrugged my shoulders
ter come back to the paper afterwards,' said I. "'If you think it really necessary,' he answered, with some hesitation.
ect more tender, More holy and profound, than mine own life, My dear wife's estimate, her womb's increase And treasure of my loi
e gods throw stones of sulphur on me, if That box I gave you was not thought by me A precious thing! I had it from the Queen. CYMBELINE. Ne
epress'd he is already, and depos'd 'Tis doubt he will be. Letters came last night To a dear friend of the good Duke of Yo
most singular problem--submitted to my judgment. I really had not the energy to follow it up save in a very incomplete fashion, but it gave me a basis for some pleasing speculation. If y
, lest that the people Rushing on us should do your age some mischief. BRUTUS. Do so, and let no man abide th
ogitations. Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face? BRUTUS. No, Cassius, for the eye sees not itself But by reflection, by some other things. CASSIUS. 'T
e was, He could not stay to pick them in a pile Of noisome musty chaff. He said 'twas folly, For one poor
s name Is at last gasp. Return he cannot, nor Continue where he is. To shift his being Is to exchange one misery with another, And every day that
afford Is spotless reputation; that away, Men are but gilded loam or painted clay. A jewel in a ten-times barr'd-up chest Is a b
ERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROV
MPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE 
nd his company. KING. I say they shall not come. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Nay, my good lord, let me o'errule you now. That sport best pleases that doth least know how; Where zeal str
st now forsake ye; the last hour Of my long weary life is come upon me. Farewell; And when you would say something that is sad, Speak how I fell. I have done; and God forgive me! Exeunt BUC
ves in her, that the holy priests Bless her when she is riggish. MAECENAS. If beauty, wisdom, modesty, can settle The heart of Antony, Octavia is A blessed lottery to him. A
 after her; Remove from her the means of all annoyance, And still keep eyes upon her. So good night. My mind she has mat
ave we here?" Mrs. Hudson had appeared with a lady's card upon her salver. Holmes glanced at it, raised his eyebrows, and handed it over to me. "Ask Lady 
 ended his life's history. Night hangs upon mine eyes, my bones would rest That have but labor'd to attain this hour. Al
nemies in this presence? O Peter, thou hast prevail'd in right! KING HENRY. Go, take hence that traitor from our s
orrow, is it not? Sher. Indeed, my lord, I think it be two o'clock. Exit [with Carrier]. Prince. This oily rascal is known as well as Paul's. Go call him f
o face it like a man than to attempt to brighten it by mere will-o'-the-wisps of the imagination. CHAPTER III In Quest of a Solution It was half-past five bef
n most notoriously abus'd. DUKE. Pursue him, and entreat him to a peace; He hath not told us of the captain yet. When that i
o much of the fate of Victor Savage, so I have sent you to share it. You are very near your end, Holmes. I
kle is the powerful grace that lies In plants, herbs, stones, and their true qualities; For naught s
l bear thee hence; and let them fight that will, For I have murdered where I should not kill. Exit with the body KING HENRY. Sad-hear
always to get what we wanted for ourselves." "Indeed, it seemed unnecessary to put so nice a bell-pull there. Yo
d writ to me this other day to turn him out o' th' band. I think I have his letter in my pocket. FIRST SOLDIER. Marry, we'll search. PAROLLES. In good sadness, I do not know
cygnet to this pale faint swan Who chants a doleful hymn to his own death, And from the organ-pipe of frailty sings His soul and body 
y help to thicken other proofs That do demonstrate thinly. OTHELLO. I'll tear her all to pieces. IAGO. Nay, but be wise; y
 which you shall find By every syllable a faithful verity. The Duke comes home to-morrow. Nay, dry your eyes. One of our 
d will you, being a man of your breeding, be married under a bush, like a beggar? Get you to church and have a good
 comes your ghostly father. Do we jest now, think you? DUKE. Sir, induced by my charity, and hearing how hastily y
E. Bow your knees. Arise my knights o' th' battle; I create you Companions to our person, and will fit
ied to your good service, stay till death. Tend me to-night two hours, I ask no more, And the gods yield you for't! ENOBARBUS. What mean you, sir, To give them this discomfort? Look, they we
. BRUTUS. Dismiss them home. Exit AEDILE Here comes his mother. Enter VOLUMNIA, VIRGILIA, and MENENIUS SICINIUS. Le
With martial stalk hath he gone by our watch. Hor. In what particular thought to work I know not; But, in the gross an
 you have store of thieves; notwithstanding, I fear not my ring. PHILARIO. Let us leave here, gentlemen.
ombin'd us was most great, and let not A leaner action rend us. What's amiss, May it be gently heard. When we debate Our trivial 
oreigners affright my towns With dreadful pomp of stout invasion! Be Mercury, set feathers to thy heels, And fly like thought from them to me ag
now! What news? THIRD SERVANT. Please you, my lord, that honourable gentleman, Lord Lucullus, entreats your
wain that you saw here but erewhile, That little cares for buying any thing. ROSALIND. I pray thee, if it stand
 hide his agony. "I can take more than that," said he. This time there was loud applause. A finer first appearan
that thou liv'st To walk where any honest men resort. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Thou art a villain to impeach me thus; I'll p
tand till Caesar pass along, And as a suitor will I give him this. My heart laments that virtue cannot live Out of the teeth of emulation. If th
l-hurting aim, Showing fair nature is both kind and tame; And, veiled in them, did win whom he would maim. Against 
e morning field; Their ragged curtains poorly are let loose, And our air shakes them passing scornfully;
ou; bring you in fine together And wager on your heads. He, being remiss, Most generous, and free fro
e is in that house. I expect a warrant presently." "Then I'll keep my eye on the parties, Mr. Holmes. If anything comes along, I will surely let you know." It was only nine o'clock, and we were off
suit your plans, sir, to find him here." "No, indeed. Well, it only meant that we waited half an hour or so until I
t he is to sojourn with you? How creeps acquaintance? PHILARIO. His father and I were soldiers together, to whom I have been often bound for no le
rs that offended us; And, by the benefit of his wished light, The seas wax'd calm, and we discovered Two ships from far making amain to us- Of Co
tson--that's it, by touch. Keep your distance and all is well." "Good heavens, Holmes! Do you suppose that such a consideration weighs with me 
s no other, As it doth well appear unto our state, But to recover of us, by strong hand And terms compulsatory, those foresaid lands So by his father lost; and this, I take it, Is the main m
to ride as fast as York; And never will I rise up from the ground Till Bolingbroke have pardon'd thee. Away, be gone. Exeunt 
lancing at his watch. "I've a cab at the door, and it won't take us twenty minutes to Victoria. But about this picture: I thought you told me once, Mr. Ho
is, who forgot all about it for some days." "That was it," said Holmes, nodding approvingly; "I have no doubt of it. But h
l be of her council. By words or blows here let us win our right. RICHARD. Arm'd as we are, let's stay within this house. WARWICK. The bl
teadily in front. "Are you armed?" I asked. "I have a hunting-crop." "We must close in on him rapidly, for he is said to be a desperate fellow. W
 matter is this," said he. "In your opinion there is a diabolical agency which makes Dartmoor an unsaf
, threw it on the floor. I picked it up and read:-- Charles Augustus Milverton, Appledore Towers, Hampstead. Ag
ssessed of extraordinary delicacy of touch, as I frequently had occasion to observe when I watched him manipulating his fragile philoso
urplice of humility over the black gown of a big heart. I am going, forsooth. The business is for Helen to come hither. Exit COUNTESS. Well, now.
kirmish of wit between them. Beat. Alas, he gets nothing by that! In our last conflict four of his five wits we
t hence so soon as they were born. And so I am awake. Poor wretches, that depend On greatness' favour, dream as I have done; Wake and find noth
Killing them twice. O, give us leave, great King, To view the field in safety, and dispose Of their dead bodies! KING HENRY. I tell thee truly, herald, I know not
suspect these noblemen As guilty of Duke Humphrey's timeless death. WARWICK. Who finds the heifer dead and bleeding fresh, And sees fast by a butcher with 
ou care to smoke a cigar in our rooms, Colonel, I shall be happy to give you any other details which might interest you." THE YELLOW FACE [In publishing these short sketches base
s prize to take all vantages; And ten to one is no impeach of valour. [They lay hands on YORK, who struggles] CLIFF
say you to that? PAROLLES. By my troth, sir, if I were to live this present hour, I will tell true. Let me see: Spurio, a hundred and fifty; Sebastia
od care to-night; The day shall not be up so soon as I To try the fair adventure of to-morrow. Exeunt SCENE 6. An open place wear Swinstead Abbey 
ose him unless he voluntarily resigned his membership of the club and promised not to play cards again. It is unlikely that a youngster like Adair would at once
hat say you, boys? Will you abide with him, Whiles I go tell my lord the Emperor How I have govern'd our determin'd jest? Yield to his humour, smooth an
lely of you, like a foul-mouth'd man as he is, and said he would cudgel you. Prince. What! he did not? Host. There's neither faith, truth, nor womanhood in me else. Fal. 
ourself." "Surely you are mistaken about his trade?" "No, sir! he has used this hotel for many years, and he is very well known to us." "Ah, that settles it. Mrs. Oldmore, too; I seem to remember
 rough and hard of heart, In liberty of bloody hand shall range With conscience wide as hell, mowing like grass Y
 So, lie thou there; For underneath an alehouse' paltry sign, The Castle in Saint Albans, Somerset Hath made the
e chance. Here are your lodgings. Good-bye. I shall drop you a line before I leave." Having left Lestrade at his rooms, we drove to our hotel, where we found lunch upon the table. Hol
 wandering grains from his coat front with a large, red silk handkerchief. "By the way, Sherlock," said he, "I have had something quite after your own heart-
deed! And anyone else?" "There were many insignificant sums to individuals, and a large number of pub
Quite another shaped box, my good Holmes, I assure you. It matters nothing to me that you should know how my nephew
E. Because that I familiarly sometimes Do use you for my fool and chat with you, Your sauciness will jest upon my love, And make a commo
Y, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND
 ensnare as great a fly as Cassio. Ay, smile upon her, do; I will gyve thee in thine own courtship. You say true; 'tis so, indeed. If such tricks as the
it would be a grief to me to be forced to take any extreme measure. You smile, sir, but I assure you that it
llain To counsel Cassio to this parallel course, Directly to his good? Divinity of hell! When devils wil
e do you expect to be arrested?" "Upon the charge of murdering Mr. Jonas Oldacre, of Lower Norwood." My companion's expressive face showed a sympath
red that he is a friend, Deep, hollow, treacherous, and full of guile, Be he unto me! This do I beg of God When I am cold in love to you or yours
 sperato me contento.' Fear we broadsides? No, let the fiend give fire. Give me some sack; and, sweetheart, lie thou t
 keep up my spirits and feeling that I was thoroughly earning my fifty-guinea fee. "Suddenly, without any preliminary sound in the midst of the
ince One of these days; and then you'd wanton with us, If we would have you. SECOND LADY. She is spread of late Into a goodly bulk. Good time enc
g slaves of winter. GUIDERIUS. Than be so, Better to cease to be. Pray, sir, to th' army. I and my brother are not known; yourself So out of tho
Bohemia, on the like occasion whereon my services are now on foot, you shall see, as I have said, great difference 
an clear the matter up, well and good. If he refuses, we have no alternative but to apply for a warrant." "But how do you know he'll be there when
ket were the only signs of billiards which I could see in one of them. The other was a very small, dark fellow, with his hat pushed back and sever
 watered their horses, while they partook of a hasty breakfast. Lucy and her father would fain have 
e way in which my feet sank into the carpet as I stepped across it told me of its richness. I caught glimpses of velvet chairs, a high white marble mant
fancy to your eyes. When I consider What great creation and what dole of honour Flies where you bid it, I find that she which late Was in my n
angerous. That is my true humour. PISTOL. Thou art the Mars of malcontents; I second thee; troop on.
CORIOLANUS. Your Honours' pardon. I had rather have my wounds to heal again Than hear say how I got them. BRUTUS. Sir, I hope 
 for in all my experience I cannot recall any more singular and interesting study." "This is clean b
t all the miseries which nature owes Were mine at once. No; come thou home, Rousillon, Whence honour but of danger win
is pressing to death, whipping, and hanging. DUKE. Slandering a prince deserves it. Exeunt OFFICERS with LUCIO She, Claudio, that you wr
il and his tam! What phrase is this, 'He hears with ear'? Why, it is affectations. FALSTAFF. Pistol, did you pick Master Sl
 hill Stood smiling to behold his lion's whelp Forage in blood of French nobility. O noble English, that could entertain With half their forces the full pri
, pompous, and slow. He wore rather baggy grey shepherd's check trousers, a not over-clean black frock-
vely heat still to endure, And grew a seeting bath which yet men prove, Against strange maladies a sovereign cure: But at my mistress' eye Love's brand new-fired, The boy for trial needs would
C VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDI
C VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE C
l a tear: The subject will deserve it. Such as give Their money out of hope they may believe May here find truth too. Those that come to see Only a 
 COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF IL
ous to me as 'tis now. Think you, but that I know our state secure, I would be so triumphant as I am? STANLEY. The l
r so much as I have perus'd, I find it not fit for your o'erlooking. Glou. Give me the letter, sir. Edm. I shall offend, either to detain or give it. The contents, as in part I un
s, I will be brief. Your noble son is mad. Mad call I it; for, to define true madness, What is't but to be nothing else but
ger might find him. On a certain evening, which had been prearranged, I sent my friend final instructions, for the 
e wrong'd her, sir. Lear. Ask her forgiveness? Do you but mark how this becomes the house: 'Dear daughter,
and bring him hither. Exit an ATTENDANT BERTRAM. What of him? He's quoted for a most perfidious slave, With all the spots o' th' wo
ought put me in possession of several other letters. It occurred to me that if these appeals came, as I expecte
; there's news for you; you have a new mistress. PAROLLES. I most unfeignedly beseech your lordship to make some re
n in heat of day That scald'st with safety. By his gates of breath There lies a downy feather which stirs not. Did 
 minister of his charity in the case of this unfortunate woman, Mrs. Laura Lyons. By representing himself as a single man he acquired 
The means of weakness and debility; Therefore my age is as a lusty winter, Frosty, but kindly. Let me go with you; I'll do the service of a younger 
forc'd? I shame to hear thee speak. Ah, timorous wretch! Thou hast undone thyself, thy son, and me; And giv'n unto the house of York such head As thou shalt reign but by thei
 nor crop the ears of them. CLOTEN. Whoreson dog! I give him satisfaction? Would he had been one of my ra
 tramp of their footsteps sounding through the lonely corridors. Suddenly it ceased, and I heard voic
fe before their strokes begin. [AJAX and HECTOR enter the lists] ULYSSES. They are oppos'd already. AGAMEMNON. Wha
RET. Defy them then, or else hold close thy lips. KING HENRY. I prithee give no limits to my tongue: I am a king, and privileg'd to speak. CLIFFORD. My liege, the wound that bred
e, though there were no further danger known but the modesty which is so lost. DIANA. You shall not need to 
 contract to Lady Lucy- Your mother lives a witness to his vow- And afterward by substitute betroth'd To Bona, sist
low Jones to exult over any mare's-nest which he may choose to construct. When you have dropped Miss Morst
eel equal to it we shall go down to Scotland Yard at once as a preliminary to starting for Eyford." Some three hours or so afterwar
lace, and to plume up my will In double knavery- How, how?- Let's see- After some time, to abuse Othello
but yield you forth to public thanks, Forerunning more requital. ANGELO. You make my bonds still greater. DUKE. O, your desert speaks loud; and I should wrong it 
ou desire your name to be kept upon the books?' she asked. "'If you please, Miss Stoper.' "'Well, really, it seems rather useless, sinc
ugh about your affairs to be able to help you, as you say that he has done?" She met my difficulty with the utmost readiness. "There were several gentlemen who knew my sad history and united
en Scroop, besides a clergyman Of holy reverence; who, I cannot learn. NORTHUMBERLAND. O, belike it is the Bishop of Carlisle. BOLINGBROKE.
G RICHARD. Thy son is banish'd upon good advice, Whereto thy tongue a party-verdict gave. Why at our justice seem'st thou then to lour? GAUNT. Th
. PETRUCHIO. Read it. GRUMIO. The note lies in's throat, if he say I said so. TAILOR. [Reads] 'Imprim
Hubert shall be your man, attend on you With all true duty. On toward Calais, ho! Exeunt SCENE 4. France. The FRENCH 
did our hands, Unite comutual in most sacred bands. Queen. So many journeys may the sun and moon Make us again count o'er er
during that long drive in the darkness. The great ordeal was in front of us; at last we were about to make our final effort, and yet Holmes had said nothing,
 HENRY. Nay, take me with thee, good sweet Exeter. Not that I fear to stay, but love to go Whither the Queen intends. Forward; away! Exeunt SCENE VI. Anot
en deposed and driven out of India: so no one had any particular interest in them. The murder, however, was clearly made out, an
ly suppose that two copies would have the same pagination. This is clearly a book which is standardized. He knows f
 as before. "Now, Watson," said he. "Have you any change in your pocket?" "Yes." "Any silver?" "A good
rts The death of Cassio to be undertook By Roderigo. OTHELLO. O villain! CASSIO. Most heathenish and most gro
t our client has rather an early appointment this morning." "Why, it is after nine now," I answered. "I should not be surprised if that were he. I thought I heard 
ic. Say that I said so. Farewell. Exit DUKE. No might nor greatness in mortality Can censure scape; back-wounding calumny The whitest virtue strikes. What king so st
 relaxed his rigid attitude, but had listened with a frowning brow and a compressed lip to this long narrative. "Excuse me," he said, "but it is not my custom to discuss my most 
u shall know your mistress Has deserv'd prison, then abound in tears As I come out: this action I now go on Is for my better grace. Adieu, my lord. I never wish'd to see you sorry;
loak makes a new jerkin; a wither'd serving-man a fresh tapster. Go; adieu. BARDOLPH. It is a life that I have desir'd; I will thrive. PISTOL. O base Hungarian wight! Wilt thou the spigot 
mine own servant should Parcel the sum of my disgraces by Addition of his envy! Say, good Caesar, That I some lady trifles have reserv'd, Immoment toys, 
d thy brother Troilus A priest, there off'ring to it his own heart. Exit PARIS. I know what 'tis to love, And would, as I shall pity, I could help! Please you walk i
HAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS
E COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BE
 evidently in excellent spirits, swinging an old elastic-sided boot in his hand. He chucked it down into a corner and helped hi
et me wipe it first; it smells of mortality. Glou. O ruin'd piece of nature! This great world Shall so wear out to naugh
d well, so it is all cheerful once more." "And yet it was not entirely a question of imagination," I answered. "Did you, for example, happen to hear someone, a woman I think
ery corner of the room was stacked with bundles of manuscript which were on no account to be burned, and w
motive for taking the papers to London except to sell them?" "No, I cannot." "Then we must take that as ou
" But more than that we were never destined to know, though there was much which we might surmise. There
ad up from the hall to this room." "Frequently." "How often?" "Well, some hundreds of times." "Then how many are there?"
e wiles of their defenders. At last after so many years they were broken and scattered. The cloud was lifted forever from the valley. McGinty met his fate u
r benefit, then?" said Holmes. "No wonder that my inquiries among those villages led to nothing. The doctor has certainly played the game f
r now that they can move without my help as far as the arrest goes, though my presence is necessary for a co
Y] Go thou to Friar Penker. Bid them both Meet me within this hour at Baynard's Castle. Exeunt all but GLOUCESTER Now will I go to take som
rom London to inquire more deeply into it." "This gentleman?" she asked, facing round to me. "No, his friend.
 to-day. What on earth can it mean? Who is Cadogan West, and what is he to Mycroft?" "I have it," I cried, a
'd three nights ago on Goodwin Sands; This news was brought to Richard but even now. The French fight coldly, and retire themselves. KING JOHN. Ay me, this tyrant fever burns me up
t large enough for a man to get through. "Hunter waited until his fellow-grooms had returned, when he sent a message to the trainer and told him what 
 has he not indicated the book?" "Your native shrewdness, my dear Watson, that innate cunning which is th
ourt, and there ye shall be my guests: Something I can command. As I walk thither, I'll tell ye more. BOTH. You may
onfess that I felt easier in my mind when, after following Holmes' example and slipping off my shoes, I found myself inside the b
r rag, Must be thy subject; who, in spite, put stuff To some she-beggar and compounded thee Poor rogue hereditary. Hence, be 
g ta'en the forfeit. Whereupon- Methinks I see him now- POSTHUMUS. [Coming forward] Ay, so thou dost, Italian fiend! Ay 
he strongly fortifies. Some say he's mad; others, that lesser hate him, Do call it valiant fury; but, for certain, He cannot buckle his distemper
ly scrawled in pencil:-- Dr. Watson has gone to Coombe Tracey. For a minute I stood there with the paper in my han
ive, let me know more; Set on thy wife to observe. Leave me, Iago. IAGO. [Going.] My lord, I take my leave. OTHELLO. Why did I marry? This honest creature doubtless Sees and kno
, To lesson me and tell me some good mean How, with my honour, I may undertake A journey to my loving Proteus. LUCETTA. Alas, the
 shall hear more ere morning. PROVOST. Happily You something know; yet I believe there comes No countermand; no such exampl
the paragon of animals! And yet to me what is this quintessence of dust? Man delights not me- no, nor woman neither, though by your smiling you seem to say so. Ros. My lord, there was no such stu
an remember that more than once he expressed a keen interest in my methods of observation and inference. "For four years I had seen nothing of him until one morning he walked into my 
red me with your medical views." "I was certainly surprised to find you there." "But not more so than I to 
 But if you'll give me six months, I'll work it so that I can leave without being ashamed to look other
ass through." "I knew that we should find a ventilator before ever we came to Stoke Moran." "My dear Holmes!" "Oh, yes, I did. You remember in her statement she said t
LEOPATRA. Call all his noble captains to my lord. ANTONY. Do so, we'll speak to them; and to-night I'll force The wine peep th
 Some thousand verses of a faithful lover; A huge translation of hypocrisy, Vilely compil'd, profound simplicity. MARIA. This, and these pearl, to me sent Longa
 I had moved them. Bring me to Octavius. Exeunt. SCENE III. A street. Enter Cinna the poet. CINNA. I dreamt tonight that I did feast with Caesar, And things unluckily charge my fa
d to observe that by the gate there stood two soldierly men in dark uniforms, who leaned upon their short rifles and glanced keenly at us as we passed. The coachman, a hard-faced, gnarled litt
e to your deep oaths, and keep it too. LONGAVILLE. I am resolv'd; 'tis but a three years' fast. The mind sha
g, or something deeper, Whereof, perchance, these are but furnishings- But, true it is, from France there comes a power Into t
MACBETH. Bring forth men-children only, For thy undaunted mettle should compose Nothing but males. Will it not be received, When we have mark'd with blood thos
 out, Mumbling of wicked charms, conjuring the moon To stand 's auspicious mistress. Glou. But where is he
re!" The shout must have rung over Norwood. It had hardly died away when an amazing thing happened. A door suddenly flew open out of what appeared to be solid wall a
near. Louder the music there! Cor. O my dear father, restoration hang Thy medicine on my lips, and let this kiss Repair those violent harms that my two sisters Hav
ave To breathe this news; yet what I say is true. King Richard, he is in the mighty hold Of Bolingbroke. Their 
 claim to--the whole situation became absolutely clear. She had gone off with a man, and the man was either a lover or wa
THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PR
' faces, but heaven knows your hearts. What will become of me now, wretched lady? I am the most unha
son- call to him; Let him have knowledge who I am. Exit GENTLEMAN Good lady! No court in Europe is too good for thee; What dost thou then in prison? Re-
my good will is to it, And yours it is against. PROSPERO. [Aside] Poor worm, thou art infected! This visitation shows it. MIRANDA. You look wearily. FERDINAND. No, noble mistress; 'tis fr
t which fain it would convince, Yet, since love's argument was first on foot, Let not the cloud of sorrow justle it From what it purpos
 will divide my crown with her; And all the priests and friars in my realm Shall in procession sing h
my rooms and my papers exactly as they had always been. So it was, my dear Watson, that at two o'clock to-day I found 
art The flux of company.' Anon, a careless herd, Full of the pasture, jumps along by him And never stays to greet him. 'Ay,' 
beard." "And so could I--from which I gather that in all probability it was a false one. A clever man upon so delicate an errand has no use for a
ager to hear the news. Mrs. Forrester, too, was full of curiosity. I told them all that we had done, suppres
neel till to the ground they grow. His prayers are full of false hypocrisy; Ours of true zeal and deep integ
 pounds from you." "I am sure the scruple does you honour, Mr. Sandeford. But I have named that price, so I intend to stick to it." "Well, 
no place for you. Pray you avoid. Come. CORIOLANUS. Follow your function, go and batten on cold bits. [Pushes him away from him] THIRD 
I might have your company in hell But to torment you with my bitter tongue! LUCIUS. Sirs, stop his m
our which shall bate his scythe's keen edge, And make us heirs of all eternity. Therefore, brave conquerors- for so 
ain untenanted if anything were done to increase its already rather grim reputation. For both these reasons I thought that I was justified in telling ra
one day we were told that there was an advertisement in the Times inquiring for our whereabouts. You can imagine how excited
certain which to address. "Pray take a seat," said Holmes. "This is my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson, who is occasionally good enough to
cks? Corn. What trumpet's that? Reg. I know't- my sister's. This approves her letter, That she would soo
of God, Putting it straight in expedition. Cheerly to sea; the signs of war advance; No king of England, if n
trade. And now, Watson, if you can endure the draught from a broken window, I think that half an hour in my study over a cigar 
nd so long as there is nothing criminal, I am much more anxious to hush up private scandals than to give them
feverous pulse, And all my powers do their bestowing lose, Like vassalage at unawares encount'ring The eye of majesty. Re-enter PANDARUS With CRESSIDA P
rd looked rather strangely at me over his wine-glass. "You don't know Sherlock Holmes yet," he said; "perhaps you would not care for him as a constant companion." "Why, what is there against him?" 
veral generations, have they not? I should be sorry to begin my life here by breaking an old family connection." I seemed to discern some signs of emotion upon the butler's white face. "I feel
my cell; Exit ARIEL I will discase me, and myself present As I was sometime Milan. Quickly, spirit Thou shalt ere long be free. ARI
RONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOI
 I feel as if he were gone for good and we should never see him again." Sherlock Holmes listened with the deepest attention to this singular narrative. "What did you do?" he as
y help to you in any--' "'Ay, we'll just ask ye when we want ye,' said she, and shut the door in my face. An
ore matter in the shin. ARMADO. Sirrah Costard. I will enfranchise thee. COSTARD. O, Marry me to one F
se. CADE. Ay, there's the question; but I say 'tis true. The elder of them being put to nurse, Was by a beggar-woman stol'n away
EVANS. [Aside to CAIUS] Pray you, let us not be laughing-stocks to other men's humours; I desire you in friendship, and I will one way or o
cret confided to his keeping. It is absurd, impossible, preposterous to anyone who knew him." "But the facts, Miss Westbury?" 
g and us? And you, my lords- methinks you do not well To bear with their perverse objections, Much les
lobes. Provide thee two proper palfreys, black as jet, To hale thy vengeful waggon swift away, And find out murderers
ce be commanded. KING. What's the need? It hath already publicly been read, And on all sides th' authority allow'd; You may then spare that time. WOLSEY. Be't so; proceed. SCRIBE. Say 'Henry King
 view on't Might well have warm'd old Saturn; that I thought her As chaste as unsunn'd snow. O, all the devils! This yellow Iachimo in an hour- was't not? Or less!- at first? Perchance he sp
 I consider What great creation and what dole of honour Flies where you bid it, I find that she which late Was in my nobler thoughts most base is now The praised of the King; 
s my belief that they brought with them some sort of block or pulley which might serve as a gallows. That screw-driver and t
her nodded. She didn't seem able to get out a word. The daughter burst into tears. I felt more than ever that these people knew something of the mat
t should I don this robe and trouble you? Be chosen with proclamations to-day, To-morrow yield up rule, resign my life, And set abroad new business for you all? Rome, I have been thy soldier
gh it off. Send after the Duke, and appeal to him. CLAUDIO. I have done so, but he's not to be found. I prithee, Lucio, do me this kind servic
ceiv'd. In nothing am I chang'd But in my garments. Glou. Methinks y'are better spoken. Edg. Come on
red Holmes; "you won't think me an intruder, I am sure. Have you heard of the events which led up to thi
 gone. PORTIA. To these injunctions every one doth swear That comes to hazard for my worthless self. ARRAGON. And so have I address'd me. Fortune now To my heart's hop
 candy deal of courtesy This fawning greyhound then did proffer me! Look, 'when his infant fortune came to age,' And 'gentle Harry Percy,' and 'kind cousin'- O, the devil take such cozeners!- Go
veral." "Would he not have hidden a couple he desired to give the idea that they had gone off upon them?"
zroy Simpson," he remarked, "and I believe myself that he is our man. At the same time I recognize th
thers. My mind is like a racing engine, tearing itself to pieces because it is not connected up with the work for which it 
iberation. "If it takes me all my life I shall get level with you!" "The old sweet song," said Holmes. "How often have I heard it in days gone by. It was a favorite ditty of the 
ou cannot keep me after what has passed, then for God's sake let me give you notice and leave in a month, as if of my own free will. I could stand that, Mr. Mu
cle one or two of my trifling experiences, you may be interested in this." He threw over a sheet of thick, pink-tinted note-paper which had been
d francs--more than forty thousand pounds--at the Portalis sale may start a train of reflection in your mind." It was clear that it did. The inspector looked honestly interested
ch anything on the river," he said. "Well, hardly that. But there are not many launches to beat us." "We shall have to catch
ay should look their shames upon; They wilfully themselves exil'd from light, And must for aye consort with black-brow'd night. OBERON. But we are spirits 
 a conceivable theory that this William Kirwan--though he had the reputation of being an honest man, may ha
ss matter, for these arrangements are usually verbal, and there was no earthly business reason why this should be an exception. Don
 has, I regret to observe, consumed in my absence two large pots of coffee and an incredible amount of tobacco. After you left I sent down to Stamford's 
ere unmannerly to take you out And not to kiss you. A health, gentlemen! Let it go round. WOLSEY. Sir Thomas Lovell, is the banquet ready I
casional eager whine which spoke of a hot scent. We had traversed Streatham, Brixton, Camberwell, and now found ourselves in Kennington Lane, having borne away through the side-streets to
e weasel. Nay, you must Forget that rarest treasure of your cheek, Exposing it- but, O, the harder heart! Alack, no reme
e ARMY MARIANA. The gods forbid else! WIDOW. So, now they come. That is Antonio, the Duke's eldest son
s a very possible and even probable one. I make you a free present of it. The older man is showing documents which are of evident value. A passin
aptain yet. When that is known, and golden time convents, A solemn combination shall be made Of our dear souls. Meantime, 
ou now to present unto him? PAINTER. Nothing at this time but my visitation; only I will promise him an excellent piece. P
t 'How shall that Claribel Measure us back to Naples? Keep in Tunis, And let Sebastian wake.' Say this were death That now hath seiz'd 
was belov'd. The one the other poisoned for my sake, And after slew herself. Alb. Even so. Cover their faces. Ed
are: The dam will wake; and if she wind ye once, She's with the lion deeply still in league, And lulls him 
ne inherit first, for, I protest, mine never shall. I warrant he hath a thousand of these letters, writ
Amen, amen! But come what sorrow can, It cannot countervail the exchange of joy That one short minute gives me in her sight. Do thou but 
ge of his devoted nurse, but looking considerably better than before. He rose from the sofa and greeted us without difficulty when we entered. "A
afflict each other! CAESAR. Welcome hither. Your letters did withhold our breaking forth, Till we perceiv'd both how you were wrong led And we in negligent dan
CTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEG
d long continue her love to the Moor- put money in thy purse- nor he his to her. It was a violent commencement, and thou shalt see an answerable sequestration- p
r Than to abhor himself; even he drops down The knee before him, and returns in peace Most rich in Timon's nod. PAINTER. I saw them speak together. POET. S
 I could see by the twitch of his lip that there was a struggle going on within him. "'This is a very important matter, Small,
 fall'n down on the earth, How may I reverently worship thee enough? ALENCON. Leave off delays, and let
COLM. With this there grows In my most ill-composed affection such A stanchless avarice that, were I King, I should cut off the nobles for th
ery. Or, again, there was that most grotesque affair of the five orange pips, which let straight to a murderous conspiracy
could only wait to see what might befall. "For nearly two hours we drove without my having the least clue as to where we were g
 I shall attend your leisure; but make haste; The vaporous night approaches. MARIANA. Will't please you 
ard this remedy, whereupon we are Now present here together; that's to say I meant to rectify my conscience, which I then did feel full sick, and yet not well,
f a man. VIRGILIA. But had he died in the business, madam, how then? VOLUMNIA. Then his good report should have 
t our native peace with self-borne arms. Enter YORK, attended BOLINGBROKE. I shall not need transport my words by you; Here comes his Grace in person. My noble uncle! [Kn
end, we understand not one another: I am to courtly, and thou art too cunning. At whose request do these men
eet breathless and panting. "We have his cab," said Sherlock Holmes. "It will serve to take him to Scotland Yard. And now, gentlemen," he continued, with a ple
He is not doubted. A word, Lucilius, How he received you. Let me be resolved. LUCILIUS. With courtesy and with resp
ER. Our fatherless distress was left unmoan'd; Your widow-dolour likewise be unwept! QUEEN ELIZABETH. Give me no help
t not she and that good man of worship, Antony Woodville, her brother there, That made him send Lord Hastings to the Tower, From whence this present day he is delivered? We
seems to be riding for a fall. Well, as he says, we must each try our own way and see what comes of it. But there's something in Inspector Baynes which I can't quite understand." "Just s
thence. DUKE. Know ye Don Antonio, your countryman? VALENTINE. Ay, my good lord, I know the gentleman To be o
ally returned to this house, which he had taken upon his first arrival in England. "But here also the ministers of justice were waiting. Knowing th
y, and say, 'Father, as it please me.' Leon. Well, niece, I hope to see you one day fitted with a husband. Beat. Not till God make men of some other metal than earth
f ultimate solution. I shall be very happy to look into it. Have you been able to trace any connection between the missing boy and this Ger
 become the geck and scorn O' th' other's villainy? SECOND BROTHER. For this from stiller seats we came, Our parents and
olks, many feign as they were dead- Unwieldy, slow, heavy and pale as lead. Enter Nurse [and Peter]. O God, she comes! O honey nurse, what news? Hast thou me
ough. "Yes, this is the great Agra treasure. Half of it is yours and half is Thaddeus Sholto's. You will have a couple of hundre
SUFFOLK. For me, my lords, I love him not, nor fear him-there's my creed; As I am made without him, so I'll stand, If the King please; his
a single article of a morning paper of yesterday, which I will read to you. It is headed, 'Singular Occurrence at a Fashion
 swords. But how the fear of us May cement their divisions, and bind up The petty difference we yet not know. Be't as our gods will have't! It only stands Our live
eir trim, And to the fire-ey'd maid of smoky war All hot and bleeding Will we offer them. The mailed Mars Shall o
heir hearts from them, and come home belov'd Of all the trades in Rome. Look, I am going. Commend me to my wife. I'll retu
 Plies Desdemona to repair his fortune, And she for him pleads strongly to the Moor, I'll pour this pestilence in
the truth out of you, so it will save you trouble to tell it sooner rather than later. Come, now! No lies! W
re wont to weary you; I know you joy not in a love-discourse. VALENTINE. Ay, Proteus, but that life is alter'd now; I have done penance for contemning Love, 
bunting. BERTRAM. I do assure you, my lord, he is very great in knowledge, and accordingly valiant. LAFEU. I h
nder a fresh tree's shade, All which secure and sweetly he enjoys, Is far beyond a prince's delicates- His viand
deus Sholto looked about him in a perplexed and helpless manner. "This is too bad of you, McMurdo!" he said. "If I guarantee them, that is enough for you. There
 mother. King. What is the cause, Laertes, That thy rebellion looks so giantlike? Let him go, Gertrude. Do not fear our person. There'
ke the death of her brother thus? I am sure care's an enemy to life. MARIA. By my troth, Sir Toby, you must come in earlier o' nights; your cous
ell appeared in his lineaments, Being nothing like the noble Duke my father. Yet touch this sparingly, as 'twere far off; Because, my lord, you know my mother lives. BUCKINGHA
. Exit WARWICK This part of his conjoins with my disease And helps to end me. See, sons, what things you are! How quickly nature falls into revolt When gold becomes her object! For this the foolis
or. I heard it once before." It died away, and an absolute silence closed in upon us. We stood straining our 
r, when I was about eighteen, I gave them no more trouble, for I got into a mess over a girl, and could only get out of it again by taking the 
ht," cried Phelps, as we began to move from the platform. "I hardly expect to go back to Briarbrae," answered Holmes, and waved 
e Colonel and myself. "Yes, the horse. And it may lessen his guilt if I say that it was done in self-
PYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELE
much as this fact comes to? [Reads] 'Do't. The letter That I have sent her, by her own command Shall give thee opp
 sealed book, and do not allow it to affect your life." "You are very kind, Mr. Holmes, but I cannot do that. I shall be t
 opened door, and now she entered the room. "You have done enough for now, Cecil," said she. "Whatever comes of 
weeten which name of Ned, I give thee this pennyworth of sugar, clapp'd even now into my hand by an 
e, Jack, a charge of foot. Fal. I would it had been of horse. Where shall I find one that can steal well? O f
 will send a wire to Sir Henry Baskerville, in my name, to say that if he finds the pocket-book which I have 
e is no more than to say 'one.' But I am very sorry, good Horatio, That to Laertes I forgot myself, For by the image of my ca
 heavens, Holmes!" "I wanted information, Watson." "Surely you have gone too far?" "It was a most necessary step. I am a plumber with a rising business, Esco
ue, Until confirm'd, sign'd, ratified by you. PORTIA. You see me, Lord Bassanio, where I stand, Such as I am. Though for my
hich time would I, being but a moonish youth, grieve, be effeminate, changeable, longing and liking, proud, fantastical, apish, s
 chairs. I repeat, then, that the occurrence was immediately after his departure, and not later than eleven o'clock last night. "Our next obvious step is to check, so far 
hee straight; take thou the bill, give me thy meteyard, and spare not me. HORTENSIO. God-a-mercy, Grumio! Then he shall have no odds. PETRUCHIO. Well, sir
vy. Hector's opinion Is this, in way of truth. Yet, ne'er the less, My spritely brethren, I propend to you In resolution to keep Hel
aughing uproariously at the smallest of his jokes. The young stranger's bold gray eyes looked back fearlessly through 
ly predominated in him. The swing of his nature took him from extreme languor to devouring energy; and, as I knew well, he was never so truly formidable as when, for days on en
old more than once in the newspapers, but, like all such narratives, its effect is much less striking when set forth en bloc in a single half-column of pri
 peaches. As I set it down again, after having examined it, my heart leaped to see that beneath it the
certainly say that it was a curious case." "Judging by its effect upon my brother, I should think it must be a most extraordinary
n's tent, To bring me thither? ULYSSES. You shall command me, sir. As gentle tell me of what honour was This Cressida in Troy? Had she no lover th
, between friends, my brother was himself a little inclined to my father's fault. He thought, too, that if we parted with the chaplet it might giv
make up vows. And, my good lord, But Tuesday night last gone, in's garden-house, He knew me as a wife. As this is true, Let me in safety raise me from my knees, Or else for ever be confixed 
comes o'er us with our wilder days, Not measuring what use we made of them. We never valu'd this poor seat of England; And therefore, living hence, did give ourself To barbarous
night which seemed to be before me. Was it all to go for nothing? Why should I slink away without having 
, Ulysses, I begin to relish thy advice; And I will give a taste thereof forthwith To Agamemnon. Go we to him straight. Two curs shall tame each other
and of these times, I shall recount hereafter; for this present, I would not, so with love I might entreat you, Be any further mov
re distant cousins. James Desmond is an elderly clergyman in Westmoreland." "Thank you. These details are all of great interest. Have you met Mr. Ja
 I do believe it, and I ask your pardon. Will you, I pray, demand that demi-devil Why he hath thus en
ome again discarded faith. Seek out King John, and fall before his feet; For if the French be lords of this loud day
short as a new-ta'en sparrow. Exit TROILUS. Even such a passion doth embrace my bosom. My heart beats thicker than a feverous pulse, And all my powers do their bestowing l
ellished with rubies, carbuncles, sapphires, declining their rich aspect to the hot breath of Spain; who sent whole armadoes of caracks to be ballast at her nose.
E. More than mistress of Which comes to me in name of fault, I must not At all acknowledge. For Polixenes, With whom I am accus'd, I do confess I lov'd him as in
on a stool beside her. "They are in the outhouse, those dreadful things," said she as Lestrade entered. "I wish that you would take them away altogether." "So
ive me time!" We all sat in silence for some minutes, while those fateful eyes still strained to pierce the veil. HIS LAST BOW PREFACE The fri
rv'd. It is a poison temper'd by himself. Exchange forgiveness with me, noble Hamlet. Mine and my father's death come not upon the
tunes; for it seems They crave to be demanded. Who is this Thou mak'st thy bloody pillow? Or who was he That, otherwise tha
a taste as sweet As any cordial comfort. Still, methinks, There is an air comes from her. What fine chisel Could ever yet cut breath? Let no man mock me, Fo
er very dress spotted with him; but she never wanted courage, did Miss Mary Fraser of Adelaide, and Lady Brackenstall o
e, Which, since, succeeding ages have re-edified. PRINCE. Is it upon record, or else reported Successively fr
 ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBR
she cried. "How can he see the guiding wands to-night? We planted them together, he and I, to mark the
g all the time that he was talking." "Come along!" cried Sherlock Holmes, abruptly. "This grows serious," he observed, as we drove to Sco
he pretty and sweet manner of it forc'd Those waters from me which I would have stopp'd; But I had not so much of man in me, And
 annoyed. "You know my methods of work, Mr. Mac. But I will hold it back for the shortest time possible. I only wish to verify my details in one way, which can very r
anged myself during my visit to Baker Street this afternoon." "But why?" "Because, my dear Watson, I had the strongest possible reason f
lors. MACBETH. Hang out our banners on the outward walls; The cry is still, "They come!" Our castle's strength Will laugh a siege to scorn. Here let th
 before him. Across the cover was printed in golden letters Practical Handbook of Bee Culture. Only for one instant did the
hief. MENTEITH. Who then shall blame His pester'd senses to recoil and start, When all that is within him does condemn Itself for being there? CAITHNES
sy. He will not try to escape." "How do you know?" "To fly would be a confession of guilt." "Then let us go to arre
ou are endeavouring to trace some geese which were sold by Mrs. Oakshott, of Brixton Road, to a salesman named Breckinridge, by him in turn to Mr. Windigate, o
shed coast. How often have I tempted Suffolk's tongue- The agent of thy foul inconstancy- To sit and witch me, as Ascanius did When he to madding Dido would unfold His father's acts commenc'd in burn
ow for all this. There will come a Christian by Will be worth a Jewess' eye. Exit SHYLOCK. What says that fool of Hagar's offspring, ha? JESSICA. His words were 'Farewell, mistress'; nothing else.
tone, and I will meet it--or have it met if I am too occupied. This case is a snorter. Don't waste a moment in getting started. If you can 
RWICK KING HENRY. What stronger breastplate than a heart untainted? Thrice is he arm'd that hath his quarrel just; And he but naked, though lock'd up in steel, Whose conscience with injustice
men moved him, was he such a storm As oft 'twixt May and April is to see, When winds breathe sweet, un
explain it. Everything fits together." "But suppose it were so, we are still as far as ever from unravelling t
As he spoke, we turned down a narrow lane and passed through a small side-door, which opened into a wing 
mit, For, if they could, Cupid himself would blush To see me thus transformed to a boy. LORENZO. Descend, for you must be my tor
tain ball. What does her clever stepfather do then? He conceives an idea more creditable to his head than to 
of men. 82 I grant thou wert not married to my muse, And therefore mayst without attaint o'erlook The dedicated words which writer
ysical Than dangerous to me. To Aufidius thus I will appear, and fight. LARTIUS. Now the fair goddess, Fortune, Fall deep i
ow came forward with a somewhat sullen, defiant air, and put down his hands to assist. At that instant there was a sharp click, the jangling of metal
 rooms or elsewhere, as long as he is efficiently guarded?" "Well, you are master of the situation. I
ner done, and he not coming thither, I went to seek him. In the street I met him, And in his company that gentleman. There did this perjur'd goldsmith swear me down 
, if it had not been for a hot midsummer night; for, good youth, he went but forth to wash him in the Hellespont, an
n my hand." I did as he directed, and was instantly conscious of a strong tarry smell. "That is where he put his foot in getting ou
ve ever made me sour my patient cheek Or bend one wrinkle on my sovereign's face. I am the last of noble Edward's sons, Of whom thy father, Prin
ip. SHALLOW. I thank thee with all my heart, kind Master Bardolph. [To the PAGE] And welcome, my tall fellow.
A book of prayers on their pillow lay; Which once,' quoth Forrest 'almost chang'd my mind; But, O, the devil'-
es; Which daily grew to quarrel and to bloodshed, Wounding supposed peace. All these bold fears Thou seest with peril I have answered; For all my reign hath been but as a scene Actin
Yet more quarrelling with occasion! Wilt thou show the whole wealth of thy wit in an instant? I pray thee understand a 
e not fool till heaven hath sent me fortune.' And then he drew a dial from his poke, And, looking on it with lack-lustre eye, Says
ions of town would send him back a new man. Mr. Stapleton, a mutual friend who was much concerned at his s
?" he continued, taking a pair of steel handcuffs from a drawer. "See how beautifully the spring works. They fasten in an instant." "The old pa
ifferently 'twixt doing them neither good nor harm; but he seeks their hate with greater devotion than they can render it him, and leaves nothing undone that may fully discover 
 dower, He doth intend she shall be England's Queen. KING HENRY. [To AMBASSADOR] In argument and proof of which contract, Bear her this jewel, pledge of my affection. And so, my Lord Prote
 lordship to accept our duty. LORD. With all my heart. This fellow I remember Since once he play'd a farmer's eldest son; 'Twas where you woo'd the gentlewoman so well. I have forgot your 
young Harry Percy's spur was cold? Of Hotspur, Coldspur? that rebellion Had met ill luck? LORD BARDOLPH. My lord, I'll tell yo
much deceiv'd. In nothing am I chang'd But in my garments. Glou. Methinks y'are better spoken. Edg. Come on, sir; here's the place. Stand st
S COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH P
nce you do profess to be a suitor, You must, as we do, gratify this gentleman, To whom we all rest generally beholding. TRANIO. Sir, I shall not be slack; 
out all reason; where gentry, title, wisdom, Cannot conclude but by the yea and no Of general ignoran
 handed to him, "this is certainly a little unusual. Seclusion I can understand; but why print? Printing is a clumsy process. Why not write? What would 
s afterwards the hope of getting rid of those dreadful neighbors was too strong for her, and she made another attempt, taking down wit
'st away. Samp. A dog of that house shall move me to stand. I will take the wall of any man or maid of Montague's. Greg. That shows the
us to see the remains of your bust, Mr. Harker?" The disconsolate journalist had seated himself at a writing-table. "I must try and make something of it," said he, "though I have no doubt t
ore, seem to bear out the theory of a poison which worked by combustion. "With this train of reasoning in my head I naturally looked abo
es, but have a fog in them That I cannot look through. Away, I prithee; Do as I bid thee. There's no more to say; Accessible is none bu
u ta'en from liberty, to look on The business present; 'tis his Highness' pleasure You shall to th' Tower. BUCKINGHAM. It will help 
eace, Master Marquis, you are malapert; Your fire-new stamp of honour is scarce current. O, that your young nobility could jud
idst thou utter 'I am yours for ever.' HERMIONE. 'Tis Grace indeed. Why, lo you now, I have spoke to th' purpose t
 OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH C
 love with vanity! Death hath not struck so fat a deer to-day, Though many dearer, in this bloody fray. Embowell'd wil
o our door and entered. His appearance corresponded to the sounds which we had heard. He was an aged man, clad in seafaring garb, with an old pea-jacket
morose and disappointed man. "When Dr. Roylott was in India he married my mother, Mrs. Stoner, the young widow of Major-G
ought that I am he. These, as I learn, and such like toys as these Hath mov'd his Highness to commit me now. GLOUCESTER. Why, this it is when men are r
tch! 'tis pity that thou liv'st To walk where any honest men resort. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Thou art a villain to impeach me
nto mine; for it is plain pocketing up of wrongs. I must leave them and seek some better service; their villainy goes against my weak st
ed a gem To lighten all this isle?-I'll to the King And say I spoke with you. ANNE. My honour'd lord! Exit LORD CHAMBERLAIN OLD LADY. Why, t
is remembrance out, And then she's yours. QUEEN. You are most bound to th' King, Who lets go by no vantages that may Pref
ush thou mayst in honour come off again. ROSALIND. What shall be our sport, then? CELIA. Let us sit and mock t
th himself to scape from it; And, if thou dar'st, I'll give thee remedy. Jul. O, bid me leap, rather than marry Paris, From off the battlements of yonder tower, Or walk in thievish way
n ensue to-day; Be not thyself-for how art thou a king But by fair sequence and succession? Now, afore God-God forbid
u translated. O, teach me how you look, and with what art You sway the motion of Demetrius' heart! HERMIA. I frown upon him, yet he loves me still. HELENA. 
"There's the advantage of being a builder," said Holmes, as we came out. "He was able to fix up his own little hiding-place without any confederate--save, of course, that preci
 friend in those hours of intense mental concentration during which he weighed every particle of evidence, constructed alternative theories, balanc
eams, Do calm the fury of this mad-bred flaw. And for a minister of my intent I have seduc'd a headstrong Kentishman, John Cade of Ashford, To 
 fawn for him, I spurn thee like a cur out of my way. Know, Caesar doth not wrong, nor without cause Will he be satisfied. METELLUS. Is ther
spleasure, yet we free thee From the dead blow of it. And you, enchantment, Worthy enough a herdsman- yea,
ague me! I cannot come to Cressid but by Pandar; And he's as tetchy to be woo'd to woo As she is stubborn-chaste against all suit. Tell me, 
 All the commerce that you have had with Troy As perfectly is ours as yours, my lord; And better woul
hansom. "Whatever have you been doing with yourself, Watson?" he asked in undisguised wonder, as we rattled through the crowded London streets. "You are as thin as a lath and a
T OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUC
ter, in which he played a prominent part. Many startling successes and a few unavoidable failures were the outcome of this long period of continuous work. As I have preserv
ter, in which he played a prominent part. Many startling successes and a few unavoidable failures were the outcome of this long period of continuous work. As I have preserved very f
 I could hardly sit still in my chair. But suddenly a little chill of doubt came upon me. "'I must be frank with you,' said I.
pretence. DUKE. Upon mine honour, he shall never know That I had any light from thee of this. PROTEUS. Adieu, my lord; Sir Valentine is coming. Exit Enter
he eye! MALVOLIO. Calling my officers about me, in my branch'd velvet gown, having come from a day-bed- wh
S OF SYRACUSE. For gazing on your beams, fair sun, being by. LUCIANA. Gaze where you should, and that will c
ue carbuncle!" I ejaculated. "Precisely so. I ought to know its size and shape, seeing that I have read the advertisement about it in The Times every day lately. It is absolutely un
igy answered, after some thought. "Here you are, then! Catch!--A fine child, Mrs. Smith!" "Lor' bless you, sir, he is that, and forward. He gets a'most too much for me to 
afear'd my lady his mother play'd false with a smith. NERISSA. Then is there the County Palatine. PORTIA. He doth n
uality as a man's handwriting. Unless they are quite new, no two of them write exactly alike. Some letters get more worn than
and have him talk to me In any summer house in Christendom). Mort. In faith, he is a worthy gentleman, 
en and a woe! Cry, cry. Troy burns, or else let Helen go. Exit HECTOR. Now, youthful Troilus, do not these high str
 is a fetch of warrant. You laying these slight sullies on my son As 'twere a thing a little soil'd i' th' working, Mark you, Your pa
e frankly gave. Receive him then to favour, Saturnine, That hath express'd himself in all his deeds A father and a frien
le that no one can pass him without observing him. A shock of orange hair, a pale face disfigured by a horrible scar, which, by its contraction, has turned up the outer edge of h
r mouthpieces there are in London? Some people think that a fly in it is a sign. Well, he must have been distur
as not very long before my friend's prediction was fulfilled. A fortnight went by, during which I frequently found my thoughts turning in her directi
 no doubt, but it hurts my pride. It becomes a personal matter with me now, and, if God sends me health, I shall set my hand upon this gang. That he sho
 am for west," remarked the plain-clothes man. "There are several quiet little villages up there." "And
work independently, and their relations with the Embassies are often strained." The Prime Minister nodded his
ort du vinaigre! Is not this Helen? LAFEU. 'Fore God, I think so. KING. Go, call before me all the lords in court. Exit an ATTENDANT Sit, my preserver,
e been well. But he was too wily for that. He saw every step which I took to draw my toils round him. Agai
wooing at Master Page's. Exeunt SHALLOW and SLENDER CAIUS. Go home, John Rugby; I come anon. Exit RUGBY H
l confederates in the same unknown crime. If it came off when Garcia returned, any possible suspicion would be warded
Captain, for his life, and I will thee requite. FLUELLEN. Aunchient Pistol, I do partly understand your meaning. PISTOL. Why then, rejoi
ffice. The gates of monarchs Are arch'd so high that giants may jet through And keep their impious turbans on without
ame To whisper Wolsey-here makes visitation- His fears were that the interview betwixt England and France might through t
rked after a pause, during which he had sat puffing at his long pipe and gazing down into the fire, "you can hardly be open to a charge of 
picture, and my heart on thy every part. Thine in the dearest design of industry, DON ADRIANO DE ARMADO. 'Thus dost
is embalms and spices To th 'April day again. Come, damn'd earth, Thou common whore of mankind, that puts odds Among the rout of nations, I will make thee Do thy right nature. [March afar off] 
at by this sympathized one day's error Have suffer'd wrong, go keep us company, And we shall make full satisfaction. Thirty-three years have I but gone in travail Of you, my sons; 
her, tearing His country's bowels out. And to poor we Thine enmity's most capital: thou bar'st us Our prayers to the gods, which is 
u and me I know; What we can do to him-though now the time Gives way to us-I much fear. If you cannot Bar his access to th' King, never attem
 to sit alone for a time in the study." "What! With that?" I ejaculated. "No, no, everything is now in order. You gave permission 
own, I should have found it afterwards well done, But must condemn it now. Desist, and drink. MENAS. [Aside] For this, I'll never follow thy pall'd fortune
very grave objections to it," returned my companion. "The police imagine, I take it, that this Fitzroy Simpson, having drugged
. All my reports go with the modest truth; Nor more nor clipp'd, but so. Cor. Be better suited. These weeds are memories of those worser hours. I prithee put them off. Kent. Pardon, dear m
[Aside] Ay, by my faith, the field is honourable, and there was he born, under a hedge, for his father had 
Tis time I should inform thee farther. Lend thy hand, And pluck my magic garment from me. So, [Lays down his mantle] Lie there my art. Wip
dead many years. It has, therefore, been in the hands of your eldest brother." "Right, so far," said I. "Anything
ost. Please arrange your thoughts and let me know, in their due sequence, exactly what those events are which have 
, a fine net drawn round us with infinite skill and delicacy, holding us so lightly that it was only at some supreme mome
n. DUKE. It lies much in your holding up. Haste you speedily to Angelo; if for this night he entreat
ull Of direst cruelty! Make thick my blood, Stop up the access and passage to remorse, That no compunctious visitings of nature Shake my fell purpose nor keep
ith much ado at length have gotten leave To look upon my sometimes royal master's face. O, how it ern'd my heart, when I beheld, In London 
ion here? Follow my mother. King dies. Laer. He is justly serv'd. It is a poison temper'd by himself. Exchan
he runaways will think that every one is off on the wrong scent." "What are we to do, then?" I asked, as we landed near Millbank Penite
. Bal. [aside] For all this same, I'll hide me hereabout. His looks I fear, and his intents I doubt. [Retires.] Rom. Thou detestable maw, thou womb of death, Gorg'd with the dearest morsel of t
th a last long, questioning gaze, and then, pressing my hand in a cold, dank grasp, he hurried from th
d rather be a free crossing sweeper in New York than a large mine owner under the power of a ring of blackmailers. By Gar! it was as well th
g is also most characteristic. Watson, I think our quiet rest in the country has been a distinct succ
ace? CLARENCE. His Majesty, Tend'ring my person's safety, hath appointed This conduct to convey me to th' Tower. GLOUCESTER. U
nd we returned to Norfolk a wedded couple. You'll think it very mad, Mr. Holmes, that a man of a good old family should marry a wife in this fashion, 
 imperial seat, to virtue consecrate, To justice, continence, and nobility; But let desert in pure election shine; And, Romans, fight for freedom in your choice. Enter MARCUS ANDRONICUS alo
r weakness stands, not in her strength. NESTOR. Most wisely hath Ulysses here discover'd The fever whereof al
 attire. We will persuade him, be it possible, To put on better ere he go to church. BAPTISTA. I'll after him and see the event of this.
as a man with some amount of self-importance and a certain air of command. You must have observed the way in which he held his hea
d, our blood is cold, and then We pout upon the morning, are unapt To give or to forgive; but when we 
one!" "I propose to go up there presently. I have arranged it with the estimable Ames, who is by no means whole-hearted about Barker. I shall sit in that room and see if its a
soft patches, and, though we frequently lost sight of the track, we always succeeded in picking it up once more
her fondly gave away'? Ah, what a shame were this! Look on the boy; And let his manly face, which promiseth Successful fortune, steel thy melting heart To hold thine own 
TEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTR
oor. One, it is said, died that very night of what he had seen, and the other twain were but broken men for t
. FLAMINIUS. Is't possible the world should so much differ, And we alive that liv'd? Fly, damned baseness, To 
 great deduction to say that she came away in a hurry." "And what else?" I asked, keenly interested, a
of time. Hullo! we are going to hear some news now with a vengeance! Here is Gregson coming down the road w
wns Will make him burst his lead and rise from death. GLOUCESTER. Is Paris lost? Is Rouen yielded up? If Henry were recall'd to 
ho calls so loud? Rom. Come hither, man. I see that thou art poor. Hold, there is forty ducats. Let me have A dram of poison, 
ho it is, for ne'er till now Was I a child to fear I know not what. MARTIUS. Lord Bassianus lies beray'd in blood, All on a heap, like to a slaughtered lamb, 
pon the exchange. Beat. Speak, cousin; or, if you cannot, stop his mouth with a kiss and let not him speak neither. Pedro. In faith, lady, you
, Or dare to bring thy force so near the court. YORK. [Aside] Scarce can I speak, my choler is so gre
 <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE W
 <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WI
hou must be made immortal. Where's Barnardine? CLAUDIO. As fast lock'd up in sleep as guiltless labour When it li
ve been. I'm not very good at telling a story, Dr. Watson, but it is like this with me: "I used to have a billet at Coxon & Woodhouse's, of Draper's Garde
he rave? MARIA. No, madam, he does nothing but smile. Your ladyship were best to have some guard about you if he come; for sure t
 have made strong proof of my constancy, Giving myself a voluntary wound Here in the thigh. Can I bear that with patience And not my husband's secrets? BRUTUS. O ye go
 instant that I grasped it my whole mind was turned to the one thought of getting back my husband's 
en a ladder, quaintly made of cords, To cast up with a pair of anchoring hooks, Would serve to scale another Hero's tow'r, So bold Lean
to dismantle So many folds of favour. Sure her offence Must be of such unnatural degree That monsters it, or your fore-vouch'd affection Fall'n into taint; which to believ
r only to the beard." "And so could I--from which I gather that in all probability it was a false one. A clever man upon so delicate an errand has 
ould become such a person- that it was no better than picture-like to hang by th' wall, if renown made it no
 orient pearl, Advantaging their loan with interest Of ten times double gain of happiness. Go, then, my mother, to
s may jet through And keep their impious turbans on without Good morrow to the sun. Hail, thou fair heaven! We house i' th' rock, yet use thee not so hardly As prouder l
 good men are pleas'd, let them come in; but quickly now. SERVANT. Why, they stay at door, sir. Exit He
tle half empty. How do all these unusuals strike you, Watson?" "Their cumulative effect is certainly considerable, and yet each of them is quite pos
be of flesh and blood, may they not? There are two questions waiting for us at the outset. The one is whether 
he question now is whether we should take a premature lunch here, or run our chance of starving before we reach the buffet at Newhaven."
eam gave grace! Who glazed with crystal gate the glowing roses That flame through water which their hue encloses. 'O father, what a hell of witc
most revered names in England is being besmirched by a blackmailer, and only I can stop a disastrous scandal. You will 
ebber and one to Joseph Stangerson." "At what address?" "American Exchange, Strand--to be left till called for. They
ot he alone shall suffer what wit can make heavy and vengeance bitter; but those that are germane to hi
ot. Did he suspire, that light and weightless down Perforce must move. My gracious lord! my father! This 
s. HERMIONE. There's some ill planet reigns. I must be patient till the heavens look With an aspect more favourable. Go
ediately by a hollow drumming sound, as if someone were beating on the outer door with his fist. As it opened there came a tum
. ELINOR. My blessing go with thee! KING JOHN. [To ARTHUR] For England, cousin, go; Hubert shall be your man, attend on you With all true duty. On toward Calais, ho! Exeunt SCENE 4. France. The
 HUBERT. Indeed I have been merrier. ARTHUR. Mercy on me! Methinks no body should be sad but I; Yet, I rememb
ion of yourself, or else To him had left it solely. AUFIDIUS. I understand thee well; and be thou sure, When he shall come to his account, he k
rst and last. POSTHUMUS. Your Italy contains none so accomplish'd a courtier to convince the honour of my mistress, 
er envy, therefore, or misprision Is guilty of this fault, and not my son. Hot. My liege, I did deny no prisoners. But I rememb
ess to inquire. Shortly after Peter Carey gave up the sea, and it was long years before I could find where he was. I guessed that he had done 
erve, and I Believe it better than reportingly. Exit. Scene II. A room in Leonato's house. Enter Don Pedro, Claudio, Bene
wn impression as to the young lady's--your wife's character?" The nobleman swung his glasses a little fast
at this can only be done by absolute and complete frankness between us. I am disposed to help your Grace to the best of my ability; b
ies are embark'd. Farewell. And, sister, as the winds give benefit And convoy is assistant, do not sleep, But let me hear from you. Oph. Do you doubt that? Laer. For Hamlet,
s in joy Than hope enjoy'd. By this the weary lords Shall make their way seem short, as mine hath done By sight of what I 
an hour's warning. ROMAN. I am joyful to hear of their readiness, and am the man, I think, that shall set the
there came a sudden buzzing in my ears, and next moment I fell in a dead faint among the rose-bushes. "How long I remained unconscious I cannot tell.
under it, but never more so than during that long drive in the darkness. The great ordeal was in front of us; at last we were about to make our final effort, a
Scottish prisoners. Deliver them up without their ransom straight, And make the Douglas' son your only mean For 
e again, till thou art able to woo her in good English. FALSTAFF. Have I laid my brain in the sun, and dried it, that it wants matter to prevent so gross, o'er-reaching as this? Am I ridden w
respect with me, Than to be used as you use your dog? DEMETRIUS. Tempt not too much the hatred of my s
 address, but I feared that you might disregard my request and bring unpleasant people with you. I took the liberty, therefore, of making an appointm
m such a cottage. POLIXENES. That's likewise part of my intelligence; but, I fear, the angle that plucks our son thither. Thou shalt accompa
 brother's purpose herein, and have by underhand means laboured to dissuade him from it; but he is resolute. I'll tell 
 Shallow, choose what office thou wilt in the land, 'tis thine. Pistol, I will double-charge thee with 
rence beside the mantelpiece. "Here he is," said he, sitting down and flattening it out upon his knee. "'Lord Robert Walsingham de Vere St. Simon, second son 
doubt of it. But have you never been prosecuted for begging?" "Many times; but what was a fine to me?" "It must stop here, however," said Bradstreet. "If the police a
by joint, but we will know his purpose. What, 'unjust'! DUKE. Be not so hot; the Duke Dare no more stretch this finger of mine th
I must confess that I am still in the dark." "I will soon make it clear to you," said she; "and I'd have done so before now if 
believe he can have everything in him by wearing his apparel neatly. FIRST SOLDIER. Well, that's set down. PAROLLES. 'Five or six thou
nd it could not be more than thirty feet down. I clambered out upon the sill, but I hesitated to jum
ou leave Chicago?" "I'm damned if I tell you that!" McGinty opened his eyes. He was not used to being answered in such fashion, and it amused
ve, That good effects may spring from words of love. Thus Kent, O princes, bids you all adieu; He'll shape his old course in a country n
blood, we should have answer'd heaven Boldly 'Not guilty,' the imposition clear'd Hereditary ours. HERM
on, it's as well we have not to turn out to-night," said Holmes, laying aside his lens and rolling up the palimpsest. "I've done enough for one sitting
ular 'shall,' against a graver bench Than ever frown'd in Greece. By Jove himself, It makes the consuls base; and my soul ache
uld not make it worse an 'twere such a face as yours were. Bene. Well, you are a rare parrot-teacher. Beat. A bird of my tongue is better than a beast o
US, with the casket TIMON. O my friends, I have one word to say to you. Look you, my good lord, I must entreat y
implore. If not, i' th' name of God, Your pleasure be fulfill'd! WOLSEY. You have here, lady, And of your choice, these reverend fathers-men Of singular integrity and learning, Yea, th
aid must needs have taken if she were to reach her own home. "They had gone a mile or two when they passed one of the night shepherds
 than a necessary bencher in the Capitol. MENENIUS. Our very priests must become mockers, if they shall encounter such ridiculous subjects as you are. When y
illing witness. McMurdo went to Hobson's Patch as agreed. The police seemed to take particular interest in him that morni
nd was gone. But when I came to think the matter over my conscience reproached me bitterly for having on any pretext allowed him to go out of my sig
ble step, Mrs. Douglas," said the inspector. "You may rest assured that nothing will be neglected." "Spar
e Pandies away from it. Peace seemed to be settling upon the country, and we four were beginning to h
 Italian was even more limited than his English, so I shrugged my shoulders resignedly, and continued to look out anxiously fo
night. LONGAVILLE. Costard the swain and he shall be our sport; And so to study three years is but short. Enter DULL, a constable, with a letter,
ETER. Scorn and defiance, slight regard, contempt, And anything that may not misbecome The mighty sender, doth he prize you at. Thus says my kin
pirit ranging for revenge, With Ate by his side come hot from hell, Shall in these confines with a monarch's voice Cry "Ha
, my most sovereign lord. Among this princely heap, if any here, By false intelligence or wrong surmise, Hold me a f
e to make me Wait else at door, a fellow councillor, 'Mong boys, grooms, and lackeys. But their pleasures Must be fulfill
xit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF
rists; you good gods, give me The penitent instrument to pick that bolt, Then, free for ever! Is't enough I am sorry? So children temporal fathers do 
enry Baskerville, who arrives at Waterloo Station"--Dr. Mortimer looked at his watch--"in exactly one hour and a quarter." "He bein
 Nymph, in thy orisons Be all my sins rememb'red. Oph. Good my lord, How does your honour for this many a day? Ham. 
ss' good I ever labour'd More than mine own; that am, have, and will be- Though all the world should 
d him at our feast. Read o'er the volume of young Paris' face, And find delight writ there with beauty's pen; 
e comes out. She promises him then not to go there again, but two days afterwards the hope of getting rid of those dreadful neighbors was too strong for her, and she made another atte
 are no fool. OLIVIA. How say you to that, Malvolio? MALVOLIO. I marvel your ladyship takes delight i
try to come, and I shall meet you with the dog-cart at Winchester. Let me know your train. "'Yours faithfully, "'Jeph
e fashion to testify. PETRUCHIO. Read it. GRUMIO. The note lies in's throat, if he say I said so. TAILOR. [Reads] 'Imprimis,
ce-know, officious lords, I dare and must deny it. Now I feel Of what coarse metal ye are moulded-envy; How eage
case the coincidence must indeed be an extraordinary one. But I think that we shall succeed in establi
ether, At blow and thrust, even as again they were When you yourself did part them. More of this matter cannot I report. But men are men; the best sometimes for
 enemies When adverse foreigners affright my towns With dreadful pomp of stout invasion! Be Mercury, set feathers to thy heel
e how it helps us." "It was the first link in my chain of reasoning. Powdered opium is by no means tasteless. The flavo
 Did hold his eyes lock'd in her crystal looks. SILVIA. Belike that now she hath enfranchis'd them Upon some other pawn for 
 be wished. I tell you that there never was a shadow between us until this accursed affair began. "There's on
as considerably startled by this fresh proof of the practical nature of my companion's theories. My respect for his powers of analysis increased wondrously. The
for they'll find 'em truth. This royal infant-heaven still move about her!- Though in her cradle, yet now promises Upon this land a thousand blessings, Which time shall bring to ripen
n And self-reproving. Bring his constant pleasure. [Exit an Officer.] Reg. Our sister's man is certai
e so few, His soldiers sick and famish'd in their march; For I am sure, when he shall see our army, He'll drop his heart into the sink of fear, And f
of. Some oracle Must rectify our knowledge. PROSPERO. Sir, my liege, Do not infest your mind with beating on The strangeness of this business; at pick'd leisure, Which shall be shortly, si
e of my bottle; if he have never drunk wine afore, it will go near to remove his fit. If I can recover him, and keep him tame, I wi
BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC A
 and cry Hath followed certain men unto this house. Prince. What men? Sher. One of them is well known, my gracious lord
tancy. If I read it not truly, my ancient skill beguiles me; but in the boldness of my cunning I will lay myse
h haste. BOLINGBROKE. Welcome, my lords. I wot your love pursues A banish'd traitor. All my treasury Is yet but unfel
ose from forth the royal blood of France, My low and humble name to propagate With any branch or image of thy state; But such 
ir mercies Whom thou, in terms so bloody and so dear, Hast made thine enemies? ANTONIO. Orsino, noble sir, Be pleas'd that I shake off these nam
 simple souls Should perish by the sword! And I myself, Rather than bloody war shall cut them short, Will parley with Jack Cade their general. But st
w soon I go, but I should like to leave some account of the business behind me. I don't want to be remembered as a common cut-throa
ward. I leave your honours. If we and Caius Marcius chance to meet, 'Tis sworn between us we shall ever strike Till one can do no more. ALL. The gods
 unfamiliar tracks. A criminal who was capable of such a thought is a man whom I should be proud to do
s dull? Barren my wit? If voluble and sharp discourse be marr'd, Unkindness blunts it more than marble hard. Do their gay vestments his affections ba
 it. He made no allusion to the affair, however, until one afternoon a fortnight or so later. I was going out when he called me ba
overed his face could not conceal its repulsive ugliness. A broad wheal from an old scar ran right acros
tray'd me, and shall die the death. MARDIAN. Death of one person can be paid but once, And that she has dischar
xplained. "All day I have waited to hear from him, for he often likes to be alone; but an hour ago I feared that somethi
d array. Tom 's acold. Lear. What hast thou been? Edg. A servingman, proud in heart and mind; that curl'd my hair
f he be angry. DESDEMONA. I prithee, do so. Exit Iago. Something sure of state, Either from Venice or some unhatch'd practice Made demonstrable here in Cyprus to him, Hath
d see, I would not have him know so much by me. BEROWNE. [Descending] Now step I forth to whip hypocrisy, Ah, go
S. Ay, and it doth confirm Another stain, as big as hell can hold, Were there no more but it. IACHIMO. Will you hear
. Ver. 'Twere best he did. Wor. Then are we all undone. It is not possible, it cannot be The King should keep his w
out, I warrant you. I dare draw as soon as another man, if I see occasion in a good quarrel, and the law on my side. Nur
ESSENGER. Brown, madam; and her forehead As low as she would wish it. CLEOPATRA. There's gold for thee. Thou must not take my former sharpness ill. I will
ild; For thy escape would teach me tyranny, To hang clogs on them. I have done, my lord. DUKE. Let me speak like yourself, and lay a sent
E. Nay, let her languish A drop of blood a day and, being aged, Die of this folly. Exit, with LORDS Enter PISANIO QUEEN. Fie! you must gi
will make a Star Chamber matter of it; if he were twenty Sir John Falstaffs, he shall not abuse Robert Shallow, esquire. SLENDER. In the county of Gloucester, Justice of Peace, and
n, By means whereof this breast of mine hath buried Thoughts of great value, worthy cogitations. Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face? BRUTUS. No, Cassius, for the eye sees not i
ever, And we must bleed for it; of which disease Our late King, Richard, being infected, died. But, my most noble Lord of Westmoreland, I take not on me here as a physic
say so; The bastard brains with these my proper hands Shall I dash out. Go, take it to the fire; For thou set's
roilus A priest, there off'ring to it his own heart. Exit PARIS. I know what 'tis to love, And would, as I shall pity, I could help! Please you walk in, my lords. Exeunt AC
 natural breath; but, howsoe'er you have Been justled from your senses, know for certain That I am Prospero, and that ve
Let me but move one question to your daughter, And by that fatherly and kindly power That you have in her, bid her answer truly. Leon. I charge thee do so, as thou
he lad says is absolutely true." "What of this 'Cooee!' then?" "Well, obviously it could not have been meant
o breathes at nostrils. CALIBAN. The spirit torments me. O! STEPHANO. This is some monster of the isle with four legs, who hath got, as I take it, an ague.
er lying wounded upon the floor." "How long have you been here, doctor?" "Since four o'clock." "Anyone els
had bachelor quarters for one, and I see that you have no gentleman visitor at present. Your hat-stand proclaims as much." "I shall
uttoned awry, in search of advice and assistance." Our client looked down with a rueful face at his ow
ue heart. The common voice, I see, is verified Of thee, which says thus: 'Do my Lord of Canterbury A
lthsome air breathes in, And there die strangled ere my Romeo comes? Or, if I live, is it not very l
 forth. Masters, I charge you in the Prince's name accuse these men. 1. Watch. This man said, sir, that Don John th
 a courage to do him good. But now return, And with their faint reply this answer join: Who bates mine honour shall not know my coin. Exit SERVANT. Excellent! Your lordship
Youngling, learn thou to make some meaner choice: Lavina is thine elder brother's hope. AARON. Why, are ye mad, or know ye not in Rome How furious and impatient they be, And cannot brook competitor
nt That very manners urges. Kent. I am come To bid my king and master aye good night. Is he not here? Alb. Great thing of us forgot! Speak, Edmu
ntio loves; And let me be a slave t' achieve that maid Whose sudden sight hath thrall'd my wounded eye. Enter BIONDELLO. Here comes the rogue. Sirr
ibe to heaven. The fated sky Gives us free scope; only doth backward pull Our slow designs when we ourselves are dull
 the same story with an absolute disregard of what she might say to discourage him. "Someone else?" he woul
e in this beauteous face A world of earthly blessings to my soul, If sympathy of love unite our thought
 Dieu vivant! Shall a few sprays of us, The emptying of our fathers' luxury, Our scions, put in wild and savage stock, S
on which had been left upon both of us by our first experience of Baskerville Hall. As Sir Henry and I sat at breakfast the sunlight flooded in t
to come as for a camel To thread the postern of a small needle's eye.' Thoughts tending to ambition, they do plot Unlikely wonders: h
a whole-souled answer. I am sure they do. But your more deadly proposition is not so clear. Let us for a moment consider the difficulties which s
wise he had suffer'd for't. Thou think'st not of this now. Nay, I remember the trick you serv'd me when I took my leave of M
ry intelligent--not a man likely to be congenial to a quick-witted Latin. Why, then, was he picked out from all the other people w
. YORK. It may be I will go with you; but yet I'll pause, For I am loath to break our country's laws. Nor friends nor foes, to me welcome you are. Things past redre
peace Such bold hostility, teaching his duteous land Audacious cruelty. If that the King Have any way your good deserts forgot, Which he confesseth to be manifold, He bid
, general. Montano and myself being in speech, There comes a fellow crying out for help, And Cassio following him with
ather and the daughter were walking in front of us. "'It's infernally dark,' said he, stamping about
ifficult to express his own feelings in words. "It's all these goings-on, sir," he cried at last, wa
o bring it back with him to restore the fallen grandeur of his line. Sir Charles, as is well known, made large sums of money in South African speculation. More wise than those who go on
mine With th' ancient of war on our proceeding. Edm. I shall attend you presently at your tent. Reg. Sist
nd and wrung it cordially. "You're a man to be proud of," he said. "There are not many who would come to share our 
s!" He opened his bag, and at last we saw placed upon our table a complete specimen of that bust which we
s if she perform, She shall not sue unheard. So to them both. EUPHRONIUS. Fortune pursue thee! CAESAR.
ing cold fear, that mean and gentle all Behold, as may unworthiness define, A little touch of Harry in the night. 
Exeunt. Scene IV. A street. Enter Benvolio and Mercutio. Mer. Where the devil should this Romeo be? Came he not home to-night? Ben. Not to his father's. I spoke
them make I as little question As he is proud to do't. BRUTUS. I heard him swear, Were he to stand for consul, never would he Appear i' th' market-place, nor on hi
 the night before. "Do you reckon he knows much?" he asked anxiously. McMurdo shook his head gloomily. "He
ds a little paradoxical." "But it is profoundly true. Singularity is almost invariably a clue. The more
f in counsel, his competitor. Now presently I'll give her father notice Of their disguising and pretended flight, Who, all enrag'd, will banish Valentine, For Thuri
ustice, most sacred Duke, against the Abbess! DUKE. She is a virtuous and a reverend lady; It cannot be that she hath done thee wrong. ADRIANA. May it pleas
ssion be determin'd. WARWICK. Ay, therein Clarence shall not want his part. KING HENRY. But, with the first of all your chief affairs, Let me ent
oly. Exit JAQUES ROSALIND. [Aside to CELIA] I will speak to him like a saucy lackey, and under that habit play the knave with him.- Do you hear, forester? ORLANDO. Very well; wha
er being both away, The powers of us may serve so great a day. Come, let us take a muster speedily. Doomsday is near. Die all, die merri
of the most revered names in England is being besmirched by a blackmailer, and only I can stop a disastrous scandal. You will see how impossible it is for me to go to Dartmoor." "Wh
ounger daughter: Now is the day we long have looked for; I am your neighbour, and was suitor first. TRAN
 conscience- ANTONIO. Ay, sir; where lies that? If 'twere a kibe, 'Twould put me to my slipper; but I feel not This deity in 
hands and chuckling as he added this bizarre incident to his collection of strange episodes. "Your experience is, so far a
lumn. "In Brixton Road, this morning," it ran, "a plain gold wedding ring, found in the roadway betwee
We will keep it as a little surprise for them.' He was very insistent upon this point, and made me promise it
e humorous Duke? Your praise is come too swiftly home before you. Know you not, master, to some kind of men Their graces serve them but as enemies? No more do yours. 
d my prisoners, Presents well worthy Rome's imperious lord; Receive them then, the tribute that I owe, Mine honour's ensigns humbled at thy feet.
ht, and I stared with astonishment at our client. "You may well look surprised, Dr. Watson; but it is this way," said he: "When I was speaking to the other chap in London, at th
er Stairs at seven o'clock." "That is easily managed. There is always one about there; but I can step across the road and telep
give us leave, great King, To view the field in safety, and dispose Of their dead bodies! KING HENRY. I tell thee truly, herald, I know not i
tter? MESSENGER. The news is, sir, the Volsces are in arms. MARCIUS. I am glad on't; then we shall ha' means to vent Our musty superfluity. See, our best elders. Enter COMINIUS, TITUS
ty, fertile bosom, And well become the agent. 'T may, I grant; But to be paddling palms and pinching fingers, As now they are, and
 She does so take on with her men; they mistook their erection. FALSTAFF. So did I mine, to build upon a foolish woman's promise. QUICKLY. Well, she laments, sir, for 
said Holmes. "Who opened the door?" "A middle-aged woman, who was, I suppose, his housekeeper." "And 
s prisoner. YORK. Then, Buckingham, I do dismiss my pow'rs. Soldiers, I thank you all; disperse yourse
 make it clear, but do confess I have Been laden with like frailties which before Have often sham'd our sex. CAESAR. Cl
his band; on that thinks a man always going to bed, and says 'God give you good rest!' ANTIPHOLUS OF
inary character, in which he played a prominent part. Many startling successes and a few unavoidable failures were the outcome of this long period of continuous
And yet it was not entirely a question of imagination," I answered. "Did you, for example, happen to hear someone, a woman I think, sobbing in the night?" "That is curious, fo
 long and weary journey we alighted at a small station some miles from Chatham. While a horse was being put into a trap at the loc
ght and nine this evening." "Excuse my using your name," he said. "If I used my own some of these dunderheads would reco
ous eyes which uttered more threats than his tongue could do. I don't know what passed between the poor dad and him after that
he room. Heavily built and massive, there was a suggestion of uncouth physical inertia in the figure,
lack. The will of heav'n Be done in this and all things! I obey. O my Lord Aberga'ny, fare you well! BRANDON. Nay, he 
 me at our parting: 'Be serviceable to my son' quoth he, Although I think 'twas in another sense- I am content to 
t, falser: I will not come today. Tell them so, Decius. CALPURNIA. Say he is sick. CAESAR. Shall Caesar send a lie? Have I in conquest stretch'd mine arm so far To be afeard to tell greybeards th
 Mrs. Cecil Forrester was out for the evening, she explained, and likely to be very late. Miss Morstan, how
the nobles for their lands, Desire his jewels and this other's house, And my more-having would be as a sauce To 
y Of that fell poison which assaileth him. PRINCE HENRY. Let him be brought into the orchard here. Doth he still rage? Exit BIGOT PEMBROKE. He is more patient Than 
t round with me. You see, if I am to be squire down there I must dress the part, and it may be that I have got a little careless in my ways out West. Among other things I bought thes
resser under me at Bart's. The sight of a friendly face in the great wilderness of London is a pleasant 
pect and my reputation are concerned to fight it to a finish." "Well, I don't like it; but I suppose it must be," sai
 witness, Imperious and impatient of your wrongs; And wherein Rome hath done you any scath, Let him make treble satis
 is prisoner. YORK. Then, Buckingham, I do dismiss my pow'rs. Soldiers, I thank you all; disperse yourselves; Meet me to
he drowsy race of night; If this same were a churchyard where we stand, And thou possessed with a th
d me out after him. "Excuse me, my dear fellow," said he, as we watched the rear carriages of our train disappearing round a curve; "I am sorry to make you th
thin my mind A thousand raw tricks of these bragging Jacks, Which I will practise. NERISSA. Why, shall we turn to men? PORTIA. Fie, what a question's that, If th
me that he hath done me wrong, And therefore I'll uncrown him ere't be long. There's thy reward; be gone. Exit POST LEWIS. But, Warwick, 
en through proud London he came sighing on After th' admired heels of Bolingbroke, Criest now 'O earth, yield us that king again, And take thou this!' O 
fore that day, between whom no word or even look of affection had ever passed, and yet now in an hour of trouble our hands instinctively sought for each other. I have marvelled at it since, but at t
er, It is most meet we arm us 'gainst the foe; For peace itself should not so dull a kingdom, Though war nor no known quarrel were in question, But that def
 like a descended god: He hath a kind of honour sets him of More than a mortal seeming. Be not angry, Most mighty Princess, t
rthrown. The manner and true order of the fight This packet, please it you, contains at large. KING. And wherefore should these good news make me sick? W
d woman as a former servant, and that they had obtained permission to take her away with them. No surprise 
 I have named that price, so I intend to stick to it." "Well, it is very handsome of you, Mr. Holmes. I brought
bloody-hunting slaughtermen. What say you? Will you yield, and this avoid? Or, guilty in defence, be thus destroy'd? GOVERNOR. Our expectati
 GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DIS
artner in this business, and lay aside the thoughts of Sicilia. CAMILLO. I willingly obey your command. POLIXENES. My best Camillo! We mu
r, this is the house; please it you that I call? PEDANT. Ay, what else? And, but I be deceived, Signior Baptista may remember me Near twenty yea
l herself Weigh'd between loathness and obedience at Which end o' th' beam should bow. We have lost your son, I fear, for ever
TRANIO. He is my father, sir; and, sooth to say, In count'nance somewhat doth resemble you. BIONDELLO. [Aside
ection?" "No, I can hardly answer that." "Then I have wasted my time and need not prolong my visit." The famous doctor strode out of our cottage in considerable ill-humou
infected forth, But kill not all together. SECOND SENATOR. What thou wilt, Thou rather shalt enforce it with thy 
-morning, Lanner," answered Holmes; "you won't think me an intruder, I am sure. Have you heard of the events which led up to this affair?" "Yes, 
stretch it out. Masters o' th' people, We do request your kindest ears; and, after, Your loving motion toward the common body, To yield what passes here. SICINIUS. We are convented Upon a pleasi
, my friend flung himself at once with characteristic eagerness into the investigation. The boy's chamber was carefully examined, and yielded nothi
acrament, And interchangeably set down their hands To kill the King at Oxford. DUCHESS. He shall be none; We'll keep him here. The
condition, Made tame and most familiar to my nature; And here, to do you service, am become As new into the world, strange, unacquainted- I do beseech you, as in way of taste, To 
ance a little. May be I will call upon you anon, for some advantage to yourself. MARIANA. I am always bound
icted upon our conductor's face that this was by no means the usual appearance of his employer. "You look ill, Mr. P
was able occasionally, without any active interference, to give some hint or suggestion drawn from his o
 be not tongue-tied. Go with me, And in the breath of bitter words let's smother My damned son that thy two sweet
essed that they can at present make nothing of it. You may go to any expense which you think necessary. I h
 must All follow this and come to dust. GUIDERIUS. Fear no more the lightning flash, ARVIRAGUS. Nor th' all-dreaded thunder-stone; GUI
my good. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJ
urish. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS
draw, And meet the time as it seeks us. We fear not What can from Italy annoy us; but We grieve at chances here. Away! Exeunt all but
ehold Kates. Re-enter BAPTISTA, GREMIO, and TRANIO Here comes your father. Never make denial; I must and
et and Ursula. Hero. Good Margaret, run thee to the parlour. There shalt thou find my cousin Beatrice Propos
etus make With a bare bodkin? Who would these fardels bear, To grunt and sweat under a weary life, But that the dread of something after death- The undiscover'd coun
though several passers-by declared that they had noticed a man run out of the shop, he could neither see anyone nor 
hom he admits. TITUS. Tribunes, I thank you; and this suit I make, That you create our Emperor's eldest
CT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COP
CT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LON
e. Why in this wolvish toge should I stand here To beg of Hob and Dick that do appear Their needless vouches? Custom call
was sitting before a Remington typewriter, sprang up with a pleasant smile of welcome. Her face fell, however, when she saw 
efended; nor none so noble Whose life were ill bestow'd or death unfam'd Where Helen is the subject. Then, I say
colour, but he came To whisper Wolsey-here makes visitation- His fears were that the interview betwixt England
 me The rest o' th' island. PROSPERO. Thou most lying slave, Whom stripes may move, not kindness! I have us'd thee, Filth as thou art, with 
erence, Since thou deniest the gentle King to speak. Sound trumpets; let our bloody colours wave, And either victory or else a grave! QUEEN MARGARET. Stay, Edward. EDWARD. No, wrangling wom
fections that the sun sucks up From bogs, fens, flats, on Prosper fall, and make him By inch-meal a disease! H
w be presented against him, and all further investigation has served to strengthen it. By the way, there i
m to us, That thus he marcheth with thee arm in arm? YORK. In all submission and humility York doth present 
est point Of mortal breathing. Seize it, if thou dar'st. AUMERLE. An if I do not, may my hands rot of And never brandish m
 nobles. VOLSCE. Hath been! Is it ended, then? Our state thinks not so; they are in a most warlike preparation
luable as a gold-mine. Naturally, it was to my interest to buy their land before they discovered its true value, but unfortunately 
d Arthur were much interested and wished to see the famous coronet, but I thought it better not to disturb it. "'Wher
ch I have disabled mine estate By something showing a more swelling port Than my faint means would grant continuance; Nor do I now make moan to be abridg'd F
unpleasant couple, but fortunately I spend most of my time in the nursery and my own room, which are next to each o
 is outlawed and cannot hold property, so that it belongs to the first comer.' "'To government, Small,' he stammered,--'
h a half-sovereign, at the old naturalist's in Pinchin Lane. At Camberwell I found Miss Morstan a little weary after her night's adventures, but very
m you be took. Thus do I pine and surfeit day by day, Or gluttoning on all, or all away. 76 Why is my verse so bar
 shipwreck if I am so candid. Can you not find the advertisement, Mr. Wilson?" "Yes, I have got it now," he answered with his thick red finger planted ha
mes this gentle concord in the world That hatred is so far from jealousy To sleep by hate, and fear no enmity? LYSANDER. My lord, I shall reply amazedly
ir spheres been fitted In the distraction of this madding fever! O benefit of ill, now I find true That better is, by evi
irtue on it, madam. PORTIA. The crow doth sing as sweetly as the lark When neither is attended; and I think ne nightingale, if she should sin
EANS. Foolish curs, that run winking into the mouth of a Russian bear, and have their heads crush'd like rotten apples! You may as well sa
n, or that she has passed through it, but the former is improbable, as, with their system of registration, 
s in our noiseless land, With plumed helm thy state begins to threat, Whiles thou, a moral fool, sit'st still, and criest 'Alack, why does he so?' Alb. See thyself,
em good. LADY GREY. Therefore I came unto your Majesty. KING EDWARD. I'll tell you how these lands are 
ce! My wife kill'd too? ROSS. I have said. MALCOLM. Be comforted. Let's make us medicines of our great revenge, To cure this deadly grief. MACDUF
er? FIRST GENTLEMAN. His daughter, and the heir of's kingdom, whom He purpos'd to his wife's sole son- a widow That late he married- hath referr'd herself Unto a poo
 and proper." "Get what?" McMurdo whispered to his neighbour. "The business end of a buckshot cartridge!" cried the 
as his infirmity. Three or four wenches where I stood cried, "Alas, good soul!" and forgave him with all their hearts. But there's no heed to be taken of them; if Caesar had stabbe
 has been a clergyman; but one or two incidents of his short residence at the Hall struck me as peculiarly unecclesiastical. I have already made some inqu
, physical deformity. I remember that during our short visit we found the vicar garrulous, but his lodger strangely reticent, a sad-faced, introspective man, sitting with averted eyes, br
minster wharf, and found our launch awaiting us. Holmes eyed it critically. "Is there anything to mark it as a police-boat?" "Yes,--that 
 explanation from the butler. "Well, I won't see him, Staples. I can't have my work interrupted like this. 
see it. Treason and murder ever kept together, As two yoke-devils sworn to either's purpose, Working so grossly in a natural caus
at claims marriage of me, could find in my heart to stay here still and turn witch. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRAC
ow? His victims dare not hit back. If ever he blackmailed an innocent person, then, indeed, we should have him; but he is as cunning as the Evil One. No, no; we must 
the sleepers. Let us bear him To th' court of guard; he is of note. Our hour Is fully out. SECOND WATCH. Come on, then
, your hand, this kingly seal And plighter of high hearts! O that I were Upon the hill of Basan to o
he fountain of your mind were clear again, that I might water an ass at it. I had rather be a tick in a sheep than such a valiant ignorance. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF 
we are some of her trappings. DUKE. I know thee well. How dost thou, my good fellow? CLOWN. Truly, sir, the better for m
lf notice of my brother's purpose herein, and have by underhand means laboured to dissuade him from it; but he is resolute. I'll tell thee, Charles, it is 
own by the night-express," said Holmes. "We have had a charming little breath of your beautiful Dartmoor air." The Inspector opened his eyes, 
's fiery wheels. Non, ere the sun advance his burning eye The day to cheer and night's dank dew to dry, I must up-fill this osi
, it is too true; God help the while! THIRD CITIZEN. Then, masters, look to see a troublous world. FIRST CIT
s, and Attendants <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1
uous," said he, pulling up the blind. "Look at this--a sheet from a note-book, with 'For God's sake come at once--P. T.,' scrawled upon 
 Re-enter FLAVIUS, with the casket TIMON. O my friends, I have one word to say to you. Look you, my good lord, I must entreat you honour me
hou whoreson, impudent, emboss'd rascal, if there were anything in thy pocket but tavern reckonings, memorandums of bawdy houses, and one poor pennyworth of sugar candy to make thee l
ven but now, demanding after you, Denied me to come in) return, and force Their scanted courtesy. Lear. My wits begin to turn. Come on, my boy.
 Print!" statement. 1. LICENSE A) YOU MAY (AND ARE ENCOURAGED) TO DISTRIBUTE ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES OF THIS
nsense." "But I do. If you have any influence with Sir Henry, take him away from a place which has always been fatal to his family. The world is wide. Why should he wish to l
udden hest. O, what portents are these? Some heavy business hath my lord in hand, And I must know it, else he loves me not. Hot. What, ho! [Enter a Servant.] Is Gilliams wi
is most in apprehension; And the poor beetle that we tread upon In corporal sufferance finds a pang as great As when a giant dies. CLAUDIO. Why give you me this 
ivinity of hell! When devils will the blackest sins put on, They do suggest at first with heavenly shows, As I do now. For whiles this honest fool Plies Desdemona to repair his
AY. Then thus I turn me from my countrv's light, To dwell in solemn shades of endless night. KING RICHARD. Retur
ten at low water. Secondary inference,--that he had occasional bursts of prosperity, or he could not have redeemed the ple
 many forms, but never has it appeared to me in a more fearsome aspect than in that dark grimy apartment, which looked out upon one of the main arteries of suburban London. Lestrade, lean and ferret-
all I have with her to wife? BAPTISTA. After my death, the one half of my lands And, in possession, twen
in man's commendation with woman than report of valour. FABIAN. There is no way but this, Sir Andrew. AGUECHEEK. Will either of you bear me a challenge to him?
may judge Lord St. Simon very mercifully and thank our stars that we are never likely to find ourselves in the same posit
"Look here," he said at last, striding up to them, "when my daughter summons you, you can come, but until then I don'
ave, I did full hard forbear him. But I pray you, sir, Are you fast married? Be assured of this, That the magnifico is much beloved, And hath in his effect a voice potenti
tson. Now, then, listen to this. 'They are naturally hideous, having large, misshapen heads, small, fierce eyes, and distorted features
ld; each several stone, With wit well blazoned, smiled, or made some moan. '"Lo, all these trophies of affections hot, Of pensived and 
 The cause betwixt her and this great offender. KING. You were ever good at sudden commendations, Bishop of Winchester. But know I come not To hear 
 hall, And milk comes frozen home in pail, When blood is nipp'd, and ways be foul, Then nightly sings the staring owl
unes forth of France And heap'd sedition on his crown at home. For what hath broach'd this tumult bu
sengers; Or as the snake, roll'd in a flow'ring bank, With shining checker'd slough, doth sting a child
ry shortly to do. I have good hopes of managing it through my own arrangements; but it is a thing which needs delicate handling, for
l Your high displeasure. All this- uttered With gentle breath, calm look, knees humbly bow'd- Could not take truce with the 
our mind. Dread lord, the commons send you word by me Unless Lord Suffolk straight be done to death, Or banished
warrant?" asked McGinty. "By Gar! a man might as well live in Russia as in Vermissa while folk like you are running the police. It's a capitalist outrage, and you'll hear more of it, I r
 up close; His daughter meanly have I match'd in marriage; The sons of Edward sleep in Abraham's bosom, And Anne my wife hath bid this world good night. Now, for I know the Britaine Richmo
s Majesty- Upon our spiritual convocation And in regard of causes now in hand, Which I have open'd to his Grace at large, As touching France- to give a greater sum Than ever at one time the clergy
which was now traversed by this enormous body of men and of beasts. His face assumed an expression o
MALCOLM. [Aside to Donalbain.] Why do we hold our tongues, That most may claim this argument for ours?
d? Fly, damned baseness, To him that worships thee. [Throwing the money back] LUCULLUS. Ha! Now I see thou art a fool, and fit for thy master. Exit FLAMINIUS. May t
 difficulty in finding his house, however, and it was nearly half-past before I reached it. I found him--" "One moment!" said Holmes. "Who opened the door?" "A middle-aged woman, who was, I s
hether I had on my medical journeys at night ever seen any strange creature or heard the baying of a hound. The latter question he put to me several times, and always with a voice which vib
int Clare. LUCIO. [ Within] Ho! Peace be in this place! ISABELLA. Who's that which calls? FRANCISCA. It is a man's voice. Gentle Isabella, Turn you the key, and know his business of 
e weigh'd. In your lord's scale is nothing but himself, And some few vanities that make him light; But in the balance of great Bolingbroke, Bes
stery in this matter," he said, taking the cup of tea which I had poured out for him. "The facts appear to admit of only one explanation." "What! you have solved it already?" 
geance on me had they executed. Revenge it, as you love your mother's life, Or be ye not henceforth call'd my childr
-" "My dear Mycroft, I should be delighted." The brother scribbled a note upon a leaf of his pocket-book, and, ringing the bell, he handed it to
ain. IACHIMO. And himself. Not I Inclin'd to this intelligence pronounce The beggary of his change; but 'tis your graces That
 garden waterpots, Ay, and laying autumn's dust. Gent. Good sir- Lear. I will die bravely, like a smug brid
ou warm. PETRUCHIO. Marry, so I mean, sweet Katherine, in thy bed. And therefore, setting all this chat aside, Thus in plain terms: your
 A lane by the wall of Capulet's orchard. Enter Romeo alone. Rom. Can I go forward when my heart is here
 the Emperor's court There is a queen, attended by a Moor; Well shalt thou know her by thine own proportion, For up and down she doth resemble 
own, and I learned from a casual reference that he had visited the British Museum. Save for this one excursion, he spent his days i
Thy beauty's form in table of my heart, My body is the frame wherein 'tis held, And perspective it is best painte
e and touched his prisoner on the shoulder. "It is time for us to go." "Can I see her first?" "No, she is not conscious. Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I only hope that if ever again I h
eet about this weighty business- My Wolsey, see it furnish'd. O, my lord, Would it not grieve an able man
ounsel. O, what learning is! My lord, I'll tell my lady you will come. Rom. Do so, and bid my sweet prepare 
sy, proud Troyan. Be happy that my arms are out of use; My rest and negligence befriends thee now, But thou anon shalt hear of me again; Till w
ilar cases maturing. If it was circulated among them that I had made a severe example of the Lady Eva I should f
lt for me, as the reader has probably observed, to round off my narratives, and to give those final detail
noise we make. QUEEN. My lord, when last I went to visit her, She pray'd me to excuse her keeping close; Whereto 
t my caution was more pertinent Than the rebuke you give it. MENENIUS. He loves your people; But tie h
lly. "In trouble?" he asked in a whisper. "Deep." "A penitentiary job?" "And the rest." "Not a killing!" "It's early days to talk of such things," said McMurdo
 the Phoenix, sir, to dinner. My mistress and her sister stays for you. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Now, as I am a Christian, answe
 a careful man, he made such plans that, come what might, half at least of his treasure should be left to him. That which was in gold and sil
EN. Nay then, this spark will prove a raging fire, If wind and fuel be brought to feed it with; No more, good York; sweet Somerset, be still. Thy fortune, Y
 explorer. "You are very inquisitive, Mr. Holmes." "It is my business." With an effort Dr. Sterndale recov
ut wherefore art not in thy shop today? Why dost thou lead these men about the streets? SECOND COMMONER. Truly, sir,
mily of a retired brewer called Melville, living at Abermarle Mansion, Kensington. It was at his table that I met some weeks
ns to a head. And yet it may seem a small matter in itself. You are aware that I am not a very sound sleeper, and since I have been on guard in this house my slumbers ha
peer And gallop o'er the field. MONTJOY. The day is yours. KING HENRY. Praised be God, and not our strength, for it! What is this castle call'd that s
nument, Of thy intents desires instruction, That she preparedly may frame herself To th' way she's forc'd to. CAESAR. Bid her have good heart. She soon
! and maiden pride, adieu! No glory lives behind the back of such. And, Benedick, love on; I will requite thee, Taming my wild he
a rose in his grace, and it better fits my blood to be disdain'd of all than to fashion a carriage to rob love from any. I
en prosecute my right? Demetrius, I'll avouch it to his head, Made love to Nedar's daughter, Helena, And won her soul; and she, sweet lady, dotes, Devou
n fool no more money out of me at this throw; if you will let your lady know I am here to speak with her, and bring her along w
tatement bore the impress of truth upon it. "Did you ever write to Sir Charles asking him to meet you?" I continued. Mrs. Ly
, kinsmen, then we may go pipe for justice. MARCUS. O Publius, is not this a heavy case, To see thy noble uncle thus distract? PUBLIUS. Therefore, my lords, 
e is no clue?" said Gregson. "None at all," chimed in Lestrade. Sherlock Holmes approached the body, and, kneeling down, examined it in
 shipwreck if I am so candid. Can you not find the advertisement, Mr. Wilson?" "Yes, I have got it now," he answe
ock." Holmes sat for some little time twisting this letter between his fingers, and frowning, as he stared i
deration struck me. Jonathan Small must have felt that the peculiar appearance of his companion, however much he may 
o expound His beastly mind to us, he hath a court He little cares for, and a daughter who He not respects at all.- What ho, Pisanio! IACHIMO. O happy Leonatus! I
wenty thousand fairs. O, he hath drawn my picture in his letter! PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Anything like? ROSALINE. Much in the let
may come to live happily together in ignorance of the black cloud which rests upon their past. THE FIVE ORANGE PIPS When I gla
what other odds and ends." "Well, we are quite in your hands, Mr. Holmes," said old Cunningham. "Anything which you or the Inspector may suggest will most certainly be 
. Here, quite confounded with this mutiny. METELLUS. Stand fast together, lest some friend of Caesar's Should chance- BRUTUS. Talk not of standing. Publius, good cheer, There is no harm in
ged at a time unseasonable. SALISBURY. In this the antique and well-noted face Of plain old form is much disfigured; And like a shifted wind unto a sail It makes
 of them, I have a mind presages me such thrift That I should questionless be fortunate. ANTONIO. Thou know'st that all 
r bird? I mean to shift my bush, And then pursue me as you draw your bow. You are welcome all. Exeunt BIANCA, KATHERINA, and WIDOW PETRUCHIO. She hath prevented me. Here, Signior Tranio
sir, my ring, or else the chain; I hope you do not mean to cheat me so. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Avaunt, thou witch! Come, Dromio, let us go. DROMIO
llen into years and poverty. "What is it, my man?" I asked. He looked about him in the slow methodical fashion of old age. "Is Mr. Sherlock Holmes here?" said he. "No; but I am acting for him. Yo
e to see if the carriage passed. There was no sign of it, however, and so it became evident that it had turned down one of sev
eath rock me asleep, abridge my doleful days! Why, then, let grievous, ghastly, gaping wounds Untwine the Sisters T
mes are done, and Caesar is returning. CASSIUS. As they pass by, pluck Casca by the sleeve, And he will, af
nds me? At present it is out of my power to reward you for your services, but in a month or six weeks I shall be
 present obscure, but I shall be very much surprised if before evening we have not cleared it up or made a considerable advance along it." It was already dark
re's that shall make you dance. Zounds, consort! Ben. We talk here in the public haunt of men. Either withdraw unto som
 him talk no more. SUFFOLK. Come, soldiers, show what cruelty ye can, That this my death may never be forgot- Great men oft die by vile bezon
nd I have heard good reports of the--Let me see, what is her name?" "The Aurora, sir." "Ah! She's not that old green launch with a yellow line, very br
uity of ten thousand pounds. There will be few richer young ladies in England. Is it not glorious?" I think that I must have been rather overacting my delight, and
ercy. I did not act, however, with undue precipitation. My plans were already formed. There is no satisfaction in vengeance unless the offender has time to realize w
prophet new inspir'd, And thus expiring do foretell of him: His rash fierce blaze of riot cannot last, For violent fires soon burn out 
Good-evening, Mr. James Windibank," said Holmes. "I think that this typewritten letter is from you, in which you made an appointment with me for six o'clock?" "Yes, si
lt catch cold shortly. There, take my coxcomb! Why, this fellow hath banish'd two on's daughters, and did the third a blessing against his wil
 no woman- Flat treason 'gainst the kingly state of youth. Say, can you fast? Your stomachs are too yo
 all those swearings keep as true in soul As doth that orbed continent the fire That severs day from night. DUKE. Give me thy hand;
ast, when I was arm'd, Not sure, though hoping of this good success, I ask'd his blessing, and from first to last Told him my pilgrimage.
e way in which she preserved that Agra plan from all the other papers of her father. But love is an emotional thi
n partnership with Colonel Moran he had actually won as much as four hundred and twenty pounds in a sitting some weeks before from Godf
my mother's womb. TALBOT. Upon my blessing I command thee go. JOHN. To fight I will, but not to fly the f
s not three leagues off when I left him. Leon. How many gentlemen have you lost in this action? Mess. But few of any sort, and none
being not took Before a true and lawful magistrate That hath authority over him that swears. Henry had none, but did usurp
ave, Expecting ever when some envious surge Will in his brinish bowels swallow him. This way to death my wretched sons are gone; H
are assembled; and my speech entreats That I may know the let why gentle Peace Should not expel these 
. Woodley since. "And now, Mr. Holmes, I come at last to the special thing which has caused me to ask your advice to-day. You must know that every Saturday forenoon I ride on my bi
ve evidently been running on parallel lines, and when we unite our results I expect we shall have a fairly full knowledge of the case." "Well, I am
g thus quench'd Of hope, not longing, mine Italian brain Gan in your duller Britain operate Most vilely; for my van
plot, Trinculo? TRINCULO. Excellent. STEPHANO. Give me thy hand; I am sorry I beat thee; but while thou li
d nature, who, with Sebastian- Whose inward pinches therefore are most strong- Would here have kill'd y
e, If Bertram be away. 'Twere all one That I should love a bright particular star And think to wed it, he is so above me. 
een, sir, very oft importun'd me To temper poisons for her; still pretending The satisfaction of her knowledge only In killing creatures vile, as cats and dogs, Of no esteem. I,
ants. I had often suffered under it, but never more so than during that long drive in the darkness. The great ordeal was in front of us; at l
 realm, depos'd the rightful king, Sent his poor queen to France, from whence she came. And him to Pomfret, where, as al
 the disjecta membra of my late acquaintance are going to be to me. No, sir, I think that, with your permission, I will 
! IACHIMO. O, I must, madam. Therefore I shall beseech you, if you please To greet your lord with writing, do't to-night. I have outstood my time, which is material 
yet it doth not know. Swear me to this, and I will ne'er say no. KING. These be the stops that hinder study quite, And train our int
d wash away thy country's stained spots. BURGUNDY. Either she hath bewitch'd me with her words, Or nature makes me suddenly relent. PUCELLE. Besides, all French and France exclaim
und us. He is curiously employed at present, for, being an amateur astronomer, he has an excellent telescope, with which he lies upon the roof of his own house and sweeps
and others KING EDWARD. Why, so. Now have I done a good day's work. You peers, continue this united league. I every day ex
s. HASTINGS. His Grace looks cheerfully and smooth this morning; There's some conceit or other likes him well When that he bids good morrow with
o very late; For but a month ago I went from hence, And then 'twas fresh in murmur- as, you know, What great ones do the 
light," I answered. "I regret the injustice which I did you. I should have had more faith in your marvellou
ady Frances, a beautiful woman, still in fresh middle age, and yet, by a strange change, the last derelict of what only twenty years
your grace, How merited to be so; since he came, With what encounter so uncurrent I Have strain'd t' appear thus; if one jot beyond The bound of honour, or in act or will That way inc
fear, Though you were born in Rome.' His bloody brow With his mail'd hand then wiping, forth he goes, Like t
therefore, hence, away. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PR
PAULINA and LADIES with HERMIONE Apollo, pardon My great profaneness 'gainst thine oracle. I'll reconcile me to Polixenes, New woo my queen, recall the good Camillo- Whom I proclaim a
se extraordinary crimes, robbery is certainly not one of them. There were no papers or memoranda in the murdered man's pocket, except a single telegram, dated from Cleveland about a month ag
PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY 
narchs and outstretch'd heroes the beggars' shadows. Shall we to th' court? for, by my fay, I cannot reason. Both. We'll wait upon you. Ham. No such matter! I will not s
s; Their papers, is more lawful. Reads the letter. 'Let our reciprocal vows be rememb'red. You have many opportunities to cut him off. If your will wan
 first, as to how it came here. It arrived upon Christmas morning, in company with a good fat goose, which is, I have no doubt, roasting at this moment in front of Peterson
egram before our Surrey officer had returned. Holmes read it and was about to place it in his notebook when he caught a glimpse of my expectant face. He tos
prawling, bloodstained figure on the floor. And yet, as I strolled round it and tried to steep my soul in its gentle balm, a stra
aged nightingales do sing. Or wilt thou sleep? We'll have thee to a couch Softer and sweeter than the lust
ndications that she has had recourse to an optician at least twice during the last few months. As her 
in do account myself well paid. My mind was never yet more mercenary. I pray you, know me when we meet again; I w
of it! He shall pack out of there with his baggage. I would have gone straight up and told him so, only I thought i
ger for thy sake. The private wound is deepest. O time most accurst! 'Mongst all foes that a friend should be the 
, but was altogether mellow and pleasing. "You are the historian of this bunch. Well, Dr. Watson, you've never had such a story as that pa
e accounts so clearly won. Are not you griev'd that Arthur is his prisoner? LEWIS. As heartily as he is glad he hath him. PANDULPH. Your mind is a
 unusual case," said he. "You gave me a few particulars in your letter, Mr. Hilton Cubitt, but I should be very much obliged if you
attendants, below BOLINGBROKE. Stand all apart, And show fair duty to his Majesty. [He kneels down] My gracious lord- KING RICHARD. Fair cousin, you debase your princely kne
 quite what Ames was used to, perhaps; but one can't have everything. He never saw any signs of apprehensi
my letter. Reg. Our troops set forth to-morrow. Stay with us. The ways are dangerous. Osw. I may not, madam. My lady charg'd my duty in t
k upon his merchandise. ANTONIO. Believe me, no; I thank my fortune for it, My ventures are not in o
RIA, YOUNG MARCIUS, with attendants My wife comes foremost, then the honour'd mould Wherein this trunk was fram'd, and in her hand The grandchild to 
hat same scurvy doting foolish young knave's sleeve of Troy there in his helm. I would fain see them meet, th
OMEDES AGAMEMNON. Here is Sir Diomed. Go, gentle knight, Stand by our Ajax. As you and Lord ]Eneas Consent upon the 
 What need'st thou wound with cunning when thy might Is more than my o'erpressed defence can bide? Let me excuse thee, ah my love 
ficulty in finding for myself. He had it--and he imagined that I would have it, too. In short, Watson, it is a very common book." "What you say certainly sounds plaus
You do awake your faith. Then all stand still; Or those that think it is unlawful business I am about, let them depart. LEONTES. Proceed.
our yesterdays have lighted fools The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shado
t outstretched to the fire, which a man would hardly do even in so wet a June as this if he were in his full health." Like all Holmes's reason
 Foh! prithee stand away. A paper from Fortune's close-stool to give to a nobleman! Look here he comes himself.
y second interview with Mr. Hilton Cubitt he was able to give me two other short sentences and one message, which appeared--sinc
cutio's soul Is but a little way above our heads, Staying for thine to keep him company. Either thou or I, or both, must go with h
en day of victory. Flourish. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT 
nd directed me to come down at once, giving the Langham Hotel as his address. His message, as I remember, was 
herd? PHEBE. So is the bargain. ROSALIND. You say that you'll have Phebe, if she will? SILVIUS. Though to hav
ll out To him or our authorities. For an end, We must suggest the people in what hatred He still hath held them; that to's power he wou
proud with pure and princely beauty! The earth had not a hole to hide this deed. SALISBURY. Murder, as hating what himself hath done, Doth lay it open to urge on revenge. BIGOT. Or, when he d
fle too obvious," said Holmes. "You do not add imagination to your other great qualities; but if you
 troth. I am the worse when one says 'swagger.' Feel, masters, how I shake; look you, I warrant you. DOLL. So you do, hostess. HOSTESS. D
sires Are wolfish, bloody, starv'd and ravenous. SHYLOCK. Till thou canst rail the seal from off my 
lloa me like a hare. MARCIUS. Within these three hours, Tullus, Alone I fought in your Corioli walls, And made 
face." The girl laughed with joy. "Six months!" she cried. "Is it a promise?" "Well, it may be seven or
y about it at all. I am simply applying to ordinary life a few of those precepts of observation and deductio
e his full fortune doth confine; And so, away; no farther with your din Express impatience, lest you stir up mine. Mount, eagle, to my palace crys
ongue's sweet air More tuneable than lark to shepherd's ear, When wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear. Sickness is catching; O, were favour
d, and he looked up with no very pleased expression upon his dour features. "I have heard your name, Mr. Sherlock 
 as in your sitting-room, Mr. Soames." "What could he have wanted there?" "I think it is clear enough. You came back by an unexpected way, and
g? TRANIO. Pardon me, sir, the boldness is mine own That, being a stranger in this city here, Do make myself a suitor to your daug
 mere suspicion in that kind Will do as if for surety. He holds me well, The better shall my purpose work on him. Cassio's a proper man. Let me see now- To get his place, and to plum
night, Full often hath she gossip'd by my side; And sat with me on Neptune's yellow sands, Marking th' embarked traders on the flood; 
ommons whom thou hast misled; And here pronounce free pardon to them all That will forsake thee and go home in peace. CLIFFORD. What say ye, countrymen? Wi
uite a reputation in Birlstone. His wife, too, was popular with those who had made her acquaintance; thou
ittle godliness I have, I did full hard forbear him. But I pray you, sir, Are you fast married? Be assured of 
said Upon his party 'gainst the Duke of Albany? Advise yourself. Edg. I am sure on't, not a word. Edm. I hear my father comin
ould needs speak with you presently. FALSTAFF. She shall not see me; I will ensconce me behind the arras. M
 are Despised in nativity, Shall upon their children be. With this field-dew consecrate, Every fairy take his gait, And each several chamber bless, Through 
ompare. He is not the flower of courtesy, but, I'll warrant him, as gentle as a lamb. Go thy ways, wench; serve God. What, have you din'd at home? Jul. No, no. But all this did I know 
o kill the King at Oxford. DUCHESS. He shall be none; We'll keep him here. Then what is that to him? YORK. Away, fond woman! were he twenty times my son I woul
Never saw I figures So likely to report themselves. The cutter Was as another nature, dumb; outwent her, Motion and bre
ard-hearted man! Love loving not itself, none other can. YORK. Thou frantic woman, what dost thou make here? Shall thy old dugs once more a traitor rear? DUCHE
ch other across his features. Holmes stood before us with the air of a conjurer who is performing a trick. "Would you kindly send one of your constabl
 height, forsooth, she hath prevail'd with him. And are you grown so high in his esteem Because I am so dwarfish and so low? How low am I, thou
re; adieu, good Monsieur Melancholy. Exit JAQUES ROSALIND. [Aside to CELIA] I will speak to him like a saucy lackey, and under th
n turned a shade paler and cast a malignant glance at Holmes. "If your Grace wishes--" "Yes, yes; you had better g
cy. Fare thee well, great heart! Ill-weav'd ambition, how much art thou shrunk! When that this body did contain a spirit, A kingdom for it was to
 suffer hell so to prevail? My breast I'll burst with straining of my courage. And from my shoulders crack my arms as
kiss thy royal finger, and take leave. I am a votary: I have vow'd to Jaquenetta to hold the plough for her sweet love three year. But, 
. "Yes," he continued, after some turning over of pages, "he was paid last on May 20th." "Thank you," said Holmes. "I don't think that I need intrude upon your time and patience any more."
orshipp'd with a waxen epitaph. Enter AMBASSADORS of France Now are we well prepar'd to know the pleasure Of our fair cousin Dauphin; for we hear Your greeting is from h
rts That do contrive how many hands shall strike When fitness calls them on, and know, by measure Of their observant toil, the enemies' weight- Why, this hath not 
s along, I will surely let you know." It was only nine o'clock, and we were off full cry upon the trail at once. First we drove to Brixton Workhoused 
' I asked, after we had cordially shaken hands. "'You probably heard of my poor father's death,' said he; 'he was carried off about two years ago. Since then 
we are to dine at Merripit House next Friday as a sign of it. "I don't say now that he isn't a crazy man,"
iarty. And now, my poor Watson, here we are, stranded and friendless in this inhospitable town, which w
ade's little cock-a-doodle of victory," Holmes answered, with a bitter smile. "And yet it may be premature to abandon the case. After all, important fresh evid
ed by this gentleman; And, on my trust, a man that never yet Did, as he vouches, misreport your Grace. LUCIO. My lord, most villainously; believe it. PETER. Well, he in time may come to clear 
was a gentleman of Normandy. I have seen myself, and serv'd against, the French, And they can well on horseback; but this
 swear he is true-hearted, and a soul None better in my kingdom. Get you gone, And do as I have bid you. Exit CRANMER He has strangled his 
Might he be suffering from some huge self-deception? Was it not possible that his nimble and speculative mind had built up this wild theory upon faul
we are high-proof melancholy, and would fain have it beaten away. Wilt thou use thy wit? Bene. It is in my scabbard. Shall I draw it? Pedro. Dost th
ERO] Was't well done? PROSPERO. [Aside to ARIEL] Bravely, my diligence. Thou shalt be free. ALONSO. This is as strange a maze as e'er m
and lawful ceremonies. It shall advantage more than do us wrong. CASSIUS. I know not what may fall; I like it not. BRUTUS. Mark Antony, here, take 
OLM. My liege, They are not yet come back. But I have spoke With one that saw him die, who did report That 
r own good. CASSIO. I will ask him for my place again; he shall tell me I am a drunkard! Had I as many mouths as Hydra, such an an
ented many. Eros, ho! The shirt of Nessus is upon me; teach me, Alcides, thou mine ancestor, thy rage; Let me lodge Lichas on the horns
 she plies thee thus? BOY. My lord, I know not, I, nor can I guess, Unless some fit or frenzy do possess her; For I have heard my grandsire say full oft Extremity 
ould probably enlarge the two limited titles of our village inns by giving us 'The Dangling Prussian' as a signpost. The Englishman is a patient cr
iculous excess. PEMBROKE. But that your royal pleasure must be done, This act is as an ancient tale new told And, in the last repeating, troublesome, Being ur
ess.- We are oft to blame in this, 'Tis too much prov'd, that with devotion's visage And pious action we do sugar o'er The Devil him
t-weight champion of England. Our father would never tell us what it was he feared, but he had a most mark
ou suspect?" "Oh, I would not venture to say, sir. I don't believe there is any gentleman in this University who is ca
 "Surely," said I, "the man's appearance would go far with any jury?" "That is a dangerous argument, my dear Watson. You remember that terrible murdere
a married man, lived in a small villa about two hundred yards from the stables. He has no children, keeps one maid-servant, and is comfortably off. The country r
ETRUCHIO TRANIO. He hath some meaning in his mad attire. We will persuade him, be it possible, To put on better ere he go to church. BAPTISTA. I'll after him and see the 
e man? This proffer is absurd and reasonless. CHARLES. 'Tis known already that I am possess'd With more than half the Gallian territories, And therein reverenc'd for their lawful king. Shall I, fo
 seal once to a thing, and I was never mine own man since. How now! Who's there? Enter some, bringing in the CLERK OF CHATHAM SMI
ake In those foundations which I build upon, The centre is not big enough to bear A school-boy's top. Away with her to prison. He who shall speak for 
e have both shown extraordinary patience towards him," I answered. "'"Oh, you do, do you?" he snarls. "Very good, mate. We'll see about that
eep Into the purse of rich prosperity As Lewis himself. So, nobles, shall you all, That knit your sinews 
fences being many, I would repent out the remainder of nature. Let me live, sir, in a dungeon, i' th' stocks, or anywhere, so I may li
at I shall say good night till it be morrow. [Exit.] Rom. Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast! W
 stair. "This unexpected occurrence," he said, "has caused us rather to lose sight of the original purpose of our journey." "I have just been t
slodg'd, and Marcius gone. A merrier day did never yet greet Rome, No, not th' expulsion of the Tarquins. SICINIUS. Friend, Art thou certain this is true? Is't most ce
ied ones, If each of you should take this course, how many Must murder wives much better than themselves Fo
 a standstill. "Only one little gleam of hope did I get--and yet it amounted to nothing. I examined the co
ever talk on't; She hath been colted by him. IACHIMO. If you seek For further satisfying, under her breast- Worthy the pressing- lies a m
 war. OXFORD. Every man's conscience is a thousand men, To fight against this guilty homicide. HERBERT. I doubt not but his friends will turn to us. BLUNT. He hat
 But while 'tis spoke each turn away her face. BOYET. Why, that contempt will kill the speaker's heart, And quite divorce his memo
 chart, and I pinned it on his bosom. It was too much that he should be taken to the grave without some token from
no words but mum: The business asketh silent secrecy. Dame Eleanor gives gold to bring the witch: Gold cannot come amiss were she a devil. Yet
 pay; By means whereof his Highness hath lost France. GLOUCESTER. Is it but thought so? What are they that th
stion. At this point, where my pipe is now resting, a country constable was on duty from twelve to six. It is, as you perceive, the first cross road on t
oonlight. Sir George Burnwell tried to get away, but Arthur caught him, and there was a struggle between them, your lad tugging at one side of the coro
 Upon a parchment, and against this fire Do I shrink up. PRINCE HENRY. How fares your Majesty? KING JOHN. Poison'd-ill-fare! Dead, forsook, cast off; And none of you will bid the winter come To th
ere came a gentle flow of soothing explanation from the butler. "Well, I won't see him, Staples. I can't have my work inte
 by my sword. Ghost. [beneath] Swear. Ham. Hic et ubique? Then we'll shift our ground. Come hither, gentlemen, And lay your hands again upon 
ace between her forks presageth snow, That minces virtue, and does shake the head To hear of pleasure's name. The fit
t it be confiscate all, so soon As I have receiv'd it. CYMBELINE. Nursing of my sons? BELARIUS. I am too blunt and saucy: here's my knee. Ere I arise I 
ur mothers' spirits; Our yoke and sufferance show us womanish. CASCA. Indeed they say the senators tomorrow Mean to establish Caesar as a king, And he 
 Th' ambassador, LUCIUS the Roman, comes to Milford Haven To-morrow. Now, if you could wear a mind Dark as your fortune i
; a third cannot be match'd, unless the devil himself turn Jew. Exeunt SOLANIO, SALERIO, and MAN SHYLOCK. How now, Tubal, what news from Genoa? Hast thou found my daughter? TUBA
by surprise, but before I had time to answer, Baskerville seized me by the hand and wrung it heartily.
y burst into the room with an explosive energy which told of some new and momentous development. "It's a police 
cept so much were done, For things are often spoke and seldom meant; But that my heart accordeth with my tongue, Seeing the deed is meritorious, And to preserve my sover
 "And you, Mr. White Mason?" The country detective looked helplessly from one to the other. Holmes and his methods were new to him. "Well, if it is good en
at England Were busied with a Whitsun morris-dance; For, my good liege, she is so idly king'd, Her sceptre so fantastically bo
d as forfeit to a confined doom. The mortal moon hath her eclipse endured, And the sad augurs mock their own presage, Incertainties now crown themselves 
 or slightly handled in discourse. And when mine oratory drew toward end I bid them that did love their country's good Cry 'God save Richard, England's
r over in the minute and yet abstracted fashion which was peculiar to him. "Do you not find," he said, "that with your 
nt motion! O exceeding puppet! Now will he interpret to her. VALENTINE. Madam and mistress, a thousand good morrows. SPEED. [Aside] O, give ye go
trides, towards his design Moves like a ghost. Thou sure and firm-set earth, Hear not my steps, which way they walk, for fear Thy very 
olution to keep Helen still; For 'tis a cause that hath no mean dependence Upon our joint and several dignities. TROILUS. Why, there you touch'd the life of our
PERO. [Aside] Fair encounter Of two most rare affections! Heavens rain grace On that which breeds between 'em! FERDINAND. Wherefore weep you? MIRANDA. At mine unworthiness, tha
near: I had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth Than it should do offense to Michael Cassio; Yet, I persuade myself, to speak the
eftly show! Thunder. First Apparition: an armed Head. MACBETH. Tell me, thou unknown power- FIRST WITCH. He knows th
 and so we should; Where now remains a sweet reversion. We may boldly spend upon the hope of what Is to come in. A comfort of retirement lives in this. Hot. A rendezvous, a h
 her picture, Affront his eye. CLEOMENES. Good madam- PAULINA. I have done. Yet, if my lord will marry- if you w
him right. WILLOUGHBY. Base men by his endowments are made great. YORK. My lords of England, let me tell you this: I have had feeling of my cousin's wrongs, And labour'd all
n Is this, in way of truth. Yet, ne'er the less, My spritely brethren, I propend to you In resolution to keep H
ats, Shall be the war that Henry means to use. Thou factious Duke of York, descend my throne And kneel for grace and mercy at my feet; I am thy sove
 reputed In dignity, and for the liberal arts Without a parallel, those being all my study- The government I cast upon my bro
s princely exercises than formerly he hath appeared. POLIXENES. I have considered so much, Camillo, and with some care, so f
he police-station," he remarked to Sherlock Holmes. "My cab's at the door. If you'll loose my legs I'll 
tch! A scaly gauntlet now with joints of steel Must glove this hand; and hence, thou sickly coif! Thou art a guard 
to be found save a crippled wretch of hideous aspect, who, it seems, made his home there. Both he and the Lascar stoutly s
re a god, to shoot forth thunder Upon these paltry, servile, abject drudges! Small things make base men proud: this villain here, Being 
, and take this drab away. WIFE. Alas, sir, we did it for pure need! GLOUCESTER. Let them be whipp'd through every market town till 
l My hazards still have been your solace; and Believe't not lightly- though I go alone, Like to a lonely dragon, 
, gentles? ALL. Have with you to see this monster. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., A
he walls and hung like a black canopy above him. Barrymore had returned from taking our luggage to our
posterous company. Do you not see how very suggestive that is?" "I am afraid I miss the point." "Well, why did they want him to do it? Not as a business matter, for these a
egards the mud-stains from any region within fifty miles of town, chemistry eccentric, anatomy unsystematic, sensational lite
er legal rights. 3. INDEMNITY: You will indemnify and hold the Project, its directors, officers, memb
n doth the fowl, is yet a devil; His filth within being cast, he would appear A pond as deep as hell. CLAUD
ll see he shall lack no barnes. Marg. O illegitimate construction! I scorn that with my heels. Beat. 'Tis almost five o'clock, cousin; 'tis time you were ready. By my troth,
tigation really was a very simple one," remarked Holmes, "but I don't think it struck him in that light when he first called us in. However, let us see what Jim Browner has to say for himse
ng know Where we shall find him most conveniently. Exeunt. Scene II. Elsinore. A room of state in the Castle. Flourish. [Enter Claudius, King of Denmark, G
to my mind that we were dealing with a real hound, as no other supposition could explain this anxiety to obtain an old boot an
 thy part To praise him more than ever man did merit. My talk to thee must be how Benedick Is sick in love wit
y gracious lord. QUEEN MARGARET. What, dost thou scorn me for my gentle counsel, And soothe the devil that I warn thee from? O, but remember this another
n it now, for I shall be surprised if we do not hear something further from Brook Street in the morning." Sherlock Holmes's prophecy was soon fulfilled, and in a dra
 by so much We must awake endeavour for defence, For courage mounteth with occasion. Let them be welcome then; we are prepar
 follow this fair corse unto her grave. The heavens do low'r upon you for some ill; Move them no more by crossing their high will. Exeunt. Manent Musicians [and Nurse]. 1. Mus. 
 Why should a man whose blood is warm within Sit like his grandsire cut in alabaster, Sleep when he wakes, and creep into the jaundice By being peevish? I tell t
nding in the street, with her eyes fixed full upon me. I gave a cry of surprise, threw up my arms to cover my face
? In whose confine immured is the store, Which should example where your equal grew. Lean penury within that pen doth dwell, That to his subject lends not some
neighbourhood, and lived very much as his employer did. The two women had nothing to take them from the house. Mortimer 
s? Doth his Majesty Incline to it, or no? CANTERBURY. He seems indifferent Or rather swaying more upon our part Than cherishing th' exhibiters against 
 be I will go with you; but yet I'll pause, For I am loath to break our country's laws. Nor friends nor foes,
offence is let the great axe fall. I pray you go with me. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPY
sheet upon which I had scrawled the enigmatic message. "Douglas!" he stammered. "Birlstone! What's this, Mr. Holmes? Man, it's witchcraft! Wher
e pitiful, dread lord, and grant it, then. KING EDWARD. Lords, give us leave; I'll try this widow's wit. GLOUCESTER. [Aside]
OMINIUS. Breathe you, my friends. Well fought; we are come off Like Romans, neither foolish in our stands Nor cowardly in r
e much upon To stop all hopes whose growth may damage me. Exit CATESBY I must be married to my brother's daughter, Or else my kingdom stands on brittle glass. 
y. Read it!" He tossed a crumpled letter across to me. It was dated from Montague Place upon the preceding evening, and ran thus: 
most dear Queen. CHARMIAN. Do? Why, what else? CLEOPATRA. Let me sit down. O Juno! ANTONY. No, no, n
l heir. Now hath my soul brought forth her prodigy; And I, a gasping new-deliver'd mother, Have woe to woe, so
th it slept? Where is my mother's care, That such an army could be drawn in France, And she not hear of it? MESSENGER. My liege, her ear Is stopp'd with dust: the first of April
ecomes, So does it no man else. Met'st thou my posts? ALEXAS. Ay, madam, twenty several messengers. Why do you send so thick? CLEOPATRA. Who's born that day When I forget
in my devices. SATURNINUS. Then go successantly, and plead to him. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILL
lo! within a ken our army lies- Upon mine honour, all too confident To give admittance to a thought of fear. Our battle is more full of names than yours, 
 castle. Enter a Doctor of Physic and a Waiting Gentlewoman. DOCTOR. I have two nights watched with you, but can perceive no truth in your report. When was it s
SCENE III. A street near the Capitol. Enter Artemidorus, reading paper. ARTEMIDORUS. "Caesar, beware of Brutus; take heed of Cassi
ove; But since that thou canst talk of love so well, Thy company, which erst was irksome to me, I will endure; and I'll employ the
ing remains but that I kindle the boy thither, which now I'll go about. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LI
of injuries. LORD BARDOLPH. The question then, Lord Hastings, standeth thus: Whether our present five and twenty thousand May hold up head without Northumberland
ST WITCH. Come, let's make haste; she'll soon be back again. Exeunt. SCENE VI. Forres. The palace. Enter Lennox and another Lord. 
 reading? ULYSSES. A strange fellow here Writes me that man-how dearly ever parted, How much in having, or without or 
h me; thy sight is young, And thou shalt read when mine begin to dazzle. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., A
er room in the castle. Enter Othello, Lodovico, Desdemona, Emilia, and Attendants. LODOVICO. I do beseech you, sir, trouble yourse
ide, Admir'd Octavia. Great Mark Antony Is now a widower. CAESAR. Say not so, Agrippa. If Cleopatra heard you, your reproof Were well deserv'd of rashn
a thousand parts divide one man, And make imaginary puissance; Think, when we talk of horses, that you see them Printing their proud hoofs i' th' receiving earth; 
se notes Of what commands I should be subject to, When't pleas'd you to employ me. QUEEN. This hath been Your faithful servant. I dare lay mine honour He will remain so. PISANIO. I humbly t
then, Nor thrust your head into the public street To gaze on Christian fools with varnish'd faces; But stop my house's ears- I mean my casement
, so it is evident that he has done a great amount of walking with it." "Perfectly sound!" said Holmes. "And then again, there
arewell, ambitious Richard. Exit PLANTAGENET. How I am brav'd, and must perforce endure it! WARWICK. This blot that they object against your house Shall be wip'd
he herald cry, And I'll appear again. Alb. Why, fare thee well. I will o'erlook thy paper. Exit [Edgar]. Enter Edmund. Edm. The
oubt but to hear them say it is a sweet comedy. No more words. Away, go, away! Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLI
yet to charge thy sulphur with a bolt That should but rive an oak. Why dost not speak? Think'st thou it honourable for a noble man Sti
ill-erected tower, To whose flint bosom my condemned lord Is doom'd a prisoner by proud Bolingbroke. Here let us rest, if this rebellious earth Have any res
e Abbey Grange were much surprised at our return, but Sherlock Holmes, finding that Stanley Hopkins had gone off to report to head-quarters, took poss
s applaud! TITUS. Kind Rome, that hast thus lovingly reserv'd The cordial of mine age to glad my heart! Lavinia, live; outlive thy father's days, And fame's eternal date, for virtue's praise! Ent
ing] O Helen, goddess, nymph, perfect, divine! To what, my love, shall I compare thine eyne? Crystal is muddy. O, how ripe in show Thy lips, those kissing cherries, 
ce be with him! Henry the Seventh succeeding, truly pitying My father's loss, like a most royal prince, Restor'd me to my honours, and out of ruins Made my name o
as Fontibell. DIANA. No, my good lord, Diana. BERTRAM. Titled goddess; And worth it, with addition! But, fair soul, In your fine frame hath love no quality? If the quick fire of youth li
caught up- Who this had seen, with tongue in venom steep'd 'Gainst Fortune's state would treason have pronounc'd. But if the gods them
s dost sleep; And I will purge thy mortal grossness so That thou shalt like an airy spirit go. Peaseblossom! Cobweb! Moth! and Mustardseed! Enter PEASEBLOSSOM, COBWEB, MOTH, and
 jocosely. "I can tell my own secrets," he said, "but I don't get other people into trouble. I saw your advertisement, and I thought it might 
e let my brother die, If not a fedary but only he Owe and succeed thy weakness. ANGELO. Nay, women are frail too. ISABELLA. Ay, as the glasses where they v
'll tell you, Cardinal, I should judge now unhappily. WOLSEY. I am glad Your Grace is grown so pleasant. KING. My Lord Chamberlain, Prithee come hither: what fair lady's that? CHAMBERLAIN. An'
posted, as the agent of our Cardinal, To second all his plot. I do assure you The King cried 'Ha!' at this. CHAMBERLAIN. Now, God incense him, And let him cry 
l deserve your pains. Exeunt. SCENE II. Another street. Enter Othello, Iago, and Attendants with torches. IAGO. Though in the trade of war I have slain men, Yet do I hold it very st
 And did you see the handkerchief? OTHELLO. Was that mine? IAGO. Yours, by this hand. And to see how he prizes the foolish woman your wife! She gave it h
 and at my birth The frame and huge foundation of the earth Shak'd like a coward. Hot. Why, so it would have done at the same season, if your mother's cat had but kitten'd, th
 and paper And hire posthorses. I will hence to-night. Man. I do beseech you, sir, have patience. Your looks are pale and wild
 and therewithal Came to this vault to die, and lie with Juliet. Where be these enemies? Capulet, Montage, See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, That
 and took her away. Ames had arrived, and we ran back into the room once more." "But surely I have heard that the drawbridge is kept up all night." "Yes, it was up until I lowered i
 and were shown to be quite solid all round, and the flooring was also thoroughly examined, with the same result. The chimney is wide, but is barred up by four large staples. It is cert
 are his assailants. Their names are Biddle, Hayward, and Moffat." "The Worthingdon bank gang," cried the inspector. "Precisely," said Holmes. "Then Blessin
 but to lose your eyes. ARTHUR. O heaven, that there were but a mote in yours, A grain, a dust, a gnat, a wandering hair, Any an
 come, anon.- But if thou meanest not well, I do beseech thee- Nurse. (within) Madam! Jul. By-and-by I come.- To cease thy suit and leave me to my gr
 fair. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Nay, never paint me now; Where fair is not, praise cannot mend the brow. Here, good my glass, take this for telling true: [ Giving him money] Fair payment f
 for Cadwallader and all his goats. FLUELLEN. There is one goat for you. [Strikes him] Will you be so good, scald knave, as eat it? PISTOL. Base Troyan, thou shalt die. 
 for you: I would have had them writ more movingly. VALENTINE. Please you, I'll write your ladyship another. SILVIA. And when it's writ, for my sake read it over; And if it p
 has come out of evil, however, for the barmaid, finding from the papers that he is in serious trouble and likely to be hanged, has 
 her baby; an unmarried one reaches for her jewel-box. Now it was clear to me that our lady of to-day had nothi
 her between eight and nine; I must carry her word quickly. She'll make you amends, I warrant you. FALSTAFF. Well, I Will visit her. Tell her so; and bid her think
 her father never approaches her heart but the tyranny of her sorrows takes all livelihood from her cheek. No mor
 her joy her raven-coloured love; This valley fits the purpose passing well. BASSIANUS. The King my brot
 him a great way fool, solely a coward; Yet these fix'd evils sit so fit in him That they take place when virtue's steely bones Looks bleak i' th' cold wind; wi
 him well, for he was very flush of money, chucking shillings about to the men. I followed him some distance, but he subsid
 his forearm. He nearly fainted at the sudden shock of it; but he bit his lip and clenched his hands to hide his agony. "I can take more than that," said he. This time there was loud applause. A
 his grief had been, and he hugged his recovered gems to his bosom. "There is one other thing you owe, Mr. Holder," said Sherlock Holmes rather sternly. "Owe!" 
 his hand against his knee with an impatient gesture. "If I had only been there!" he cried. "It is evidently a case of extraordinary interest, and one which presented immense opp
 his lute made trees, And the mountain tops that freeze, Bow themselves when he did sing; To his music plants and flo
 his temple did he at last understand that resistance was vain. We lashed his ankles with cord and rose breathless from the struggle. "I must rea
 his wits Are drown'd and lost in his calamities. I have but little gold of late, brave Timon, The want whereof doth daily 
 ignorance; in which thou art more puzzled than the Egyptians in their fog. MALVOLIO. I say this house is as dark as igno
 in twelve there were not half a dozen men in the whole of Salt Lake City who could compare with him. From the great inland sea to the d
 is an armed camp. There is a double league which makes a fair balance of military power. Great Britain holds the sc
 look, he smiles, and Caesar doth not change. CASSIUS. Trebonius knows his time, for, look you, Brutus,
 rest that woo, And free access and favour as the rest. And toward the education of your daughters I h
 she and I be pleas'd, what's that to you? 'Tis bargain'd 'twixt us twain, being alone, That she shal
 she cried, "well?" And then, seeing that there were two of us, she gave a cry of hope which sank into a groan as she saw t
 she grew queerer and more irritable, and we had ceaseless rows about nothing. I was fairly puzzled by it all. Sarah avoided me now, but she and Mary were 
 that kingdom and enfranchise that; Perform't, or else we damn thee.' ANTONY. How, my love? CLEOPATRA. Perchance? Nay, a
 the Greek interpreter who had parted from us only a few hours before at the Diogenes Club. His hands and feet were securely strapped together, a
 the avenue gate, and of the inhabited wing of Stoke Moran Manor House. At dusk we saw Dr. Grimesby Roylott drive past, his huge form looming up beside the l
 the bladed grass, A time that lovers' flights doth still conceal, Through Athens' gates have we devis'd to steal. HERMIA. And in the wood where often you and I Up
 the body could we find. On the other hand, we brought to the surface an object of a most unexpected kind. It was a linen bag which contained withi
 the bottle of Imperial Tokay. The thickset chauffeur, who had seated himself by the table, pushed forward his glass with some eagerness. "It is a good wine, Holmes." "
 the case of Lucy Ferrier the occasion was serious enough in itself, apart from its future influence on her destiny and that of many be
 the county of Sussex. For centuries it had remained unchanged; but within the last few years its picturesque appearance and situation 
 the credit of being the first of us to find this out, and, as you say, it bears every mark of having been written by the other participant in last night's my
 the cunning of her passion Invites me in this churlish messenger. None of my lord's ring! Why, he sent her none. I am the man. If it be so- as 't
 the dead of the night in order to strengthen the evidence against himself," said Lestrade. "I leave it t
 the dreadful, shimmering head, but it was useless to press the trigger. The giant hound was dead. Sir Henry lay insensible where he had fallen. We tore away his collar, and
 the driver." "Whatever your reasons may be, you are perfectly correct," said she. "I started from home before six, reached Leatherhead at twenty past, and came in by the first train to W
 the facts--" "My dear Mycroft, I should be delighted." The brother scribbled a note upon a leaf of his pocket-book, and, ringing the bell, he handed it to the waiter. "I have asked Mr. Melas to ste
 the farthest east of the City. Hitherto his orgies had always been confined to one day, and he had come back, twitching 
 the gentlemen from Scotland Yard, but he simply laughs at me. I have not an enemy in the world, as far as I know, so why should anyone play me such a trick?" "I am coming to be of the same opinion
 the horror-stricken butler followed at their heels, closing the door behind him to shut out the terrible scene fro
 the hour that you took in such a stormy petrel as I am." "On the contrary," answered the Colonel, warmly, "I consider it the greatest privilege to have been permitted to study your methods o
 the huge, heavily gilt mirrors upon every wall reflected and multiplied the garish illumination. There were several bartenders in their shir
 the left. Holmes advanced along it in the same slow and methodical way, while we kept close at his heels, with our long black shadows streaming backw
 the middle. I think that we are now sufficiently imposing to strike terror into a guilty breast. Kindly ring the bell!" Bannister entered, and shrunk back in e
 the month. 'You shall not have a farthing from me,' I cried, on which he bowed and left the room without another word. "When he was gone I unlocked my bureau, made sur
 the morning Desire the Earl to see me in my tent. Yet one thing more, good Captain, do for me- Where is Lord Stanley quarter'd, do you know? BLUNT. Unless I have mista'en his colours m
 the morning papers all the way down, but after we had passed the Hampshire border he threw them down and began to admire the scenery. It was an ideal spring day, a light blue sky, flecke
 the most inhibited sin in the canon. Keep it not; you cannot choose but lose by't. Out with't. Within ten year it will m
 the pay munificent.' "'Precisely so. We shall want you to come to-night by the last train.' "'Where t
 the reason why he would not speak about it to the coroner was because I was concerned in it." "In what way?" asked Holmes. "It is no time for me to hide anything. James an
 the required check. Holmes walked over to his desk, took out a little triangular piece of gold with three gems in it, and threw it down upon the ta
 the ribs bare. But, sirrah, make haste. Percy 's already in the field. Exit. Fal. What, is the King encamp
 the risk of the loss of his place.' "'It is rather an absurd business, this ritual of ours,' he ans
 the unfortunate pony, the weird sound which had been associated with the grim legend of the Baskervilles, all these things tinged my
 the village street and found, as we had expected, that the inspector was just leaving his lodgings. "Yo
 was sawn. 'Small show of man was yet upon his chin; His phoenix down began but to appear, Like unshorn velvet, on that termless skin, Whose bare out-bragged the web it seemed 
 was shining very brightly, and yet there was an exhilarating nip in the air, which set an edge to a man's energy. All over the countryside, away to the rolling hills 
 was useless, however. He was off in one of those hysterical outbursts which come upon a strong nature when some great 
 who may have taken him away, but also those who conspire to keep him in his present position?" "Yes, y
 you come." "It's a good plan," said McGinty. "The lodge will owe you a debt for this. I guess when I move out of the chair I can put a name to the man that's c
CELLE, CHARLES, BASTARD, ALENCON, and REIGNIER, on the walls PUCELLE. Good morrow, gallants! Want ye corn for bread? I think the Duke of Burgundy will fast
ER. I am glad y'are well. POET. I have not seen you long; how goes the world? PAINTER. It wears, sir, as it grows. PO
I'll lend you something. My having is not much; I'll make division of my present with you; Hold, there's half my coffer. ANTONIO. Will you deny me now? Is't possible that my de
I'll repent, And wish for all that, that I had not kill'd them. And twenty of these puny lies I'll tell,
Romeo. But when I came, some minute ere the time Of her awaking, here untimely lay The noble Paris and true Romeo dead. She wakes; and I entreated her come forth And bear this work of heave
UEEN ELIZABETH. Thus have you breath'd your curse against yourself. QUEEN MARGARET. Poor painted queen, vain flourish of my fortune! Why strew'st thou sugar on tha
When didst thou sleep when such a deed was done? QUEEN MARGARET. When holy Harry died, and my sweet son. DUCHESS. Dead life, blind sig
Your troops of horsemen with his bands of foot; And like true subjects, sons of your progenitors, Go cheerfully together and digest Your angry 
d for Miss Morrison, a young lady who lives in the next villa, and the two went off together to their meeting. It lasted for
dinal Campeius is arriv'd and lately; As all think, for this business. FIRST GENTLEMAN. 'Tis the Cardinal; And merely to revenge him on the Empe
does it?" "No, it does not." "Well, then, everyone is agreed that after the alarm was given only a minute at the most had passed befo
e you to the crutch. [GLOUCESTER and CLARENCE withdraw] KING EDWARD. Now tell me, madam, do you love your children? LADY GREY. Ay, f
ed, 'did your butler ever ask you such a question?' "Reginald Musgrave looked at me in astonishment. 'Now that you call it to my mind,' he answered, 'Brunton did ask me about
enius, my dear Von Bork--genius!" "You flatter me, Baron. But certainly I may claim my four years in this country have not been unproductive. I've never shown you my little store. Would you 
from both Colonel Ross, the owner of the horse, and from Inspector Gregory, who is looking after the case, inviting 
have already looked into the matter, and have come, as I think, within sight of my solution. If you could a
have confounded one the other or have fall'n both. IACHIMO. Can we, with manners, ask what was the difference? FRENCHMAN. Sa
he position from which we start." I lay back against the cushions, puffing at my cigar, while Holmes, leaning forward, with his long, thin forefinger checking off the points upon 
he's my wife!" "No, she's your widow." His revolver cracked, and I saw the blood spurt from the front of W
heir ships Fraught with the ministers and instruments Of cruel war. Sixty and nine that wore Their crow
him. JULIA. Now, as thou lov'st me, do him not that wrong To bear a hard opinion of his truth; Only deserve my love by loving him. And p
his hand over his heart and bowed as if to some applauding crowd conjured up by his imagination. "You are to be congratulated," I remarked, considerably surprised at his enthusiasm. "There was the ca
his man tallies with your idea of the second party in this mystery. But why should he come back to the house after leaving it? That is not the way of criminals." "The ring, man
hope he is not shipp'd? GREEN. That he, our hope, might have retir'd his power And driven into despair an enemy's hope Who strongly hath set footing in this land. The banish'd Bolingbroke repeals him
ight we'll wander through the streets and note The qualities of people. Come, my queen; Last night you did desire it. Speak not to us.
in thine, it is in these. Andronicus, stain not thy tomb with blood. Wilt thou draw near the nature of the
is go? Are you so gospel'd, To pray for this good man and for his issue, Whose heavy hand hath bow'd you to the
more heavily over his eyes, and his smoke had curled up more thickly from his pipe to emphasize each curious episode in the doctor's tale. As our visitor concluded, Holmes sprang up without a 
other man, a plague on my bringing up! I hope I shall as soon be strangled with a halter as another. Prince. Go hide thee behind the arras. The rest walk, up above. Now, my masters
se the gods, And make triumphant fires; strew flowers before them. Unshout the noise that banish'd Marcius, Repeal hi
self I boldly will defend, And interchangeably hurl down my gage Upon this overweening traitor's foot To prove myself a loyal gentleman Even in the best blood chamber'd in his bosom. 
stand-under and under-stand is all one. SPEED. But tell me true, will't be a match? LAUNCE. Ask my dog. If h
ster should the cloister enter, And there receive her approbation; Acquaint her with the danger of my state; Implore her, in my voice, that she make friends To the strict deputy; bid herself assa
swearing That they did give the rings away to men; But we'll outface them, and outswear them too. [Alou
sword we wip'd away the blot; Therefore, when merchant-like I sell revenge, Broke be my sword, my arms torn and defac'd, And I procla
that Dr. Ferrier, who lives near me, was going down by that very train. The doctor most kindly took charge of me, and it was well he did so, for I had a fit in the 
that Lord St. Simon has not already arrived. Ha! I fancy that I hear his step now upon the stairs." It was indeed our visitor of the afternoon who came bustl
that Richard Duke of York Was rightful heir unto the English crown, And that your Majesty was an usurper. KING H
that no ban is so heavy but that by prayer and repentance it may be removed. Learn then from this story not to fear the fruits of the past, b
that the description tallied in every respect with that of their employee, James Windibank. Voilà tout!" "And Miss Sutherland?" "If I tell her she will not believe me. You may rem
the clinking of Pewter. But, Francis, darest thou be so valiant as to play the coward with thy indenture and show it a fair pair of heels and run from it? Fran. O Lord, sir
the sinister door and wondering what secret it might veil, I suddenly heard the sound of steps within the room and saw a s
thee be worship! and thy saints for aye Be crown'd with plagues, that thee alone obey! Fit I meet them. [Advancing from his cave] POET. Hail, worthy Timon! PAINTER. Our late n
this a little, it would bow to me, for every one of these letters are in my name. Soft! here follows prose. [Reads] 'If this fall into thy hand, revol
this vial, being then in bed, And this distilled liquor drink thou off; When presently through all thy veins shall run A cold and drowsy humour; for no pulse Shall keep his nat
tled and bustled by meeting this other fellow. He hardly knew what he was doing." "Well, that's likely enough. But I wish to call your at
upon ceremony. His life depended upon my promptness. Before the apologetic butler had delivered his message I had pushed past him and was in th
with lilies boast, And with the half-blown rose; but Fortune, O! She is corrupted, chang'd, and won from thee; Sh' adulterat
your great command. You are to know That prosperously I have attempted, and With bloody passage led your wars even to The gates of Rome. Our s
your pow'rs? Show now your mended faiths, And instantly return with me again To push destruction and perpetual shame Out of the weak door of our fainting land. Straigh
l all be very well provided for; But all are banish'd till their conversations Appear more wise and modest to the world. CHIEF JUSTI
h all deserts, all kind of natures That labour on the bosom of this sphere To propagate their states. Amongst them all Whose eyes a
, and I saw his curved back and white side-whiskers disappear among the throng. My observations of No. 42
o and fro, most of them muffled in their coats and cravats. Once or twice it seemed to me that I had seen the same figure before, and I
s and poor discontents, Which gape and rub the elbow at the news Of hurlyburly innovation. And never yet did insurrection want Such water colours to impaint his cause, Nor mo
w and smell the edge of the wood-work? I shall stay here, as I have this handkerchief in my hand." I did as he directed, and was instantly conscious of a strong tarry
d he did! and so, perhaps, he doth. 'Tis but his policy to counterfeit, Because he would avoid such 
n her pavilion, cloth-of-gold, of tissue, O'erpicturing that Venus where we see The fancy out-work nature. On each side her Stood pretty dimpled boys, like smil
h her to England when they first left Australia eighteen months ago. Theresa Wright is her name, and the ki
o his crimes. My nerves, which were steady enough on the field of battle tingled as I thought of it. "The man was seen," continued Lestrade. "A milk boy, passing on his way to the dairy, happened 
r his initiation into the lodge. His head ached with the effect of the drink, and his arm, where he had been branded, was hot and swollen. Having his own peculiar source of income, he was irregular
y his own hand upon his enemies. His strong will and untiring energy should, he determined, be devoted
f his two sons. Mad with hate, however, against the dead man, he enters the room that night, searches his private papers in the hope of discovering some memor
h not you; and therefore light. KATHARINE. You weigh me not? O, that's you care not for me. ROSALINE. Great reason; for 'past cure is still pa
d rich enough; But riches fineless is as poor as winter To him that ever fears he shall be poor. Good heaven, the souls of all my tribe defend Fr
e see The very persons of our noble story As they were living; think you see them great, And follow'd with the general throng and sweat Of thousand fr
f servants, and not worthy to touch Fortune's fingers. Farewell. She that would alter services with thee, THE FORTUNATE-UNHAPPY.' Daylight
s she did not like the neighbourhood in which she found herself. While she was walking in this way down Swandam Lane, she suddenly heard an ejaculation or cry, and was struck col
n the Bruce Pinkerton prize and medal by the monograph on nervous lesions to which your friend has just alluded. I should not go too far if I were to say that there w
, the Fates with traitors do contrive. Exit. SCENE IV. Another part of the same street, before the house of Brutus. Enter Portia and Lucius. PORTIA. I prithee, bo
, the brick had changed to granite, and red cows grazed in well-hedged fields where the lush grasses and more luxuriant vegetation spoke of a richer, if a damp
d the cold night wind beat in upon our faces. Far away in the black distance there still glowed that one tiny point of yellow light. "I wonder he
f the devil have him not in fee-simple, with fine and recovery, he will never, I think, in the way of waste, attempt us a
m the dead man's lap, and throwing the noose round the reptile's neck he drew it from its horrid perch and, carrying it at a
n the evening, And no man see me more. Re-enter to WOLSEY the DUKES OF NORFOLK and SUFFOLK, the EARL OF SURREY, and the LORD CHAMB
t the establishment was a bachelor one, and that he would be allowed the fullest freedom, he fell in with my plans and a week after our return from Lyons we were under the Colonel's roof. Hayter was 
n the field Frozen almost to death, how he did lap me Even in his garments, and did give himself, All thin and naked, to the numb col
m the gloss with which the light shone upon her dark dress I knew that it was a rich material. She spoke a few words in a foreign
o the guests within. [Exit Francis.] My lord, old Sir John, with half-a-dozen more, are at the door. Shall I let 
; the kitchen malkin pins Her richest lockram 'bout her reechy neck, Clamb'ring the walls to eye him; stalls, bulks, windows, Are smother'd up, leads fill'd and ridges hors'd With variable comp
o the pit; then exeunt DEMETRIUS and CHIRON, dragging off LAVINIA TAMORA. Farewell, my sons; see that you make her sure. Ne'er let my heart know merry cheer indeed Till all the Andron
m the road, but the surroundings all spoke of gloom and decay. The heath was covered with golden patches of flowering gorse, glea
o the sea, Or brought a fagot to bright-burning Troy? My grief was at the height before thou cam'st, And now like Nilus it disdaineth bo
o the sink and held forward his candle. The limbs and body of some large, white bird, torn savagely to pieces with the feat
s the spot where the legend of the wicked Hugo is supposed to have had its origin. It was an excursion of some miles a
s the success? EROS. Caesar, having made use of him in the wars 'gainst Pompey, presently denied him rivality, would not let
y thee, I can assure thee that. 'A will not out, 'a; 'tis true bred. BARDOLPH. And I'll stick by him, sir. SHALLOW. Why, there spoke a king. Lack nothing; be
n thy preparation, for thy assailant is quick, skilful, and deadly. VIOLA. You mistake, sir; I am sure no man hath any quarrel to me; my remembrance is very free and clear from any image of offence 
s were brought together by that single advertisement. Every shade of colour they were--straw, lemon, orange, brick, Irish-setter, liver, clay;
r you a clerkship in my store." "And I refuse it. That's our business. Well, so long, Brother Morris, and may you find things go better with you in the future." That same afternoon, as McMurdo sat 
, you gave good words the other day of a bay courser I rode on. 'Tis yours because you lik'd it. THIRD LORD. O, I beseech you pardon me, my lord, in that. TIMON. You may
n you should, Lest you mistake. The heavens are over our heads. BOLINGBROKE. I know it, uncle; and oppose not myself Against their will. But who comes here? Enter PERCY Welcome, Harry. What
f you two did dine with me to-day? ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. I, gentle mistress. ADRIANA. And are not you my husba
t you will have no difficulty in recognizing him, and her also, if you know her by sight. Here are three written descriptions by trustworthy witn
r, the length of the first one must have been really intolerable." "Column!" I cried. "Brilliant, Watson. You are scintillating this morning. If it is not column, then I am very much de
e. In spite of his obtrusive baldness, he gave the impression of youth. In point of fact he had just turned his thirtieth year. "Your servant, Miss Morstan," he kept re
hat through my uncle's influence I obtained a good appointment at the Foreign Office, and that I was in a
le to utilise all the facts which have come to his knowledge; and this in itself implies, as you will readil
ne word to understand. LUCIANA. Fie, brother, how the world is chang'd with you! When were you wont to use my sister 
that the paper is gone." "What time did you dine?" "Half-past seven." "How long was it before you went to bed?" "My wife had
might have well becom'd the best of men To taunt at slackness. Canidius, we Will fight with him by sea. CLEOPATRA. By sea! What else? CANIDIUS. Why will my lord do so? ANTONY. 
on of an occasional ten-pound note sent to him by devious methods, he has once or twice given me advance information which has been of value-
en you upset my books, for I was in danger at the time, and any show of surprise and emotion upon your part mig
anced before we were able to snatch a hasty luncheon at a restaurant. A news-bill at the entrance announced "Kensington Outrage. Murder by a Madman," and the contents
Lord. It is, my lord. Claud. [reads from a scroll] Epitaph. Done to death by slanderous tongues Was the Hero that here lies. Death, in guerdon
would be to me. 'Not at all,' said I, 'I shall be very happy to accommodate myself to your wishes. I should like, 
would break any image of him that he could see." Holmes sank back in his chair. "That's no business of mine," said he. "Ex
hould fear those that dance before me now Would one day stamp upon me. 'T has been done: Men shut their doors a
-point I proceeded to step, having first taken the cardinal points by my pocket-compass. Ten steps with each foot took me along para
or thee. Chatillon, speak. CHATILLON. Then turn your forces from this paltry siege And stir them up against a mightier ta
nside throws any light upon the matter." A small side door led into the whitewashed corridor from which the
ething of me, or what concerns me; pray you- Since doubting things go ill often hurts more Than to be sure they do; for certainties Either are past remedies, or, timely knowing, The r
y; The even mead, that erst brought sweetly forth The freckled cowslip, burnet, and green clover, Wanting t
us and Holdernesse. Certainly, if the lad had gone homewards, he must have passed this, and he could not pass it without
ay and Monday. He always kept his distance and did not molest me in any way, but still it certainly 
el and his cause; Tells them he doth bestride a bleeding land, Gasping for life under great Bolingbroke; And more and less do flo
ou and maintain talk with the Duke, that my charity be not of him perceived. If he ask for me, I am ill and gone to bed. Though I die for't, as no
ea and no Of general ignorance- it must omit Real necessities, and give way the while To unstable slightness. Purpose 
et and respectable life. I bought this estate, which chanced to be in the market, and I set myself to do a little good with my money, to ma
g, and the heath-covered country-side with the glowing clumps of flowering gorse seemed all the more beautiful to eyes which were weary of the duns and drab
or had disappeared it struck me what a really extraordinarily lucky chance Fate had placed in my way. I knew that Moriarty was not the only man who had sworn my death. There were at least 
es had not said one word to me about the tragedy which we had witnessed, but I observed all the morning that he was in his most thoughtful mood, and he gave me the impress
He has undergone hardship and sickness, as his haggard face says clearly. His left arm has been injured. He holds it in a stiff and unnatural manner. Where in the tropics could a
to his blank, Transports his poisoned shot- may miss our name And hit the woundless air.- O, come away! My soul is full of discord and dismay. Exeunt. Scene II. Elsinore. A passage
er his fall enrag'd him, or how 'twas, he did so set his teeth and tear it. O, I warrant, how he mammock'd it! VOLUMNIA. One on's father's moods. VALERIA. Indeed, la, 'tis a noble child
of his small eyes, and I could see a shadow pass over his face as I spoke. "'I am afraid that it is quite essential,' said he. 'I
to his youth. SATURNINUS. Ascend, fair Queen, Pantheon. Lords, accompany Your noble Emperor and his lovely bride, Sent by the heavens for Prince Saturnine, Whose wisdom hath her fortune conquered; 
ll my heart, and think me honoured To feast so great a warrior in my house. Exeunt SCENE 4. London. The Temple garden Enter the EARLS O
to remain so long unsatisfied. To you, inspector, the whole incident may appeal as a remarkable professional study. I 
in the air, for all beneath was in shadow, there hung a face,--the very face of our companion Thaddeus. There was the same high, shining he
f, the business of the lodge proceeded. McMurdo, accustomed only to the prosaic performances of Chicago, listened with open ears and more surprise than he ventured to show t
on the basis of valour. Challenge me the Count's youth to fight with him; hurt him in eleven places. My niece shall take note of
to the bleeding and the grim alarm Excite the mortified man. ANGUS. Near Birnam Wood Shall we well meet them; that way are they coming. CAITHN
n, the country Maine and Anjou, Free from oppression or the stroke of war, My daughter shall be Henry's, if he please. SUFFOLK. That is 
to the cottage, and, reappearing with the burning lamp held at full arm's length, he threw it among a bank of brambles. "We must
ot the flats with more impetuous haste Than Young Laertes, in a riotous head, O'erbears Your offices. The rabble call him lord; And, as the world were now but to begin
us the following hieroglyphic: [ Picture: Several unreadable scrawls on paper ] Cyril Overton was much excited. "Hold it to the glass!" he cried. "That is unnecessary," said Holmes. "The 
om the hotel. We halted outside it. "It's worth trying, Watson," said Holmes. "Of course, with a warrant we could demand to see the counterfoils, but we h
of the kind." "You see, my dear Watson"--he propped his test-tube in the rack and began to lecture with the air of a professor addressing his class--"it is not really difficult to constru
th the looks of an empress; take me by the hand and say 'Harry of England, I am thine.' Which word thou shalt no soone
to the mind that its secondary action is a matter of small moment." "But consider!" I said, earnestly. "Count the cost! Your brain may, as you
ts the observer would have come to the conclusion that one of those great herds of bisons which graz
ce the parcel of a reckoning. I am not yet of Percy's mind, the Hotspur of the North; he that kills me some six or seven dozen of Scots at a breakfast, washes his hands, and say
ss the peaty, russet moor, intersected with a thousand sheep paths, until we came to the broad, light-green belt which marked the morass between us 
om the road, but the surroundings all spoke of gloom and decay. The heath was covered with golden patches of flowering gorse, gleaming ma
st the rectorship of judgment? SICINIUS. Have you Ere now denied the asker, and now again, Of him that did not ask but mock, bestow Your su'd-for
to the terrace. Von Bork pushed it back, and, leading the way, he clicked the switch of the electric
on the very heart. All the stor'd vengeances of heaven fall On her ingrateful top! Strike her young bones, You taking airs, with lameness! Corn. Fi
ll the world with vicious qualities. PUCELLE. First let me tell you whom you have condemn'd: Not me begotten of a shepherd swain, But issued from the progeny of kings; Vir
h, thou't set me a-weeping, an thou say'st so. Prove that ever I dress myself handsome till thy return. Well, hearken a' th' end. FALSTAFF. S
in thy lap? Here could I breathe my soul into the air, As mild and gentle as the cradle-babe Dying with mother's dug between its lips; Where, from thy sight, I should be 
nd thy unkindness be like crooked age, To crop at once a too long withered flower. Live in thy shame, but die not
It was strange to me to be standing there with those two wild Punjaubees waiting for the man who was coming to his death. "Suddenly my eye caught t
'd with that Which he corrects, then were he tyrannous; But this being so, he's just. [Knocking within] Now are they come. Exit PROVOST This is a gentle pr
he worst side, were it worse than the name of rebellion can tell how to make it. SERVANT. You mistake me, sir. FALSTAFF. Why, sir, did I say you wer
ld you knew Ford, sir, that you might avoid him if you saw him. FALSTAFF. Hang him, mechanical salt-butter rogue! I will stare him out of his wi
ch you now, come apace to the King: there is more good toward you peradventure than is in your knowledge to dream of. WILLIAMS. Sir, know you this glove? FLUELLEN. Know the glov
ee you sorry; now I trust I shall. My women, come; you have leave. LEONTES. Go, do our bidding; hence! Exeunt HERMIONE, guarded, and LADIES FIRST LORD.
n, you will know that the office of the company is in Fresno Street, which branches out of Upper Swandam Lane, where you found me t
ea. "I only looked in as I passed," said he. "I am going right on." "Where to?" "Oh, to the other side of the West End. It may be some time before I get back. Don't wait up for me i
wn. CURTIS. Who knows not that? GRUMIO. Thou, it seems, that calls for company to countenance her. CUR
ere is only she to be described. She is my niece; but when my brother died five years ago and left her alone in the world I adopted her, and have looked upon her ever since as my daughter. S
ile them all, and to find that line of least resistance which my poor friend had declared to be the starting-point of ever
nce to a sign from my companion; "it clearly belongs to your daughter, and I am glad to be able to restore it to the rightful owner." With many mumbled blessings and protestations of gr
one to the other of us. "Don't trouble yourself about it, Mr. Sholto," said Holmes. "I think that I can engage to clear you of 
ered this room I found the window wide open, and I at once observed that the bust was gone from the mantelpiece. Why any burglar should take s
ugh to draw up, and, I am bound to say, occasionally to embellish, you have given prominence not so much to the many causes célèbres and sensational trials in which I have
aching him with the bloody knife in his hand he kicked off his bonds, which he had somehow contrived to loosen, and rushing down the deck he plunged into the after-hold. A dozen convicts, who 
oving there from early morning to late at night, and yet never to catch so much as a glimpse of him--it's more than I can stand. My husband is as nervous over it as I am, but he is out at his
 all things faithfully. GRATIANO. Let it be so. The first inter'gatory That my Nerissa shall be sworn on is, Whether till the next night she had rather stay, Or go to bed now, being 
d not ever sad then; for I have heard my daughter say she hath often dreamt of unhappiness and wak'd herself with laughing. Pedro. She cannot endure to hear tel
 to them. FIRST PATRICIAN. You do the nobler. CORIOLANUS. I muse my mother Does not approve me further, who was wont To call them woollen vassals, things created To buy and sell with groats; to show
though I spoke of Mr. Sholto's death, I said nothing of the exact manner and method of it. With all my omissions, however, there was enough to startle and amaze them. "It is
ter as a mere abstract intellectual problem. As far as the death of Bartholomew Sholto went, I had heard little good of him, and could feel no intense antipathy to his 
rer of bodies; if you should fight, you go against the hair of your professions. Is it not true, Master Page? PAGE. Mas
t's death, That murd'red me. I would forget it fain; But O, it presses to my memory Like damned guilty deeds to sinners' minds! 'Tybalt is dead, and Romeo- banis
 as Hero. John. What proof shall I make of that? Bora. Proof enough to misuse the Prince, to vex Claudio, to undo Hero, and kill Leonato
rd, and 'tis some policy To have one show worse than the King's and his company. KING. I say they shall not come. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Nay, my good lord, let me o'e
eel and a bellow like an enraged bull. The next instant Holmes and the seaman were rolling on the ground t
ood and brains over the room. It was enough to drive a woman out of her wits, tied there, and her very dress spotted with him; but she never wan
ark and dispatched ten-thirty-six," said Holmes, reading it over and over. "Mr. Overton was evidently considerably excited when he 
ock and enter; and no sooner in But every man betake him to his legs. Rom. A torch for me! Let wantons light
ies and greater far Than my weak-hearted enemies dare offer. What news abroad? CROMWELL. The heaviest and the worst
olk and myself, With all the friends that thou, brave Earl of March, Amongst the loving Welshmen canst procure, Will but amount to five and twenty thousand, Why, Via! to London w
ore and more intrusive, until at last, on making some insolent reply to my father in my presence one day, I took him by the shoulders and turned him out of the room. He slunk away with a livid f
at, and of a most uncommon type. There could not have been a greater contrast between brother and sister, for Sta
rse and started in pursuit. The moon shone clear above them, and they rode swiftly abreast, taking that course which the maid must nee
re, and that suspicion would rest the more readily upon him. What did you do, then? You made some small job in my lady's room--you and your confederate Cusack--an
ogy and was settling down to develop this thesis when suddenly, to my sorrow and to his unfeigned delight, we found ourselves, even in that land of dreams, plunged into a problem at our very doors wh
ith her bleared eyes and fumbling in her pocket with nervous, shaky fingers. I glanced at my companion, and his face had assumed su
 of her choice And could of men distinguish, her election Hath scald thee for herself. For thou hast been As o
hat her old gloves were on, but 'twas her hands; She has a huswife's hand- but that's no matter. I say she never did invent this letter: This is a man's
and his eyes were as bright as if he had a fever. He stared at us and at the dog-cart. Then a look of amazement came over his face. "Halloa! Stop there!" he shouted, holding his bicycle to block ou
r's name, Pope Innocent, I do demand of thee. KING JOHN. What earthly name to interrogatories Can task the free breath of a sacred king? Thou ca
est that I have given away my own agents!" "I don't stand for that, mister, but there's a stool pigeon or a cross somewhere, and it's up to you to 
ard the De Reszkes? Might I trouble you then to be ready in half an hour, and we can stop at Marcini's for a little dinner on the way?" THE 
 on the Grimpen Mire, and I do not fancy that he will see his little dog again. "By the way, Mortimer," said I as we jolted along the rough road, "I supp
 in the battle think on me, And fall thy edgeless sword. Despair and die! [To RICHMOND] Thou offspring of the house of Lancaster, The wronged heirs of York do pray for 
new the danger, I determined to have the child over, if it were but for a few weeks. I sent a hundred pounds to the nurse, and I gave her instructions about this cottage, so that she might c
nto the garden below. "I was shaken but not hurt by the fall; so I picked myself up and rushed off among the 
aim the head money given by the lodge for the shooting of old man Crabbe over at Stylestown, and who's to say which fired the bullet?" McMurdo rose in his place and raised his 
ith the help of some Italian employe, he succeeded in finding out where the other three busts had gone. The first was at Harker's. There he was dogged by h
ks, the high, bare crowns of the mountains, white snow, and jagged rock towered upon each flank, leaving a long, winding, tortuous valley in the centre. Up this the little train was slowly cr
 is the opinion of Pythagoras concerning wild fowl? MALVOLIO. That the soul of our grandam might haply inhabit
 to the reason why. Robbery had not been the object of the murder, for nothing was taken. Was it politics, 
 am the turned forth, be it known to you, That have preserv'd her welfare in my blood And from her bosom took the enemy's point, Sheathing the steel 
 to the table. "Well, Mr. Holmes?" said he. But my friend's eyes were fixed upon the secretary, who stood by
Tis the time's plague when madmen lead the blind. Do as I bid thee, or rather do thy pleasure. Above the rest, be gone. Old Man. I'll bring him th
 of the world hath so an end, And machination ceases. Fortune love you! Alb. Stay till I have read the letter. Edg. I was forbid it. When time shall serv
ind the work of Monsieur Bertillon must always appeal strongly." "Then had you not better consult him?" "I said, sir, to the precisely scientif
eed thee straight And make my misery serve thy turn. So use it That my revengeful services may prove As benefits to thee; for I will 
nly this- Let each man do his best; and here draw I A sword whose temper I intend to stain With the best blood that I can meet withal In the adventure of this perilous day.
Let us take that as a working hypothesis and see what it leads us to. This part of the moor, as the Inspector remarked, is very hard and dry. But it falls awa
her was a man of a very violent temper. Seeing that his passion was becoming ungovernable, I left him and returned towards Ha
ich was banked with high evergreen shrubs. It was an old, tumbledown building in a crazy state of disrepair. When the tra
 of you and--and--" "And you couldn't wash yourself," interrupted his companion gravely, staring up at his grimy visage. "No, nor drink. And Mr. Bender, he was the fust to 
ll, you will know, I'll promise you that. You won't be much older, either. Perhaps Miss Ettie can tell you something 
rth, as it were, I have acquainted you withal, to the end to crave your assistance. HOLOFERNES. Sir, you shall present before her the Nine Worthies. Sir Nathaniel, as concerning s
but, then, he has no judgment, and he can't sprint for nuts. Why, Morton or Johnson, the Oxford fliers, could romp round him. Stevenson is fast enough, 
"Oh, tut, tut! I have no time! That left foot of yours with its inward twist is all over the place. A mole could trace it, and there it vanishes among the reeds. Oh, 
hand in the bag. No doubt it had been prearranged in some fashion, for it was the fatal disc with the Red Circle upon it,
ence of a dumb-bell. I drew your attention to it; but with the pressure of other events you had hardl
moners, Messengers, and Servants <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEAR
ut ever since that girl has been in my employment I never once let her go past this house, where I knew these rascals were lurking, without following her on my bicycle just to se
during those dreadful hours might have been an evil dream. "Half dazed, I went into the station and asked about the morning train. There would
! All this while You were disguis'd. HUBERT. Peace; no more. Adieu. Your uncle must not know but you are dead: I'll fill these dogged spies with false reports; And, pretty child, sleep doub
 tossed my rocket into the room with a cry of "Fire!" The word was no sooner out of my mouth than the whole crowd of spectators, well dressed and ill--gentlemen, ostlers, and servant-maids--joine
reat heart heave away this storm; Commend these waters to those baby eyes That never saw the giant world en
 but the Inspector had overlooked it because he had started with the supposition that these county magnates ha
-moving fair solicitor. Tell him the daughter of the King of France, On serious business, craving quick dispatch, Importunes personal conference with his Grace. Haste, signify so muc
des, And he may fetch him. DUKE. Go, do it instantly. Exit PROVOST And you, my noble and well-warranted cousin, W
sic] And rock the ground whereon these sleepers be. Now thou and I are new in amity, And will to-morrow midnight solemnly Dance in Duke Theseus' house triumphantly
 You English princes an, I do salute you. BURGUNDY. My duty to you both, on equal love, Great Kings of France and England! That I have labour'd With all my wits, my pains, and strong endeavours, To b
VERS and DORSET after her QUEEN ELIZABETH. Ah, who shall hinder me to wail and weep, To chide my fortune, and torment myself? I'll join with black despair against
eard and gown: he sees thee not. SIR TOBY. To him in thine own voice, and bring me word how thou find'st him. I would we
worn and greasy forms from his pocket. Holmes glanced over them and returned them. "You are just the man I want," s
les; and out they shall. Now, if you can blush and cry guilty, Cardinal, You'll show a little honesty. WOLSEY. Speak on, sir; I dare your worst
teps and squeezed through into the garret, and immediately afterwards we heard his exulting voice proclaiming that he had found the trap-d
ious and well-foughten field We kept together in our chivalry.' Upon these words I came and cheer'd him up; He smil'd me in the face, raught me his hand, And, with a feeble grip, says 'Dear m
holy downs. Rain squalls drifted across their russet face, and the heavy, slate-coloured clouds hung low over the landscape, trailing in gray wreaths down the sides of th
 and had fetched out a horse, he had not barked enough to arouse the two lads in the loft. Obviously t
 put his broad back up against it, he recognized the uselessness of resistance. "Pretty sort o' treatment this!" he cried, stamping his stick. "I come here to s
g of his bushy eyebrows bespoke his disappointment and irritation. I sat helpless and unhappy, staring into the fire. A long silence was broken by a sudde
k of his would soon repair. But, too unruly deer, he breaks the pale, And feeds from home; poor I am but his stale. L
; he knows I know him well. ANTONIO. I Must obey. [To VIOLA] This comes with seeking you; But there's no remedy; I shall answer it. What will you do, now my necessity Makes
edom lay before them. CHAPTER V The Avenging Angels All night their course lay through intricate defiles and over irreg
nce, let me go no farther to mine answer. Do you hear me, and let this Count kill me. I have deceived even your
e is not an emotional man. Yes, I gather there has been violence, and that the body is left for our inspection. A mere suicide would not have caused him to send for me. As to the release of the l
bber not business for my sake, Bassanio, But stay the very riping of the time; And for the Jew's bond which he hath of me, Let it not enter in your mind of love; Be merry, and employ 
 had scrawled, as he deciphered it, upon a sheet of foolscap on my knee. "What a queer, scrambling way of expressing his mean
thou shalt never have my curse. Thy tender-hefted nature shall not give Thee o'er to harshness. Her eyes are fierce; but thine Do com
d at the Englischer Hof for a fortnight. While there she had made the acquaintance of a Dr. Shlessinger and his wife, a missionary from S
, in the body of the fleshly land, This kingdom, this confine of blood and breath, Hostility and civil tumult reigns Between my
nder the business, Either led or driven, as we point the way; And having brought our treasure where we will, Then take we down his load and turn him off, Like to the empty ass, to shake his ears An
 "On the contrary," answered the Colonel, warmly, "I consider it the greatest privilege to have been permitted to study your methods of working. I confess that they quite su
y in the chemical work which was so dear to him. "Well, have you solved it?" I asked as I entered. "Yes. It was the bisulphate of baryta." "No, no, the myste
side the dead man on the floor. The initials V. V. and under them the number 341 were rudely scrawled in ink upon it. "What's this?" he asked, holding it up. 
from the eaves. I thought of the convict out upon the bleak, cold, shelterless moor. Poor devil! Whatever his crimes, he has suffe
that the effect could be so sudden and so severe." He dashed into the cottage, and, reappearing with the burning lamp held at full arm's length, he threw it among a bank of 
t of the facts,' I answered. 'Depend upon it, if your son is innocent he will be none the worse.' "'Perhaps, Alice, you had b
g of the kind. It is perhaps the best possible solution. I trust, Mr. Holder, that you are nearing the end of your troubles." "
view the letter Sent from our uncle Duke of Burgundy. GLOUCESTER. [Viewing the superscription] What means his Grace, that he hath chang'd his style? No more but plain an
'Tis the next way to turn tailor or be redbreast-teacher. An the indentures be drawn, I'll away within these two hours; and so come in when ye will. Exit. Glend. Come, come, Lord Mortimer.
 now the sky; betwixt the firmament and it you cannot thrust a bodkin's point. SHEPHERD. Why, boy, how i
d to the sergeant to follow him. At that moment there arrived Dr. Wood, a brisk and capable general practitioner from the village. The
s in them of this business' making, Than we bring men to comfort them; The fault's your own. ALONSO. So is the dear'st o' th' loss. GONZALO. My lord Sebastian, The truth you speak d
hall walk out upon the lawn." I had never seen my friend's face so grim or his brow so dark as it was when we turned from the scene of this investigation. We had walked several times
n he was married it was all right, but since he has been a widower we have had no end of trouble with him. A 
d he will, after his sour fashion, tell you What hath proceeded worthy note today. BRUTUS. I will do
k to you like an honest man, I am most dreadfully attended. But in the beaten way of friendship, what make you at Elsinore? Ros. To visit you, my lord; no other occasion. Ham
tell you the whole truth. I could go to jail happy if I knew that you were working for me outside." "Arrest you!" said Holmes. "This is really most grati--most interesting. On w
 him? ARVIRAGUS. Stark, as you see; Thus smiling, as some fly had tickled slumber, Not as death's dart, being laugh'd at; his right cheek Reposing on a cushion. GUIDERIUS. Where? ARV
heard the rustle and murmur of the people round him, and then the voice of McGinty sounded dull and distant through the covering of his e
 care not for their names; they owe me nothing. Will you sing? AMIENS. More at your request than to please myself. JAQUES. Well then, if ever I thank any man
 vale of years- yet that's not much- She's gone. I am abused, and my relief Must be to loathe her. O curse of marriage, Tha
t use the strength of all thy state! But do not so, I love thee in such sort, As thou being mine, mine is thy good report. 97 
lapped his two hands to the wound and doubled himself up. Then he staggered away; but another of the assassins fired, and he we
nfidence than her reputation; and, to bar your offence herein too, I durst attempt it against any lady in th
r. Gent. They say Edgar, his banish'd son, is with the Earl of Kent in Germany. Kent. Report is changeable. 'Tis time to look about; the powers of the kingdom approach apace.
er there So merry and so gamesome. He is call'd The Britain reveller. IMOGEN. When he was here He did incline to sadness, and oft-times
 in his astonishment and dismay. "Good gracious, Mr. Holmes, you are surely not going to leave me in this abrupt fashion! You don't seem to realize the position. 
's all been done before, and will be again. I'll tell you one or two things about Moriarty which may interest you." "You
rf would make pursuit easy if the police did happen to get on his track. How, then, could he conceal the launch and yet have her at hand when wanted? I wondered what I should do myself if I 
r nothing with you. Your father and my uncle hath made motions; if it be my luck, so; if not, happy man be his dole! They can tell you how things 
e nature Nurture can never stick; on whom my pains, Humanely taken, all, all lost, quite lost; And as with age his body uglier grows, So his mi
 her; And with my best endeavours in your absence Your discontenting father strive to qualify, And bring him up to liking. FLORIZEL. How, Camillo, May this, almost a miracle, be done? That 
 Exit THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY W
lful, and deadly. VIOLA. You mistake, sir; I am sure no man hath any quarrel to me; my remembrance is very free and clear from any image of offence done to any man
lace, and many a little problem will be presented which may be striking and bizarre without being criminal. We have a
eels, and suddenly; and on your heads Clap round fines for neglect. Y'are lazy knaves; And here ye lie baiting of bombards, when Ye sho
kness and the gloomy shade of death Environ you, till mischief and despair Drive you to break your necks or hang yourselves! Exit, guarded YORK. Br
livid and trembling, before us. His dark eyes, glaring out of the white mask of his face, were full of horror and astonishment as he gazed from Sir Henry to me. "What are you doing here, Barrymor
w all are fled, Save only the gods. Now his friends are dead, Doors that were ne'er acquainted with their wards Many a bounteous year mu
s, By chance, or nature's changing course untrimmed: But thy eternal summer shall not fade, Nor lose possession of that fair
eeded for its effect, but I little dreamed that he could have a personal reason for asking. "I thought no more of the matter until the vicar's telegram reached me at P
 "The gun was made to conceal. That's why the barrels were sawed. It would fit into any box. How could he swear there was no such gun in the house?" "Well, anyhow, he
 upon his court Hides not his visage from our cottage, but Looks on alike. [To FLORIZEL] Will't please you, sir, be gone? I told you what
e lit his pipe, and leaning back in his chair he watched the blue smoke-rings as they chased each other up to the ceiling. "I think, Watson," he remarked at last, "that of all ou
ellow is a genius in his way, and would have made his mark in some more savoury trade. His method is as follows: He allows it to b
d, at my lodging, the same suit he wore when he took leave of my lady and mistress. CLOTEN. The first ser
chain of events is certainly one of extraordinary interest. What did you do next?" "We examined the room also. There is no possibility of a secret doo
," he said, "I say now, as I said then, that a man should keep his little brain-attic stocked with all the furniture 
 Upon the beached verge of the salt flood, Who once a day with his embossed froth The turbulent surge shall cover. Thither come, And let 
ne of the barrels. In his mad fury he would have squeezed the life out of him if McMurdo had not interfered. "Easy, Councillor! For heaven's sake, go easy!
 near the cradle of the Fairy Queen? What, a play toward! I'll be an auditor; An actor too perhaps, if I see cause. QUINCE. Sp
es of the doctor. "He left his hotel last night. He has not been heard of." "No doubt he will return." "To-morrow is the 'Varsity football match." "I have no sympathy with these childish games. 
e in, the family would certainly have risen from the table. Besides, in peaceful Cornwall, visitors did not arrive after ten o'clock at
safe, the firelight flashing back from the polished brass knobs upon its face. Holmes stole across and l
t all the first-born of Egypt. AMIENS. And I'll go seek the Duke; his banquet is prepar'd. Exeunt sever
nvoy, the goose that you bought; And he ended the market. ARMADO. But tell me: how was there a costar
 Into the hands of one that loves you not; To trust the opportunity of night, And the ill counsel of a desert place, With the rich worth of your virginity. HELENA. 
as to the individuality of the man who has worn this article?" I took the tattered object in my hands and turned it over rather ruefully. It was a very ordinary
ently the landlady appeared with the tray, laid it down upon a chair beside the closed door, and then, treading heavily, departed.
ne of the most long-suffering of mortals; but I'll admit that I was annoyed at the sardonic interruption. "Really, Holmes," said I severely, "you are a
on in the office. His duties brought him into daily, personal contact with the plans. No one else had the ha
e saw the propriety of it, for certainly the incident is a very singular one, though he appears to completely overrate its importance. If you would only come back with me in my br
s all the policy, strength, and defence, That Rome can make against them. Enter a troop of citizens MENENIUS. Here comes the clusters. And is Aufidius with him? You are t
th of the passers-by blew out into smoke like so many pistol shots. Our footfalls rang out crisply and loudly as we swung through the doctors' quarter, Wimpol
 with the shadow of his wings He can at pleasure stint their melody; Even so mayest thou the giddy men of Rome. Then cheer thy spir
 from the tremendous interests involved, must appeal so directly to his love of the complex and the unusual. He now drew out his note-book and jotted down one or two memoranda. "You have 
e all things well; and I do think That, had he Duncan's sons under his key- As, an't please heaven, he shall not -they sh
route was certainly a singular one. Holmes's knowledge of the byways of London was extraordinary, and on this occasion he passed 
at he was sharing my observations. Right in front of us, and almost within our reach, was the broad, rounded back of Milverton. It was evident that we had entirely m
, and you are smelt Above the moon. We must be burnt for you. SICINIUS. Nay, pray be patient; if you re
ought you'd be getting into trouble, Mr. Crooked McMurdo of Chicago," said he. "Can't keep out of it, can you? Take your hat and come along with us." "I guess you'll pay for this, Captain Marvin,"
id he. The three of them removed his coat, turned up the sleeve of his right arm, and finally passed a rope round above the elbows and made it fast. They next placed a thick black 
ng to. These nine in buckram that I told thee of- Prince. So, two more already. Fal. Their points being broken-
veil'd dames Commit the war of white and damask in Their nicely gawded cheeks to th' wanton spoil Of Phoebus' burning kisses. Such a po
rd and thee! Come, now towards Chertsey with your holy load, Taken from Paul's to be interred there; And still as you are wea
h side of the Queen? THIRD GENTLEMAN. Stokesly and Gardiner: the one of Winchester, Newly preferr'd from the King's secretary; The other, Lond
? Take your hat and come along with us." "I guess you'll pay for this, Captain Marvin," said McGinty. "Who are you, I'd like to know, to break into a house in this fashion and moles
that he had left his enormous fortune in the hands of trustees, with instructions to apply the interest to the
 of the walls." The little man's eyes sparkled as he spoke, and he was evidently in a state of suppressed exultation at having scored a point against his colleague. "Come here," he sai
our night of woe might have remembered My deepest sense, how hard true sorrow hits, And soon to you, as you to 
 footman opened the door, and a small, stout man in a shaggy astrachan overcoat descended. A minute later he was in the room. Charles Augustus Milverton was a man of fifty, with a large, i
mes would call about nine he could go down with Lestrade and see it acted upon. So ended the day, save that near midnight our friend, the sergeant, call
e--should deliberately break into a house at a time when he could see from the lights that two of the family were still afoot?" "He must have been a cool hand." "Well, of course, if th
here's the Queen? CHARMIAN. Behold, sir. Exit CLEOPATRA. Dolabella! DOLABELLA. Madam, as thereto sworn by your command, Which my love makes religion to obey, I tell you th
s; let thy tongue tang arguments of state; put thyself into the trick of singularity. She thus advises thee that sighs for thee. Remember who commended thy yellow 
s that to do with you? Carnaway was about his house at night, and he shot him. That's enough for me and you. You've got to settle the thing right." "
at either my intelligence or my courage must be deficient if I could not throw some further light upon these dark pla
eague. I hate to meet her, Watson, when I have no news of her husband. Here we are. Whoa, there, whoa!" We h
ntent. Lords, with one cheerful voice welcome my love. ALL. [Kneeling] Long live Queen Margaret, England's happiness! QUEEN. We thank you all. [Flourish] SUFFOLK. My Lord Prote
it fit To send the old and miserable King To some retention and appointed guard; Whose age has charms in it, whose title more, To pluck the common bosom on his side And t
athing and exploit. KING. What's he comes here? Enter BERTRAM, LAFEU, and PAROLLES FIRST LORD. It is the Count Rousillon, my good lord, Young Bertram. KI
ernoon and late into the evening he sat lost in tobacco and thought. Just before dinner two telegrams were handed in. The first ran: Have just heard that Barrymore is at the Hall. Baskerv
rmy. I and my brother are not known; yourself So out of thought, and thereto so o'ergrown, Cannot be questioned. ARVIRAGUS. By this sun that shine
slaves and pagans shall our statesmen be. Exeunt. SCENE III. A council chamber. The Duke and Senators sitting at a table;
urtive and sly-looking, was waiting for us upon the platform. In spite of the light brown dustcoat and leather-leggings which he wore in deferenc
 Roman eagle, From south to west on wing soaring aloft, Lessen'd herself and in the beams o' th' sun So vanish'd; which foreshow'd our princely eagl
 rogue for being so far officious; for I am proof against that title, and what shame else belongs to't. To him will I present them. There may be matter in it. Exit <<THIS ELECT
ion. I had begun to take comfort too soon, however; yesterday morning the blow fell in the very shape in which it had come upon my father." The young man took from his waistcoat a cr
hen he had descended he and his men escorted McMurdo to headquarters. Darkness had fallen, and a keen blizzard was blowing so that
ng man had intercepted me. I heard the sharp snap of a twisted key. The next moment he had staggered back to his bed, exhausted and panting after his one tremendous outflame of energy. "Yo
strade had produced two candles and the policemen had uncovered their lanterns. I was able at last to have a good look at our prisoner. 
e made him querulous and nervous. In vain I endeavored to interest him in Afghanistan, in India, in social questions,
r from his benediction, turn'd her To foreign casualties, gave her dear rights To his dog-hearted daughters- these things sting His mind so venomously 
o seek his life? LUCIO. Has censur'd him Already, and, as I hear, the Provost hath A warrant for his execution. ISABELLA. A
er me, his name is Falstaff. If that man should be lewdly, given, he deceiveth me; for, Harry, I see virtue in his look
 Iden, that's my name; A poor esquire of Kent that loves his king. BUCKINGHAM. So please it you, my lord, 'twere not amiss He were created knight for his good service. KING
member the analogous incidents in Godno, in Little Russia, in the year '66, and of course there are the Anderson murders in North Carolina, but this case possesses some featur
r bed; the arras, figures- Why, such and such; and the contents o' th' story. Ah, but some natural notes 
ll him the daughter of the King of France, On serious business, craving quick dispatch, Importunes personal conference with his Grace. Haste, signify so much; while we attend, L
ernes, the epithets are sweetly varied, like a scholar at the least; but, sir, I assure ye it was a buck of the firs
 do in the future is a hard question to answer. Mrs. Stapleton has heard her husband discuss the problem on several occasions. There were three possibl
o play the fool; And to do that well craves a kind of wit. He must observe their mood on whom he jests, The quality of persons, and the time; And, like the haggard, check at every feather That come
s none the less in his personal habits one of the most untidy men that ever drove a fellow-lodger to distraction. Not 
d, "on the morning of the fourteenth, a gentleman named Hosmer Angel. About five ft. seven in. in height; strongl
o gave the name of Professor Coram. He was an invalid, keeping his bed half the time, and the other ha
rks to the nearest miner, and receiving only short, gruff replies, the traveller resigned himself to uncongenial silence, staring moodily out of the window at the fading landscape. It was 
alk in the orchard, and our whole discourse Is all of her. Say that thou overheard'st us; And bid her steal into the pleached bower, Where honeysuckles, ripened by th
ust by the roots be hewn up yet ere night. I need not add more fuel to your fire, For well I wot ye blaze to burn them out. Give signal to the fight, and to it, lords. QU
er, or the sea! Look on the tragic loading of this bed; This is thy work. The object poisons sight; Let it be hi
h, for the stains lie above each other--if you lay it over this way. But what I want to know is, who shifted the carpet,
parate the sensational from the criminal, and a chronicler is left in the dilemma that he must either
nvince the two castaways that their appearance was no delusion. One of them seized the little girl, and hoisted her upon his shoulder, while
oss to the window, hoping that I might catch some glimpse of the country-side, but an oak shutter, heavily barred, was folded across it. It was a wonderfully silent house. The
y upon the zeal and the intelligence which you have shown over an extraordinarily difficult case." I was s
, fare thee well. Now boast thee, death, in thy possession lies A lass unparallel'd. Downy windows, close; And golden Phoebus never be beheld Of eyes again so royal! Your crown's awry; I'll 
ome to thee. OLIVIA. God comfort thee! Why dost thou smile so, and kiss thy hand so oft? MARIA. How do you, Malvolio? MALVOLIO. At your request? Yes, nighti
nt. He was an elderly man, thin, demure, and common-place--by no means the conception one forms of a Russian nobleman. I was much more struck by the appearance of his companion. This wa
r as I was with my friend's methods, it was not difficult for me to follow his deductions, and to observe the untidiness of attire, the sheaf of le
ite to you all morning. I see also in your open desk there that you have a sheet of stamps and a thick bundle of postcards
detain you here some month or two Before you venture for me. I could teach you How to choose right, but then I am forsworn; So 
 then, you know now. And if you ever put your foot over that threshold again'--here in an instant the smile hardened into a grin of rage, and he glared down at me with the face of 
 Titus, see, O, see what thou hast done! In a bad quarrel slain a virtuous son. TITUS. No, foolish Tribune, no; no son of mine- Nor thou, nor these, confederate
Thanks, sir; all the rest is mute. LAFEU. I had rather be in this choice than throw ames-ace for my life. HELENA. The honour, sir, that flam
cipled. He was nearly expelled over a card scandal in his first year. He has been idling all this term, and he must look forward with dread to the examin
pology. The tin box must be returned to him, but, of course, the securities which Peter Carey has sold are lost for ever. There's the cab, Hopkins, and you can remove your man
etray'd by falsehood of his guard Or by his foe surpris'd at unawares; And, as I further have to understand, Is new committed to the Bishop of York, Fell Warwick's brother, and by that our foe. RIVER
ar, and he to taste Their fruits of duty. Superfluous branches We lop away, that bearing boughs may live; Had he done so, himse
ts. Are these the breed of wits so wondered at? BOYET. Tapers they are, with your sweet breaths puff'd out. ROSALINE. Well
s, doting on Hermia's eyes, So I, admiring of his qualities. Things base and vile, holding no quantity, Love can transpose to form and dignity. Lov
lf upon my protection." It was late when my friend returned, and I could see by a glance at his haggard and anxious face th
emotion to such an extent that I could hardly have sworn to his identity. There was certainly no physical injury of any kind. But one false statement was made by Barr
gaudy night. Call to me All my sad captains; fill our bowls once more; Let's mock the midnight bell. CLEOPATRA. It is 
e, I could do much- OTHELLO. Prithee, no more. Let him come when he will; I will deny thee nothing. DESDEMONA. Why, this is not a boon; 'Tis as I should entreat you w
th your theories," I remarked. "That may or may not be. But let us hear the end, Mr. Mac. Was there nothing to identify this ma
ity during the investigation." "Yes, sir, he is still with us." "Could you ring him up?--thank you! And I should be glad to have change of this f
ontents repair, and men's reports Give him much wrong'd. CAESAR. I should have known no less. It hath been taught us from the primal state That he which is was wish'd until he were; And the eb
e, That do not do the thing, they most do show, Who moving others, are themselves as stone, Unmoved, col
nk that the sale of the jewellery should be sufficient. Lestrade will see to all details." "But they may murder her in the m
y fault. I have receiv'd my proportion, like the Prodigious Son, and am going with Sir Proteus to the Imperial's court. I th
e duchy of Anjou and the county of Maine shall be released and delivered to the King her father'- [Lets the paper fall] KING HENRY. Uncle, how now! GLOUCESTER. Pardon me, 
y. pray You Pass with your best violence; I am afeard You make a wanton of me. Laer. Say you so? Come on. Play. Osr. Noth
reedom, and enfranchisement!" BRUTUS. People and senators, be not affrighted, Fly not, stand still; ambition's debt is p
be mild and gentle in my words. KING RICHARD. And brief, good mother; for I am in haste. DUCHESS. Art thou so hasty? I have stay'd for thee, God knows, in torment and in agon
an Just and upright, and for your royal birth Inferior to none but to his Majesty; And ere that we will suffer such a prince, So kind a father of the commonweal, To be disgraced 
 mother and wife to MARCIUS; they set them down on two low stools and sew VOLUMNIA. I pray you, daughter, sing, or express your
uzzled, and would sit for long spells with a furrowed brow and a vacant eye. Finally he sprang from his c
sh law; for I was not sure how I stood under it, and also I saw my chance to throw these hounds once for all
ep thou for me in France, I for thee here; Better far off than near, be ne'er the near. Go, count thy
fore's, for the remove Bring up your army; but I think you'll find Th' have not prepar'd for us. AUFIDIUS. O, doubt not that! I speak from c
ted, to his answer, He fell sick suddenly, and grew so ill He could not sit his mule. KATHARINE. Alas, poor man! GRIFFITH. At last, with easy r
bstract intellectual problem. As far as the death of Bartholomew Sholto went, I had heard little good of him, and could feel no intense antipathy to his murderers. The treas
ilings, its massive folding-door, and its shining brasswork. All was in keeping with a solemn butler who appeared framed in the pink radiance of a tinted electrical light behind him. "Yes, Mr. C
tant to look at the windows, and to see if I could catch a glimpse of the strange face which had looked out at me on the day before. As I stood there, imagine
. Trust not those cunning waters of his eyes, For villainy is not without such rheum; And he, long traded in it, makes it seem 
 was no one on earth outside the Joint who knew the secret of the dancing men. How came you to write it?" "What one man can invent another can discover," said Holmes. "Ther
g as to our researches we turned our faces westward once more. The afternoon was far advanced before we we
 him to the Baker Street collection!" He burst into one of his rare fits of laughter as he turned away from the picture. I have not heard 
seal of the Duke. You know the character, I doubt not; and the signet is not strange to you. PROVOST. 
ng with the E. J. D. upon the linen. No purse, but loose money to the extent of seven pounds thirteen. Pocket edition of Boccaccio's 'Decamer
 passed the Hampshire border he threw them down and began to admire the scenery. It was an ideal spring day, a light blue sky, flecked with little fleecy white clouds drifting across from
's make the best of it. AUFIDIUS. My rage is gone, And I am struck with sorrow. Take him up. Help, three o' th' chiefest soldiers; I'll be one. Beat thou the drum, that it speak m
issolve the bands of life, Which false hope lingers in extremity. Enter YORK GREEN. Here comes the Duke of 
 though the chameleon Love can feed on the air, I am one that am nourish'd by my victuals, and would fain have
ed over the case in my mind, and found no explanation which appeared to me to be adequate. At the risk of telling a twic
away on the instant to make inquiries about the page, while Holmes and I returned to Baker Street for breakfast. "I'll be back by three," said he, when we had finished our meal. "Both the 
put out the light. Instantly I made my way back to my room, and very shortly came the stealthy steps passing once m
t quite the last. I found myself weary and yet wakeful, tossing restlessly from side to side, seeking for the sleep which would not come. Far away a
Here is the man, this Moor, whom now, it seems, Your special mandate for the state affairs Hath hither brought. ALL
porting the mere perdition of the Turkish fleet, every man put himself into triumph; some to dance, so
g along the open curve which leads to the station. We had hardly time to take our place behind a pile of lugga
. Above the rest, be gone. Old Man. I'll bring him the best 'parel that I have, Come on't what will. Exit. Glou. Sirrah naked fellow- Edg. Poor Tom's acold. [Aside] I cannot da
ng into the room with a proud, set face. "You have forced me, against my own judgment, to tell you, and now we must both make the best of it. My husband 
 I fear the shot here. Here's no scoring but upon the pate. Soft! who are you? Sir Walter Blunt. There'
g, with the yellow light of the lantern shining upon his protruded face and twinkling distrustful eyes. "That you, Mr. Thaddeus? But w
ave put themselves into voluntary exile with him, whose lands and revenues enrich the new Duke; therefore he gives them good leave to wander. OLIVER. Can you tell if Rosalind, the
hunting was his daily exercise. WARWICK. My brother was too careless of his charge. But let us hence, my sovereign,
ce. "It was invisible, buried in the mud. I only saw it because I was looking for it." "What! You expected to find it?" "I thought it not unlikely." He took the boot
at need you blush? Shame's a baby.-Here she is now; swear the oaths now to her that you have sworn to me.- What, are you gone agai
t Which you deny already; yet we will ask, That, if you fail in our request, the blame May hang upon your hardness; therefore hear us. CORIOLANUS. 
 as you yourself still do, Within the eye of honour, be assur'd My purse, my person, my extremest means, Lie all unlock'd to your occasions. BASSANIO. In my school-days, when 
ne side, and, rushing to the window, cut at me with his heavy weapon. I had let myself go, and was hanging by the hands to
. CLOWN. By my troth, I take my young lord to be a very melancholy man. COUNTESS. By what observance, I pray you?
eturned. He was much excited, and evidently the worse for drink. He forced his way into the room, where I was sitting with my
PETRUCHIO. Why, there's a wench! Come on, and kiss me, Kate. LUCENTIO. Well, go thy ways, old lad, for thou shalt ha't. VINCENT
an mov'd is like a fountain troubled- Muddy, ill-seeming, thick, bereft of beauty; And while it is so, none so dry or thirsty Will deign to sip or touch one drop of it. Thy husband is thy lord, thy
foreseeing those fell mischiefs Our reasons laid before him-hath commanded To-morrow morning to the Council board 
a post-office and demand to see the counterfoil of another man's message there may be some disinclination on the part of the officials to oblige you. There is so 
t was told me I should be rich by the fairies. This is some changeling. Open't. What's within, boy? CLOWN. You're a made old man; if the sins of your you
; you are no husband for her. BERTRAM. My lord, this is a fond and desp'rate creature Whom sometime I have laugh'd with. Let your Highness Lay a more noble thought upon mine honour Than for 
n us more than he. For as it would ill become me to be vain, indiscreet, or a fool, So, were there a patch set 
 patches of colour from the coats of arms which covered them. The dark panelling glowed like bronze in the golden rays, and 
like not of this flight of Edward's; For doubtless Burgundy will yield him help, And we shall have more
seen nothing later than the fifteenth century to-day." "Well, it was only a paragraph, and all wrong at that, so you have not missed anything. I haven't let the grass grow under my
n tears! The great dignity that his valour hath here acquir'd for him shall at home be encount'red with a shame as ample. SECOND LORD. The web of our life is of a mingled yarn, good and 
of blood and death. QUINTUS. Aaron is gone, and my compassionate heart Will not permit mine eyes once to
ancement and high office. There were other qualities needed, however, besides those of good fellowship, to make a worthy Freeman, and of these he was given an example 
em. IRAS falls and dies] Have I the aspic in my lips? Dost fall? If thus thou and nature can so gently part, The stroke of death is as a lover's pinch, Which hurts 
ir, I am for you. OTHELLO. Keep up your bright swords, for the dew will rust them. Good signior, you shall more command with years Than w
 Besides her urging of her wreck at sea- These are the parents to these children, Which accidentally are met together. Antipholus, thou cam'st from Corinth first? ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACU
t. I saw him not. Beat. How tartly that gentleman looks! I never can see him but I am heart-burn'd an hour after. Hero. He is of a 
 deal of his act. SECOND LORD. Sir, his wife, some two months since, fled from his house. Her pretence is a pilgrimage to Saint Jaques le Grand;
lance of his duty, would Have put his knife into him.' KING. A giant traitor! WOLSEY. Now, madam, may his Highness live in freedom, And this man ou
rfeit of his soul upon oath, never trust my judgment in anything. FIRST LORD. O, for the love of laughter, let him fetch his drum; he says he has a stratagem for't. When your lordship sees the
ely suit ill spent and labour ill bestowed! Pedro. Why, what's the matter? John. I came hither to tell you, and, circumstances sho
ight, my lord. Ham. Or of a courtier, which could say 'Good morrow, sweet lord! How dost thou, good lord?' This might be my Lord Such-a-one,
aliant a man as Mark Antony; and he is man of no estimation in the world; but I did see him do as gallant service. GOWER. What do you call him? FLUELLEN. He is 
, I know not what the matter is; but to my judgment your Highness is not entertain'd with that ceremonious affection as you were wont. There's a 
and hath such senses As we have, such. This gallant which thou seest Was in the wreck; and but he's something stain'd With gr
 thought that you were a common criminal, you may be sure of that. Be frank with me, and we may do some good. Pl
-abandon the case." MacDonald and White Mason stared in amazement at their celebrated colleague. "You consider it hopeless!" cried the inspector. "I cons
use that the coming danger was greater than the past. Was I right?" Barker beat his head with his clenched fist in his impotent an
miles on the far side of Winchester. It is the most lovely country, my dear young lady, and the dearest o
of being the first of us to find this out, and, as you say, it bears every mark of having been written by the other participant in 
ped upon the floor, but it sounded the same all over, and there was no sign of any crack or crevice. But fortunately, Musgrave, who had begu
il it is the good pleasure of the lodge to employ him." "Sure, that was what I meant; I'm in your hands," said McMurdo. "Your time will come, Brother," s
And reap the harvest which that rascal sow'd; For Humphrey being dead, as he shall be, And Henry put apart, the next for me. Exit SCENE II. Bury St. Edmunds. A room of 
them. In the instant came The fiery Tybalt, with his sword prepar'd; Which, as he breath'd defiance to my ears, He swung about his head and cut the winds, Who, nothing hurt withal, hiss'd h
riton of the minnows? Mark you His absolute 'shall'? COMINIUS. 'Twas from the canon. CORIOLANUS. 'Shall'! O good but most unwise patricians! Why, You grave but reckless senators, have 
e, I see the ruin of my house! The tiger now hath seiz'd the gentle hind; Insulting tyranny begins to jet Upon the innocent and aweless throne. Welcome, destruction,
urned up the time-table. The last had just gone. "Then we shall breakfast early and take the very first in the morning," said Holmes. "Our prese
ding and to serve the guns. It was impossible for us, therefore, to station a strong guard at every one of the innumerable gates. What we 
h! Exit, weeping, followed by BIANCA and others BAPTISTA. Go, girl, I cannot blame thee now to weep, For such an injury would vex a very saint; Much more a shrew
cret was within my grasp. As I approached the hut, walking as warily as Stapleton would do when with poised net he drew near 
a one of you but trusts a knave That mightily deceives you. BOTH. Do we, my lord? TIMON. Ay, and you hear him cog, see him d
aid that you contracted it down in the East End among the sailors." "I could only account for it so." "You are proud of your brains, Holmes, are you not? Think y
ill give you leave. KING. We came to visit you, and purpose now To lead you to our court; vouchsafe it then. PRINCESS OF FRANCE
ur, Live you the marble-breasted tyrant still; But this your minion, whom I know you love, And whom, by heaven I swear, I tender dearly, Him wi
pen door. He stood for an instant, and then he crept forward, crouching, menacing, into the room. He was within three yards of us, this sinister figure, and
and Yard. There had been difficulties of procedure in regard to the warrant. Some delay was inevitable. The magistrate's signature might not be obtained until next 
er again.' "'God forgive you!' cried Madame Charpentier, throwing up her hands and sinking back in her chair. 'You have murdered your brother.' "'Arthur would rather that we spoke the
her trim; the merry wind Blows fair from land; they stay for nought at an But for their owner, master, and yourself. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. How now! a madman? Why, thou
opinion as a judicious man--as a man of the world. I want to know what I ought to do next. I hope to God you'll be able to tell me." He spoke in little, sharp, jerky outbur
He opened the case, and there, imbedded in soft, flesh-coloured velvet, lay the magnificent piece of jeweller
E, attended; AEGEON, bareheaded; with the HEADSMAN and other OFFICERS DUKE. Yet once again proclaim it publicly, If
challenge of desert, Or we will plague thee with incessant wars. REIGNIER. [To CHARLES] My lord, you do not well in obstinacy To cavil in the course of this contra
 you make of it, Watson?" "A cipher message, Holmes." My companion gave a sudden chuckle of comprehension. "And not a ver
e is gone to save far off, Whilst others come to make him lose at home. Here am I left to underprop his land, Who, weak with age, cannot support myself. Now comes the sick hour that his surfeit 
ou- Where you may temper her by your persuasion To hate young Valentine and love my friend. PROTEUS. As much as I can do I will effec
 Messengers, Officers, Gentlemen, Musicians, and Attendants <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORL
gh you would seek t' unsphere the stars with oaths, Should yet say 'Sir, no going.' Verily, You shall no
 have her so bestow'd; For curious I cannot be with you, Signior Baptista, of whom I hear so well. BAPTISTA. Sir, pardon me in w
eel or at wild horses' heels; Or pile ten hills on the Tarpeian rock, That the precipitation might down stretch Below the beam of sight; yet will I still Be thus to them. FIRST PATRICIAN. You do t
 napping. I watched them late and early, but never saw the ghost of a chance; but I was not discouraged, for 
show thee all the treasure we have got; Which, with ourselves, all rest at thy dispose. Exeunt SCENE II. Milan. Outside
s motives and actions. But for the trained reasoner to admit such intrusions into his own delicate and finely adjusted temperament was 
 an ample and crushing revenge upon his old sweetheart, if he could give the impression that he had been murdered by her only child. It was a masterpiece of villainy, and he carried it out lik
'd beach, and can we not Partition make with spectacles so precious 'Twixt fair and foul? IMOGEN. What makes your admiration? IA
so strong and fortunate as I. It was myself, my brother, and his son That brought you home and boldly did outdare The dangers of the time. You swore to us, And
e of Lear and him That ever ear receiv'd; which in recounting His grief grew puissant, and the strings of life Began to crack. Twice then th
awn brows and keen face that his mind, like my own, was busy in endeavouring to frame some scheme into which all these strange and apparently disconnected episodes could be
ck Holmes and myself to spend some weeks in one of our great University towns, and it was during this time that the small but instructive adventure w
er master and mistress in furious altercation. She knocked without receiving any answer, and even turned the handle, bu
grandsire and my father sat? No; first shall war unpeople this my realm; Ay, and their colours, often borne in France, And now in England to our heart's grea
 as cruel and selfish and heartless a trick in a petty way as ever came before me. Now, let me just run over the course of 
is chair, and walking over to a bureau at the side, he unlocked it and drew out one of the drawers. From this he took a pap
self free and was able to spring into a hansom and drive to Baker Street, half afraid that I might be too late to assist at the dénouement of the little mystery. I found Sherlock Holmes alone, 
back very bent, and something like a box slung over one of his shoulders. He appeared to be deformed, for he carried his head low and walked with his knees bent. We were passing h
 departed for Paris; and when he followed them there he learned that they had just set off for Copenhagen. At the Danish capital he was again a few days
conscious for a few minutes, for when I came to myself I found that they had torn down the bell-rope and had secured me tightly to the oaken chair which stands at
e was but for an instant, however, for the younger man seized the woman and pushed her out of the room, while the elder easily overpowered his emacia
ce counts for nothing, since in that extraordinary household any member of it might be invisible for a week. And yet she may at the present momen
e. Those, for their parents were exceeding poor, I bought, and brought up to attend my sons. My wife, not meanly proud of two such boys, Made daily motions for our 
l article herein redress'd, All members of our cause, both here and hence, That are insinewed to this action, Acquitted by a true substantial form, And prese
ut swayed his body and plucked at his hair like one who has been driven to the extreme limits of his reason. Then, suddenly springing to his feet, he beat
 down and his hand thrust into the breast of his frock-coat, a picture of offended dignity. The lady had taken a quick
hands. It is the Lady Eva Brackwell, the most beautiful debutante of last season. She is to be married in a fortnight to the Earl of Dovercourt. This fiend has
rth, I'll make you The Queen of Naples. PROSPERO. Soft, Sir! one word more. [Aside] They are both in either's pow'rs; but this swift busines I must uneasy make, lest too light w
ischarg'd me with these words: 'Tell him from me that he hath done me wrong; And therefore I'll uncrown him ere't be long.' KING EDWARD. Ha! durst the traitor bre
rly hours of a case are the precious ones, as no man knows better than your own self. But--but--" The inspector had stopped suddenly, and was staring with a look of absolute a
ll before our time," said our client. "He only comes there to see me, apparently, for the place is deserted up 
and truly she deserves it; for if there be a kind woman in Windsor, she is one. You must send her your page; no remedy. FALSTAFF. Why, I
y half o' th' kingdom hast thou not forgot, Wherein I thee endow'd. Reg. Good sir, to th' purpose. Tucket within. Lear. 
ance from the Carlton, and, cautioning me not to speak, he led the way into the hall. Through the glass paneling I caught a glimpse of a large and luxurious room, in which a conside
 touch of the artist wells up within me, and calls insistently for a well-staged performance. Surely our profession, Mr. Mac, would be a drab and sordid one if we did not sometimes set the scene s
card upon the bird's leg." "You have an answer to everything. But how on earth do you deduce that the gas is no
gennis as the culprit." "Then his own death was suicide!" "Well, Watson, it is on the face of it a not impossible supposition. The man who had the gui
to a halt the coffin, supported by three men, appeared on the threshold. Holmes darted forward and barred their way. "Take it back!" he cried, laying his
rnatural, the other driven to his end in his wild flight to escape from it. But now we have to prove the connection be
d through the passes, and was already deep in the enemy's country. I followed, however, with many other office
ere not I thine only nurse, I would say thou hadst suck'd wisdom from thy teat. Wife. Well, think of marriage now. Younger t
unds.' "I was a bit staggered at this, for I had imagined it was simply a new dress or something of the kind that sh
Thanks to you all, and leave us. Fare you well. Claud. Good morrow, masters. Each his several way. Pedro. Come, let us hence and put on other weeds, And then to Leonato
u, And to your heirs forever- common pleasures, To walk abroad and recreate yourselves. Here was a Caesar! When comes such another? FIRST CIT
remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade instead of ruby red. In spite of its youth, it has already a sinister hi
ates, Make the sea serve them, which they ear and wound With keels of every kind. Many hot inroads They make in Italy; the borders maritime Lack blood to think on't, and flush youth revolt. No ve
difference to my admiration and to the attempts which I had made to give publicity to his methods. I was proud, too, t
hilles sleep. Light boats sail swift, though greater hulks draw deep. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIB
m Hero; they seem to pity the lady. It seems her affections have their full bent. Love me? Why, it must be requited. I hear how I am censur'd. They say I 
k professional chambers in Victoria Street. "I suppose that everyone finds his first independent start in business a dreary experience. To me it has been exceptional
ding green of the woods. Far away, a black dot, we could see a vehicle moving in our direction. Holmes gave an exclamation of impatience. "I had given a margin of half an hour," said he. "If that is
minion, could not be so cruel to me as you, O the dearest of creatures, would even renew me with your eyes. Take notice that I am in C
act that screw was not used. This bottle was opened by a pocket-screw, probably contained in a knife, and not 
 nose. "It is a question of cubic capacity," said he; "a man with so large a brain must have something in it." "The decline of his fortunes, then?" "This hat is three years old. These flat brims
 Enter the DUKE OF FLORENCE, BERTRAM, PAROLLES, SOLDIERS, drum and trumpets DUKE. The General of our Horse thou art; and we, Great in our hope, lay our best love and credence Upon thy promising f
 To fierce and bloody inclination. LEWIS. There end thy brave, and turn thy face in peace; We grant thou canst outscold us. Fare thee well; We hold our time too precious to be spent With such a br
r judgment and discretion. I have determined, therefore, to call upon you and to consult you in reference to the very painful event which has occurred 
ounded arm and kiss'd his lips; And so, espous'd to death, with blood he seal'd A testament of noble-ending love. The pretty and sweet manner of it forc'd Those waters from me which I wo
his beauty and strength and energy--so my father forbade the match. We fled together, were married at Bar
ighted up, and the whole household in a state of wild confusion and alarm. The white-faced servants were huddling together in the hall, wi
me across, and then I came here where the soldiers are, for I know their ways and how to amuse them and so earn enough to keep me." "Your narrative is most interesting," said Sherlock Holmes. "I ha
looking on fairest of fair. Methought all his senses were lock'd in his eye, As jewels in crystal for some prince to
or I am in haste. DUCHESS. Art thou so hasty? I have stay'd for thee, God knows, in torment and in agony
s, entreat her hear me but a word. DEMETRIUS. Listen, fair madam: let it be your glory To see her tears
areless in his habits, and with no need to practise economy." My friend threw out the information in a very offhand way, but I saw that he cocked his eye at me to see if I h
ence, with his head sunk forward and his eyes bent upon the red glow of the fire. Then he lit his pipe, and leaning back in his chair he watched the blue smoke-rings as they chased each other
ed upon my mind. "We thought that it was probably you, as your friendship with Mr. Sherlock Holmes is so well known. Would you mind coming over and speaking to Mrs. Doug
ot to turn out to-night," said Holmes, laying aside his lens and rolling up the palimpsest. "I've done enough for one sitting. It is trying work for the eyes. So far as I can make out i
 to blood, self against self. O, preposterous And frantic outrage, end thy damned spleen, Or let me die, to look o
en imitate the action of the tiger: Stiffen the sinews, summon up the blood, Disguise fair nature with hard-favour'd rage; Then lend the eye a terrible aspect; Let it pry through t
ng in with the air of one who is the master. He was a handsome, dashing young man of about the same age and build as McMurdo himself. Under his broad-brimmed black felt hat, which he
can repair the consequences of my own blunder." We had sprung into the dog-cart, and Holmes, after tur
first that the cottage was occupied. I should have waited for the morning, but I could not sleep for excitement, and so at
d Mangles, the dealers in Fulham Road. It was the strongest and most savage in their possession. He brought it down by the North Devon line and walked a great d
l times to the gentlemen from Scotland Yard, but he simply laughs at me. I have not an enemy in the world, as far as I know, so why shou
 papers in the hope of seeing it among the articles found. His eye, of course, would light upon this
e them. At the head of the column there rode a score or more of grave ironfaced men, clad in sombre homespun garments and armed with rifles. On reaching the bas
ree during the interview between the father and son. He had even smoked there. I found the ash of a cigar, which my special knowledge of tobacco ashes en
igating in the most sympathetic and inefficient manner the circumstances of my death. "At last, when you had all formed your inevitable an
 gone, and the outlying farmers sleep the better in consequence. We are four able-bodied men in this household, so that we could 
e. I claim the right to examine that parcel before you pick the money up." The American passed it over without a word. V
g up above the slates, like brick islands in a lead-colored sea." "The board-schools." "Light-houses, my boy! Beacons of the future! Capsules with hundreds of bright l
 deep into the wall. Do you imagine that this anaemic youth was capable of so frightful an assault? Is he the man who hobnobbed in rum and water with 
falling on the waves showed us where the vessel had foundered; but there was no sign of life, and we had turned away in despai
yards from them. At last I saw them hire a boat and start for a row, for it was a very hot day, and they thought, no do
st thou to this? MOWBRAY. O, let my sovereign turn away his face And bid his ears a little while be deaf, Till I have told this slander of his blood How God and good men hate so f
ce that on you in a shameful cunning Which you knew none of yours. What might you think? Have you not set mine hono
' aspic leaves Upon the caves of Nile. CAESAR. Most probable That so she died; for her physician tells me She hath pursu'd conclusions infinite Of easy ways to
 have found it hard to believe it themselves or persuade other people of it, had it not been for the undeniable fact that the circle
e insinewed to this action, Acquitted by a true substantial form, And present execution of our wills To us and to our purposes confin'd- We come within our awful banks again, 
ing vulture of thy mind By working wreakful vengeance on thy foes. Come down and welcome me to this world's light; Confer with me of murder and of death; There's not a hollow cave or lurking-plac
r reverence to some alive, I give a sparing limit to my tongue. Then, good my lord, take to your royal self This proffer'd benefit of dignity; If not to bless us and the land witha
cious place where thee he got Cost him his eyes. Edm. Th' hast spoken right; 'tis true. The wheel is come full circle; I am here. Alb. Methought thy very gait did
e not to reason; And touching now the point of human skill, Reason becomes the marshal to my will, And leads me to your eyes, where I o'erlook Love's stories, written in L
everal times in the next few days I saw him take his slip of paper from his note-book and look long and earnestly at the curious figures in
der heir might bear his memory: But thou contracted to thine own bright eyes, Feed'st thy light's flame with self-substantial fuel, Making a famine where abundan
arth dwelling. 'To her let us garlands bring. HOST. How now, are you sadder than you were before? How do you, man? The music likes you not. JULIA. You mistake; the mu
ts, they would do that Which should undo more doing. Ay, and thou, His cupbearer- whom I from meaner fo
e waiting-room had, for some unknown reason, while I was busy with the other, ascended to the room of my resident patient. Nothing has been touched or taken, but there were the footprint
e found out of this horrible affair." "Pray compose yourself, sir," said Holmes, "and let me have a clear account of who you are and what it is that has befallen you." "My name," answered our visitor
a woman. At the same instant there was a heavy thud, which shook the old house, and then all was silence. The maid stood petrified for a 
HAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1601 AS YOU LIKE IT by William Shakespeare DRAMATIS PERSONAE. DUKE, living in exile FREDERICK, his brother, and us
et Mistress Margaret, deserve well at my hands by helping me to the speech of Beatrice. Marg. Will you then write me a sonnet in pr
uteous lady Thisby is certain. This man, with lime and rough-cast, doth present Wall, that vile Wall which did thes
avily back, and a short, deep-chested man stood in the opening, with the yellow light of the lantern shining upon his protruded face and t
er me, Sing and dance it trippingly. TITANIA. First, rehearse your song by rote, To each word a warbling note; Hand in hand, with fairy grace, Will we sing, and bless this place
there rest, and let me die. She stabs herself and falls [on Romeo's body]. Enter [Paris's] Boy and Watch. Boy. This is the place. Th
, No. 2704, and then we will drop into one of the Bond Street picture galleries and fill in the time until we are due at the hotel." CHAPTER V Three Broken 
here lies a downy feather which stirs not. Did he suspire, that light and weightless down Perforce must move. My gracious lord! my father! This sleep is sound indeed; this i
 in silence for some time, with the letter in his listless hands. The mist had lifted for a moment, and there was the abyss before him. "Does anyone else know of this?" he asked. 
h horror at his appearance. He was deadly pale and terribly emaciated, with the protruding, brilliant eyes of a man whose spirit was greater than his strength. But wh
fective. At his command she consented to pass as his sister, though he found the limits of his power o
he loungers in the other, while a number of better-dressed people, who had watched the scuffle without taking part in it, crowded in to h
? Jul. I'll look to like, if looking liking move; But no more deep will I endart mine eye Than your consent gives strength to make it fly. Enter Servingman. Serv. Madam, the guests are 
 problem of the Speckled Band. There was a church-clock down at Woking which struck the quarters, and I thought more than once that it had stopped. At last howeve
een down to the Union House and registered your name the first morning after you came here! If you run against him--well, you mustn't, that's all!" McMurdo showed mild s
t confounds the breather. He should have liv'd, Save that his riotous youth, with dangerous sense, Might in the times to come
es. Look in the chronicles: we came in with Richard Conqueror. Therefore, paucas pallabris; let the world slide. Sessa! HOSTESS. You will not pay for the glasses you have b
hair, "that the cares of medical practice have not entirely obliterated the interest which you used to tak
the roof of the carriages. Holmes softly closed the window. "So far we are justified," said he. "What do you th
 Item: That the duchy of Anjou and the county of Maine shall be released and delivered to the King her fat
like; hence the fanciful name given by a botanical missionary. It is used as an ordeal poison by the medicine-men in certain districts of West Africa and is k
oked ahead, the gleam of metal caught my eye from amid the thick gorse bushes. Out of them we dragged a bicycle, Palmer-tyred, one pedal bent, a
 dived down the hole, and I heard the sound of rending cloth as Jones clutched at his skirts. The light flashed upon t
ire who has the honour to be the first?" asked Holmes with some asperity. "To the man of precisely scientific mind the work of Monsieur Bertillon must always appeal strongly."
plunge into the matter without further preamble. I was a happy and successful man, Mr. Holmes, and on the eve of being married, when a sudden and dreadful misfortune wrecked all 
retire into the modern billiard-room and smoke a cigarette. "My word, it isn't a very cheerful place," said Sir Henry. "I suppose one can tone down to it, but I feel a bit out of the pi
well We let the people know't. MENENIUS. What, what? his choler? CORIOLANUS. Choler! Were I as patient as the midnight sleep, By Jove, '
e lodge for the shooting of old man Crabbe over at Stylestown, and who's to say which fired the bullet?" McMurdo rose in his place and rais
eaviest and the worst Is your displeasure with the King. WOLSEY. God bless him! CROMWELL. The next is that Sir Thomas More is chosen Lord 
eginning of the wet season. Brown, heavy clouds were drifting across the sky, and it was hard to see more than a stone-cast. A
 carper. Be thou a flatterer now, and seek to thrive By that which has undone thee: hinge thy knee, And let his very breath whom thou'l
est Against thy deity. BROTHERS. Help, Jupiter! or we appeal, And from thy justice fly. JUPITER descends-in thunder 
t once." It was no easy task to move Von Bork, for he was a strong and a desperate man. Finally, holding either arm, the two friends walked him very slowly down the garden walk which he had trod w
ford Street we picked up a hansom and drove to an address in Hampstead. Here we paid off our cab, and with our great-coats buttoned up, for it was bitterly cold and the
 I'll leave you to confer of home affairs; When you have done we look to hear from you. PROTEUS. We'll both attend upon your ladyship. Exeunt SILVIA and THURIO VALENTINE. Now, tell me, how do all f
ching terms, As curst, as harsh, and horrible to hear, Deliver'd strongly through my fixed teeth, With full as many signs of deadly hate, As lean-fac'd Envy in her l
OLD ATHENIAN. Three talents on the present; in future, all. TIMON. This gentleman of mine hath serv'd me long;. To build his fortune I will strain a little, For 'tis a bond in men. Give h
r is now undoubtedly forcing the pace? There can be no doubt of it. Look at this impression, where you get both tyres clear. The one is as deep as the other. That c
clients." Again I had an opportunity of asking him a point blank question, and again my delicacy prevented me from forcing another 
ck, lethargies, cold palsies, raw eyes, dirt-rotten livers, wheezing lungs, bladders full of imposthume, sciaticas, limekilns i' th' palm, incurable bone-ache, and 
lse a hovering temporizer that Canst with thine eyes at once see good and evil, Inclining to them both. Were my wife's liver Infected as her life, she would
bonniest, brightest little blue egg that ever was seen. I have it here in my museum." Our visitor staggered to his feet and clutched the mantelpiece with his right hand. Holmes unlocked hi
 in grace as you, So hung upon with love, so fortunate, But miserable most, to love unlov'd? This you should pity rather than despise. HERMIA. I under
ins of lead, And hews down oaks with rushes. Hang ye! Trust ye? With every minute you do change a mind And call him noble that was now your hate, Him vile t
pable. Enter Cornwall, Regan, and Attendants. Corn. How now, my noble friend? Since I came hither (Which I can call but now) I have heard strange news.
 existence." THE ADVENTURE OF THE NOBLE BACHELOR The Lord St. Simon marriage, and its curious termination, have long ceased to be a subject of interest in those 
 of the war, The soldier's pole is fall'n! Young boys and girls Are level now with men. The odds is gone, And there is n
though I ran all over the grounds. And yet the amazing thing is that he must have been there all the time, for when I examined the door again in the morning he had scrawled some more of his 
u a kingdom; all of you allegiance. This sorrow that I have by right is yours; And all the pleasures you usurp are mine. GLOUCESTER. The curse my nob
 little pomp and ceremony now. Might I ask you, Watson, to open that window, and then to put a match to the edge of the
ur greatness and this noble state To call upon him; he hopes it is no other But for your health and you
ill we, sir! and we'll be waited on. Exeunt TITUS, LAVINIA, and YOUNG LUCIUS MARCUS. O heavens, can you h
h shall live free, and sickness freely die. KING. Upon thy certainty and confidence What dar'st thou venture? HELENA. Tax of impudence, A strumpet's boldness, a divulged sha
nything most hard As seek to soften that- than which what's harder?- His jewish heart. Therefore, I do beseech you, Make no
m way; cross him in nothing. CLEOPATRA. Thou teachest like a fool- the way to lose him. CHARMIAN. Tempt him not 
hing more of him than I have learned from meeting him occasionally in the laboratory. You proposed this arrangement, so you must not
ot blood are his counsellors When means and lavish manners meet together, O, with what wings shall his affections fly Towar
ne wild into his grave, For in his tomb lie my affections; And with his spirits sadly I survive, To mock the expec
ghter-house, his subjects slain, His statutes cancell'd, and his treasure spent; And yonder is the wolf
d. As I came in he gave quite a jump in his chair and turned quickly to Miss Stoper. "'That will do,' said he; 'I could not ask for
d, and turns our swords In our own proper entrails. Low alarums. CATO. Brave Titinius! Look whe'er he have not crown'd dead Cassius! BRUTUS. Are yet two Romans living su
ederate with the Queen and her two sons; And what not done, that thou hast cause to rue, Wherein I had no stroke of mischief in it? I play'd the cheater for thy father's
des, I heard the banish'd Norfolk say That thou, Aumerle, didst send two of thy men To execute the noble Duke at Calais. AUMERLE. Some honest Christian trust me with 
drove one of the birds--a fine big one, white, with a barred tail. I caught it, and prying its bill open, I thrust the stone down its throat as far as my fi
and, save in the case of the Duke of Holdernesse, I have seldom known him claim any large reward for his inestimable services. So unw
 But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation. That is why I have chosen my own particular profession,--or rather created it, for I am the only one in the world
 right up to the desk to do it. But why should any criminal wish to ring the bell? It is a most insoluble mystery." "Certainly the incident was unusual. Wh
r souls upon the evening before. "I guess it is ourselves and not the house that we have to blame!" said the ba
. I followed the footsteps down the Yew Alley, I saw the spot at the moor-gate where he seemed to have waite
of a fall in the fog?" "I fear not, Mr. Holmes. The train has been broken up before now, and the carri
ch-box, took the paper, and conveyed it to Godolphin Street." "What happened there, madam?" "I tapped at the door as agr
ntleman with the wig ought to be a Reynolds. They are all family portraits, I presume?" "Every one." "Do you know the names?" "Barrymore has been coaching me in th
ert best set thy lower part where thy nose stands. By mine honour, if I were but two hours younger, I'd beat thee. Methink'st thou art a general offence
 were worthy to be judge, Be quite degraded, like a hedge-born swain That doth presume to boast of gentle blood. KING HENRY. Stain to thy countrymen, thou hear'st thy doom. Be packing, the
' "I gave it to him, and her read it over very carefully. "'You seem to have made a vast impression upon my brother Arthur,' said he; 'and I know that he is a pretty shr
s it for him you do envy me so? Nay, then you jest; and now I well perceive You have but jested with me al
! Lady. Out, you mad-headed ape! A weasel hath not such a deal of spleen As you are toss'd with. In faith, I'll know your business, Harry; that I will! I fear my brother Mortimer doth 
ESSICA. Nay, you need nor fear us, Lorenzo; Launcelot and I are out; he tells me flatly there's no mercy for me in heaven, because I am a Jew's daughter; and he says you are no good member of the
DER. My lord, I shall reply amazedly, Half sleep, half waking; but as yet, I swear, I cannot truly say how I came here, B
vering voice. "I have a pistol," it cried. "I give you my word that I'll fire if you come any nearer." "This really grows outrageous, Mr. Blessingt
 case. The man was seen." "Ah!" "Yes, sir. But he was off like a deer after the shot that killed poor William Kirwan wa
 Should grace the triumph of great Bolingbroke? Gard'ner, for telling me these news of woe, Pray God the pl
 finds us only in the second chapter, the length of the first one must have been really intolerable." "Column!" I cried. "Brilliant, Watson. You
wing hard upon the footsteps of our friend. So paralyzed were we by the apparition that we allowed him to pass bef
 must have done so, when his eye fell upon an object which made every nerve of his body tingle within him. A little way on one side of the camp was a low-lying heap of
ouse together." "To Mr. Cunningham's?" "Yes, sir." "What for?" The Inspector shrugged his shoulders. "I don't quite kn
I, "how terms of what in another man I should call laziness alternate with your fits of splendid energy and vigor." "Yes," he answered, 
imself." "But he wrote it in your presence?" "Yes, sir. I was standing by the door, and he with his back turned at that table. When he had written it he said, 'All right, porter, I will take this m
by His Majesty I swear, Whose far unworthy deputy I am, He shall not breathe infection in this air But three days longer, on the pain of dea
EL. Arm! arm! The enemy doth make assault. The French leap o'er the walls in their shirts. Enter, several ways, BASTARD, ALENCON
e my Lysander and myself shall meet; And thence from Athens turn away our eyes, To seek new friends and stranger companies. Farewell, sweet playfellow; pray thou for us, A
reat nobleman and statesman whose wife she had been. My eyes met those of Holmes, and he put his finger to his lips as we turned away from the window. THE ADVENTURE OF THE SIX NAPOLEONS It was 
OYET. A light for Monsieur Judas! It grows dark, he may stumble. [HOLOFERNES retires] PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Alas, poor Maccabaeus, how hath he been baited! Enter ARMADO, for HECTOR B
, Requite him for your father. Laer. I will do't! And for that purpose I'll anoint my sword. I bought an un
trade rose in his triumph and bent his head to look. "Why," he shrieked, "you're looking at the wrong side!" "On the contrary, this is the rig
's not a weak man in the lodge," cried McGinty. "True as steel, every man of them. And yet, by the Lord! there is that skunk Morris. What about him? If any man
them; To sort our nobles from our common men; For many of our princes- woe the while!- Lie drown'd and soak'd in mercenary blood; So do our vulgar drench
evidence that the Douglases were very attached to each other." "That, I am sure, cannot he true." said I, thinking of the beautifu
horses in for the Wessex Cup--Silver Blaze and Bayard. Let me have the straight tip and you won't be a loser. 
 dismal walk, the Yew Alley, between two high walls of clipped hedge, with a narrow band of grass upon either side. At the far end is an ol
preme gift of the artist, the knowledge of when to stop. He wished to improve that which was already perfect--to draw the rope tighter yet round the neck of his unfortunate victim--a
boulder until the child fell asleep, nestling upon the broad breast of her protector. He watched over her slumber for s
nt to command the captain and all the rest from their functions: they put forth to steal. There's not a soldier of us a
right a name) the daughter of a yeoman who held lands near the Baskerville estate. But the young maiden, being discreet and of good repute, would ever avoid him, for she feared
gested, "that the incised wound upon Straker may have been caused by his own knife in the convulsive str
t I mind that the lamp was turned on my face." "It would be. Did you happen to observe a picture over the professor's head?" "I don't miss much, Mr. Holmes. Maybe I le
t window upon the left of the door there peeped a glimmer of a feeble light. "There's a constable in possession," said Bayn
oft proclaims the man, And they in France of the best rank and station Are most select and generous, chief in that. Neit
would not tax the needy commons, Have I dispursed to the garrisons, And never ask'd for restitution. CARDINAL. It serves you well, my l
 and show you the road. I'm passing Shafter's on the way to my own shack." There was a chorus of friendly "Good-nights" from the other mi
 two miles on the south side of Esher. The house was a fair-sized one, standing back from the road, with a curving
hen examining the trough. By its light I saw that the black ceiling was coming down upon me, slowly, jerkily, but, as none knew better than myself, with a force which must within a minute grind 
 John Mitton, the valet of the deceased. The coroner's jury brought in the obvious "Wilful Murder," but the parties rema
ed opium upon the very night when a dish happened to be served which would disguise the flavor. That is unthinkable. Therefore Simpson becomes elimin
er man seized the woman and pushed her out of the room, while the elder easily overpowered his emaciated victim, and dragged him away through the other door. For a moment I 
s drawers. As to his relations with women, they appeared to have been promiscuous but superficial. He had many acquaintances among them, but few friends, and no one whom he loved. 
d Holmes, who was recovering his good-humour as his attention became more engrossed by the case. "Fortune has been your friend." "This was not all. I have a new writ
ell on Before you had worn it out. CORIOLANUS. Let go. VOLUMNIA. You might have been enough the man you are With striving less to be so;
y, it's Beppo. He was a kind of Italian piece-work man, who made himself useful in the shop. He could carve a bit
understand that all the other clothes were found in the room. Would the body be dressed in a coat alone?" "No, sir, but the facts might be m
OS. Why, there then! Thus do I escape the sorrow Of Antony's death. [Kills himself ANTONY. Thrice nobler than myself! Thou teachest m
e. It shall be therefore bootless That longer you desire the court, as well For your own quiet as to rectify What is unsettled in the King. CAMPEIUS. His Gr
 Comes through commissions, which compels from each The sixth part of his substance, to be levied Without delay; and the pretence for this Is nam'd your wars in France. This mak
 is a myth. There is not, and there never has been, any such person." Lestrade looked sadly at my companion. T
This is my doing. FENTON. I thank thee; and I pray thee, once to-night Give my sweet Nan this ring. There's for thy pains. QUICKLY. Now Heaven send thee good fort
o and get me some repast; I care not what, so it be wholesome food. GRUMIO. What say you to a neat's foot? KATHERINA. 'Tis passing good
he eaves. That is how he did it." "But it is impossible," said Miss Hunter; "the ladder was not there when the Rucastles went away." "He has come back and done it. I te
GAUNT, with other NOBLES and attendants KING RICHARD. Old John of Gaunt, time-honoured Lancaster, Hast thou, according to thy oath and band, Brought hither Henry Hereford, thy bold son, 
els to my end; And as the long divorce of steel falls on me Make of your prayers one sweet sacrifice, And lift my soul to heaven. Lead on, a
han Hector is. The wound of peace is surety, Surety secure; but modest doubt is call'd The beacon of the
given two taps and Oberstein had come to the door. The young man rushed up and demanded to know what we were
e ripe revenue and due of birth, Yet so much is my poverty of spirit, So mighty and so many my defects, That I would rather hide me from my greatness- Being a bark to bro
t, grave face, and tinting with a dull, metallic sparkle the rich coils of her luxuriant hair. One white arm and hand
ward, Macduff, and their Army, with boughs. Drum and colors. MALCOLM. Now near enough; your leavy screens throw down, And show like those you are. You, worthy uncle, Shall with
urned together down the path. "It is a wonderful place, the moor," said he, looking round over the undulating downs, long green rollers, with crests of jagged granite foaming up into fantastic surge
little western flower, Before milk-white, now purple with love's wound, And maidens call it Love-in-idleness. Fetch me that flow
 blade devised for very delicate work. A strange thing for a man to carry with him upon a rough expedition, especially as it would not shut in his pocket." "The tip wa
 heard after I had returned to my room might mean that he had gone out to keep some clandestine appointment. So I reasoned with myself in the mo
uld never have had you in my house if I had known it--not if you vere to pay me a hundred dollar a week." "W
 don't believe he will ever come back. He was a sportsman, was Godfrey, down to his marrow, and he wouldn't have
 frank'd up in hold; If I revolt, off goes young George's head; The fear of that holds off my present aid. So, g
t for a walk,' she answered. "My mind was instantly filled with suspicion. I rushed upstairs to make sure that she was not in the house. As I did so I happened to glance out of one of t
 mistress when she walks treads on the ground. And yet by heaven I think my love as rare, As any she belied with false compare. 131 Thou art as tyrannous, s
us- Of Corinth that, of Epidaurus this. But ere they came-O, let me say no more! Gather the sequel by that went before. DUKE. Nay, forward, old man, do not break 
s wand'ring to the Tower, On pure heart's love, to greet the tender Princes. Daughter, well met. ANNE. God give your Graces both A happy and a jo
sted figure at the bottom. Why so large a coffin for so small a body? To leave room for another body. Both would be buried under the one certificate. It had all been so cle
 tiger-spring, the dying man had intercepted me. I heard the sharp snap of a twisted key. The next moment he had staggered back to 
 would emulate the diamond; thou hast the right arched beauty of the brow that becomes the ship-tire, the tire-
umbers through the dark ravines, and picks up such sustenance as it can amongst the rocks. These are the sole dwellers in the
so securely on the excellency of her honour that the folly of my soul dares not present itself; she is too bright to be look'd against. Now, cou
at seems to be the finish. He has withdrawn form the window. What do you make of it, Watson?" "A cipher message, Holm
is fate be not the glory, A thousand complete courses of the sun! But in mine emulous honour let him die With every joint a wound, and that to-morrow! AENEAS. We know each other well. DIOMEDES.We d
te, Quite from the main opinion he held once Of fantasy, of dreams, and ceremonies. It may be these apparent prodigies, The unaccustom'd terror of this night, And the persuasion of his augure
 man here upon the same errand." "Did he give a name?" I asked. "None; but he was an Englishman, though of an unusual type." "A savage?" said I, linking my facts after the fashion of my i
 sir. She took them, read them in my presence, And now and then an ample tear trill'd down Her delicate cheek. It seem'd she
ence! But what thou art, God, thou, and I, do know; And all too soon, I fear, the King shall rue. Farewell, my 
ome not by the way of accusation To taint that honour every good tongue blesses, Nor to betray you any way to sorrow- You have too much,
ERINE. La main, de hand; les doigts, de fingres. Je pense que je suis le bon ecolier; j'ai gagne deux mots d'Anglais vitement. Com
Beat. No, sure, my lord, my mother cried; but then there was a star danc'd, and under that was I born. Cousins, God give you joy! Leon. Niece, will you look to t
r enemy. TITINIUS. I will be here again, even with a thought. Exit. CASSIUS. Go, Pindarus, get higher on that hill; My sight was ever thick; regard
eir manners are so apish. Lear. When were you wont to be so full of songs, sirrah? Fool. I have us'd it, n
y daughter gone to Friar Laurence? Nurse. Ay, forsooth. Cap. Well, be may chance to do some good on her. A peevish self-will'd harlotry it is. Enter J
 gods will give us Some faults to make us men. Caesar is touch'd. MAECENAS. When such a spacious mirror's set before
rce of character, he established a large practice. In a fit of anger, however, caused by some robberies which had
st Out of thy sleep. What is it thou didst say? This is a strange repose, to be asleep With eyes wide op
he remarked, 'that when I recover from these attacks my mind is always very clouded as to all that has gone before. I woke up in a strange room, as it seemed to me, and made
past my praise, And therefore art enforced to seek anew, Some fresher stamp of the time-bettering days. And do so love, yet when they have devised, What
o get the land. But once he slander'd me with bastardy; But whe'er I be as true begot or no, That still I lay upon my moth
e still mark me and do as I do? When didst thou see me heave up my leg and make water against a gentlewoman's fa
corps of clerks and merchants had been formed, and this I joined, wooden leg and all. We went out to meet the rebels at Shahgunge early in Jul
is invigorating and pleasant, so I propose to spend a few days upon your moors, and to occupy my mind as best
 know what turn events might take afterwards. Thank you, Mr. Sandeford; here is your money, and I wish you a very good evening." When our 
drinks, against her lips I bob, And on her withered dewlap pour the ale. The wisest aunt, telling the saddest
lippers had cut her out. She was a five-hundred-ton boat; and besides her thirty-eight jail-birds, she carried twenty-six of a crew, eighteen soldiers, a captain, three mates, a doctor, a chaplain, 
 head sunk upon his breast, while he looked with his keen, twinkling eyes at the box which had been the cause of his ill-doings. It se
ainting imitate his cheek, And steal dead seeming of his living hue? Why should poor beauty indirectly seek, Roses of shadow, s
ontrary, he put his fingertips together and leaned his elbows on the arms of his chair, like one who has a relish for convers
 some houses in the Brixton Road had dropped the key of one of them in my carriage. It was claimed that sa
it one way, for the Prince hath got your Hero. Claud. I wish him joy of her. Bene. Why, that's spoken like an honest drovier. So they sell bullocks. But did you think the 
elow us against the black rocks, and listening to the half-human shout which came booming up with the spr
the water where the brook is deep, And in his simple show he harbours treason. The fox barks not when he would steal the lamb. No, no, my sovereign, Gloucester is a man Unsounded yet, and 
ar was blocking the country lane as it waited to waft its owner back to London. "So far as I can judge the trend of events, you will probably be 
 to England For the demand of our neglected tribute. Haply the seas, and countries different, With va
nvy at- Ye blew the fire that burns ye. Now have at ye! Enter the KING frowning on them; he takes his seat GARDINER. Dread sovereign, how much are we bound to 
ike a forester, the groves may tread Even till the eastern gate, all fiery red, Opening on Neptune with fair blessed b
ficient to mark the house even had Miss Hunter not been standing smiling on the door-step. "Have you managed it?
onception as to the motives of the crime. It is, as I gather from your original remarks, an inexplicable, or at lea
th a soft lead; the outer colour was dark blue, the maker's name was printed in silver lettering, and the piece remaining is only about an inch and a half long. Look for such a penc
vigorously upon the pavement with his stick two or three times, he went up to the door and knocked. It was instantly opened by a bright-looking, clean-shaven young fellow, who asked him
, so as to make the simultaneous discharge more destructive. The country policeman was unnerved and troubled by the tremendous responsibility which h
Leave me and do the thing I bid thee do. Hast thou no letters to me from the friar? Man. No, my good lord. Ro
g our way among the trees, we reached the lawn, crossed it, and were about to enter through the windo
h he had traced the various windings of this complex case, and, though I could not yet perceive the goal which we would reac
hite faces into the village. Within an hour I was on the spot and had taken over the case. "Well, I have fairly s
in it? How came the woman's ring there? Above all, why should the second man write up the German word RACHE before decamping? I confe
ad. SALERIO. My wind, cooling my broth, Would blow me to an ague when I thought What harm a wind too gre
mong ourselves, without any interference. Nothing would annoy Brother Bartholomew more than any publicity." He sat down upon a low settee and blinked at us inquiringly with his we
three hundred a year. I had confidence, however, in my own youth and energy, and was convinced that in a very few years the c
all went except you and me. Then I thought there was some chance of water in this direction, so I heaved you over my shoulder and we tramped it tog
. You there, if you please, Soames! Watson, you here! I'll take the arm-chair in the middle. I think that we are now sufficien
e same instant?" "I am sure I couldn't say, sir." "I believe that it was undoubtedly so. I rather think, Inspector Martin, tha
of you; be gone. My treasure's in the harbour, take it. O, I follow'd that I blush to look upon. My very hairs do mutiny; for the white Reprove the brown for rashness, 
ount for it?" "They shuffled and lied--said that they found it on the moor on Tuesday morning. They know where he is, the rascals! Thank goodness, 
ny little reputation which I possess. I will stake it all on the fact that your story is an absolute fabrication." Mis
ome, Watson! And you, Lestrade, could you favour us with your company for an hour or two? We will begin our investigation by a visit to Aldgate Station. Good-by
. When I do name him, let it be thy part To praise him more than ever man did merit. My talk to thee must be how Benedick Is sick in love with Beatrice. Of this matter Is little Cupid's crafty a
urope. I deserve to be kicked from here to Charing Cross. But I think I have the key of the affair now." "And where is it?" I asked, smiling. "In the bathroom," he answered. "Oh, yes, I am 
 be very glad of your company. If you will call a four-wheeler, Hopkins, we shall be ready to start for Forest Row in a quarter 
e. Or if they sing, 'tis with so dull a cheer, That leaves look pale, dreading the winter's near. 98 From you have I been absent in the spring, When proud-pied April (dressed 
uman agent we could get some evidence, but if we were to drag this great dog to the light of day it would not help us in putting a rope round the neck of its master." "Surely we have a c
s. CAMILLO. A course more promising Than a wild dedication of yourselves To unpath'd waters, undream'd shores, most certain To miseries enough; no hope to help you, But as you
 good news. What says the married woman? You may go. Would she had never given you leave to come! Let her not say 'tis I that keep you here- I have no power upon you; hers you a
ith less respect than we do minister To our gross selves? Good, good my lord, bethink you. Who is it that hath died for this offence? There's many have committed it. LUCI
r I heard my father give a sharp cry of surprise as we sat together at the breakfast-table. There he was, sitti
is pretty, sure, and very probable, That eyes, that are the frail'st and softest things, Who shut their coward gates on atomies, Should be call'd tyrants, butchers, murderers! Now I do frown on thee 
 into my pocket, and was covering him through the cloth. At his remark I drew the weapon out and laid it cocked up
s true, this god did shake; His coward lips did from their color fly, And that same eye whose bend doth awe the world Did lose his luster. I did hear hi
o my errand. The good Queen, For she is good, hath brought you forth a daughter; Here 'tis; commends
re. The murderer has written it with his or her own blood. See this smear where it has trickled down the wall! That dispos
she sleep not in her talk. SPEED. 'Item: She is slow in words.' LAUNCE. O villain, that set this down among her vices! To
t is frightening her to death. She says nothing, but I can see terror in her eyes. That's why I want to sift th
ake no change in her young man, and he stuck to her as true as man could be." "Ah," said Holmes, "I thin
it. King. Follow him at foot; tempt him with speed aboard. Delay it not; I'll have him hence to-night. Away! fo
 second link for his chain. We had shaken off Lord Mount-James, and Overton had gone to consult with the other members of his team over the misfortune which had befal
ce, however, and his clothes, which hung so baggily over his shrivelled limbs, proclaimed what it was th
 of society with his whole Bohemian soul, remained in our lodgings in Baker Street, buried among his old b
he freedom of my knowledge: we cannot with such magnificence, in so rare- I know not what to say. We will give you sleepy drinks, that your senses, unintelligent of ou
sure of it! Then let us hurry to him at once to let him know that the truth is known." "He knows it a
for a soldier to love, so am I in love with a base wench. If drawing my sword against the humour of affection wo
 no one else but the delivered Empress. AARON. The Emperess, the midwife, and yourself. Two may keep
rious episode in the doctor's tale. As our visitor concluded, Holmes sprang up without a word, handed me my hat, picked his own from the table, and 
ds, Have wrought the easy-melting King like wax. He swore consent to your succession, His oath enrolled in the parlia
 sure of it from the first." The two sat down together in the bow-window of the club. "To any one who wishes to study mankind t
ut to break from the heart of it. I was at Holmes's elbow, and I glanced for an instant at his face. It was pale and exultant, his eyes shining brightly in the moonlight. But su
in order to give the idea someone had waited for him, opened the window, put blood on the--" "We can surely dismiss that," said
y one," chuckled the inspector. "Now, if you will have the great goodness to open that door very quietly, we wi
f sixteen, Pluck the lin'd crutch from thy old limping sire, With it beat out his brains. Piety and fear, Religion to the gods
of lath, Scaring the ladies like a crowkeeper; Nor no without-book prologue, faintly spoke After the prompter, for our entrance; But, let them meas
ll know them. In the meantime you must make yourself contented by the consciousness of success, like the Roman miser-- "'Populus me sibilat, 
ich is worth all the news in the world. I have brought you a fortune." She glanced at iron box. "Is that the treasure, then?" she asked, coolly enough. "Yes, this is the great Agra t
is princess. Now the question is--Where are we to find the photograph?" "Where, indeed?" "It is most unlikely 
nd Jessica, From the rich Jew, a special deed of gift, After his death, of all he dies possess'd of. LORENZO. Fair ladies, you drop manna in the w
The gossip among the servants is that their master is terribly afraid of something. 'Sold his soul to the devil in exchange for money,' says Warner, 'and ex
de of Fairbairn, the two chatting and laughing, with never a thought for me as I stood watching them from the footp
ave arrived from the very highest quarter. The whole force of the State is at your back if you should need it. Mycroft.
hat she was half the wooer, Destruction on my head, if my bad blame Light on the man! Come hither, gentle mistress. Do you perceive in all this noble company Where most you owe obedien
ext moment I saw them spring apart and turn hurriedly round. Stapleton was the cause of the interruption. He was running wildly towards them, his absurd net dangling behind him
sible. IAGO. Lay thy finger thus, and let thy soul be instructed. Mark me with what violence she fir
ranger. The lock was a perfectly simple one, and only a strong blade was needed to push it back. Holmes also suggeste
ld to hide virtues in? I did think, by the excellent constitution of thy leg, it was form'd under the star of a galliard. AGUECHEEK. Ay, 'tis strong, and it does indiffere
e than one occasion he has asked me whether I had on my medical journeys at night ever seen any strange creature or heard the baying of a hound. The latter question h
is other had pull'd out thy tongue for saying so. Thou has rail'd on thyself. ADAM. [Coming forward] Sweet mast
Claudio. John. Come, come, let us thither. This may prove food to my displeasure. That young start-up hath all the glory of my overthrow. If I can cross him any way, I bless my
at time on. He could drink hard and show little trace of it; but that evening, had his mate Scanlan not been at hand to lead him home, the feted hero would surely have 
CAMILLO. Who does her? LEONTES. Why, he that wears her like her medal, hanging About his neck, Bohemia; who- if I Had servants tru
city for self-restraint. Disregarding my presence, she went straight to her uncle and passed her hand over his head with a sweet womanly caress. "You have given orders
r. Roof quite out of reach. Yet a man has mounted by the window. It rained a little last night. Here is the print of a f
sently set forth. DUKE OF VENICE. I am sorry that your leisure serves you not. Antonio, gratify this gentleman, For in my mind you are much bound to him. Exeunt DUKE
night. I thank my God for my humility. QUEEN ELIZABETH. A holy day shall this be kept hereafter. I would to God all strifes were well compounded. My sovereign lord, I do beseech your Highness To take
he doctor's voice and saw the fury with which he shook his clinched fists at him. The trap drove on, and a few m
e pinch the maids as blue as bilberry; Our radiant Queen hates sluts and sluttery. FALSTAFF. They are fairies;
welvemonth, which her husband is steward aboard a Union boat, and what he'd say if he comes 'ome and found her 
m the carafe over his forehead he opened his eyes for an instant. 'The Professor,' he murmured--'it was she.' The maid is prepared to swear that those
eet again and put his glass in his pocket. "We have at least an hour before us," he remarked, "for they can hardly take any steps until the good pawnbroker is safely in bed. Then t
t young, you see, not wore him From my remembrance. And, besides, the King Hath not deserv'd my service nor your loves, Who find in my exile
ad to have change of this five-pound note." A lad of fourteen, with a bright, keen face, had obeyed the summons of t
reserved his calm professional manner until our visitor had left us, although it was easy for me, who knew him so well, to see that he was profoundly excited. 
essary bencher in the Capitol. MENENIUS. Our very priests must become mockers, if they shall encounter such ridiculous subjects as you are. When you speak best unto the purpose, it is 
his old man cross the Grimpen Mire by the path which Stapleton had marked out. It is very probable, therefore, that in
mple it: The fox, the ape, and the humble-bee, Were still at odds, being but three. There's the moral. Now the
 coming on he has the cramp. FIRST SOLDIER. If your life be saved, will you undertake to betray the Florentine? PAROLLES. Ay, and th
lasting powder at the front door with a slow match to it--" "What's the man done?" "Didn't I tell you he shot Jim Carnaway?" "Why 
es! What, lost in the labyrinth of thy fury? Shall the elephant Ajax carry it thus? He beats me, and I rail at him. O worthy satisfaction! Would it were o
e conclusion that the massage received by Garcia at dinner was an appointment or an assignation. Now, if the obvious reading of it is correct, and in order to ke
 whole way out to the southern suburb, but sat with his chin upon his breast and his hat drawn over his eyes, sunk in the deepest thought. Our clien
ourge. This night the siege assuredly I'll raise. Expect Saint Martin's summer, halcyon days, Since I have entered into these wars. Glory is like a circle in the w
igated bleat! Ah, this is a little more possible. Listen to this: 'Be patient. Will find some sure me
nd most opportune to her need I have A vessel rides fast by, but not prepar'd For this design. What course I mean to hold Shall nothing benefit your kn
 a police officer was killed, many were arrested, evidence was wanted, and in order to save his own life and to earn a great reward my husband betraye
earth; Then, when you come to Pluto's region, I pray you deliver him this petition. Tell him it is for just
, Bannister, will you please tell us the truth about yesterday's incident?" The man turned white to the roots of his hair. "I have told you everything, sir
 Any attempt upon your part to follow the carriage can only end in injury to yourself.' "He opened the door as he spoke
and next of blood, I would remove these tedious stumbling-blocks And smooth my way upon their headless necks; And, being a woman, I will not be slack To play my part in Fortune's pageant. Where are y
betwixt us. I have as much of my father in me as you, albeit I confess your coming before me is nearer to his reverence. OLIVER. What, boy! [Strikes him] ORLANDO. Come
 and thanking Shall be for me, and, to requite you further, I will bestow some precepts of this virgin, Worthy the note. BOTH. We'll take your offer kindly. Exeunt 
o courage. If I could get this foolish Imogen, I should have gold enough. It's almost morning, is't not?
us; averring notes Of chamber-hanging, pictures, this her bracelet- O cunning, how I got it!- nay, some marks Of secret on her person, that he could not But think her 
?" "Well, at least he is fairly well-to-do. But he goes into the City two or three times a week. He is deeply interested in South African gold shares." "You will let me know any fresh de
ay be used against you." "I've got a good deal to say," our prisoner said slowly. "I want to tell you gentlemen all about it." "Hadn't you better reserve that for your trial?" as
teel; Nor can I utter all our bitter grief, But floods of tears will drown my oratory And break my utt'rance, even in the time When it should mo
g of naught. Enter SNUG SNUG. Masters, the Duke is coming from the temple; and there is two or three lords and ladies more married. If our sport had gone forward, we had all been made men. FLUTE
heavy get foolscap and a pen, and begin your narrative of how we saved the State." I felt some reflection of his elation in my own mind, for I knew well that he would not depart so
ndow. He came down and admitted me through the window of the sitting-room. I laid his offence before him. I told him that I had come both as judge and executioner. The wretch sank into
 down into a chair and stared from one to the other of us. "That is the reward, and I have reason to know that there are sentimental considerations in the background which 
burns, 'Twill weep for having wearied you. My father Is hard at study; pray, now, rest yourself; He's safe for these three hours. FERDINAND. O most dear mistress, The sun
example, happen to hear someone, a woman I think, sobbing in the night?" "That is curious, for I did when I was half asleep fancy that I heard something of the sort
, And there I left him tranc'd. Alb. But who was this? Edg. Kent, sir, the banish'd Kent; who in disguise Followed his enemy king and did him service Improper for a slave. Enter a Gentleman with a
Holmes, and he put his finger to his lips as we turned away from the window. THE ADVENTURE OF THE SIX NAPOLEONS It was no very unusual thing for M
ness is a sauce to his good wit, Which gives men stomach to digest his words With better appetite. BRUTUS. And so it is. For this time I w
ded one who leaves his stick and not his visiting-card after waiting an hour in your room." "And the dog?" "Has been in the habit of carry
ES ACHILLES. Where is this Hector? Come, come, thou boy-queller, show thy face; Know what it is to meet Achilles ang
thou canst, I will not go to-day; No, nor to-morrow, not till I please myself. The door is open, sir; there lies your way; You may be jogging whiles yo
 an unmarried man, she counted no doubt upon becoming his wife." "And when she is undeceived?" "Why, then we may find the lady of service. It must b
you. Cap. Send for the County. Go tell him of this. I'll have this knot knit up to-morrow morning. Jul. I met the youthful lord at Laurence' cell And gave him what becomed love I might, Not stepping
 turned towards us the following hieroglyphic: [ Picture: Several unreadable scrawls on paper ] Cyril Overton was much excited. "Hold it to the glass!" he crie
am would serve--in the following terms: Why not tell them of the Cornish horror--strangest case I have handled. I ha
y striving to keep the flames under. "That's it!" cried Hatherley, in intense excitement. "There is the gravel-drive, and there a
 threw itself upon the grass with writhing limbs and then ran swiftly across the lawn into the darkness. "My God!" I w
lace which fringed the hand that lay upon our visitor's knee. Five little livid spots, the marks of four fingers and a thumb,
sufficient to mark the house even had Miss Hunter not been standing smiling on the door-step. "Have you managed it?" asked Holmes. A loud thudding noise c
e cottage, hurried the inmates out at the back door, into the grove of fir-trees, probably, which was mentio
o be some crony of the landlady's." Sherlock Holmes was wrong in his conjecture, however, for there came a step in the p
 for in everything the purpose must weigh with the folly. Follow me, Ned. Exeunt SCENE III. Warkworth. Before the castle Enter NORTHUMBER
ve all, why should the second man write up the German word RACHE before decamping? I confess that I cannot see any possible way of reconciling all these facts
 they would change the whole thing. You think it's all safe about the copy?" The Irish-American had entered the study and stretched his long limbs from
laim A matter from thee; and a birth, indeed, Which throes thee much to yield. ANTONIO. Thus, sir: Although this lord
d; For I have ever verified my friends- Of whom he's chief- with all the size that verity Would without lapsing suffer. Nay, sometimes, Like to a bowl upon a subtle
h your attempt, as you call it, deserve more- a punishment too. PHILARIO. Gentlemen, enough of this. It came in too suddenly; let it die as it was born, and I pray you be better acquaint
ning to me. "Well, you take the case up by all means, and let me know if you do any good." "Certainly," answered 
ove-shak'd; I pray you tell me your remedy. ROSALIND. There is none of my uncle's marks upon you; he taught me how to know a man in love; in which cage of rushes I am sure you are not prisoner. OR
 Because, forsooth, the King of Scots is crown'd. But your discretions better can persuade Than I am able to instruct or teach; And, therefore, as we hither came in peace, So let us still co
 and well attended. OLIVIA. Who of my people hold him in delay? MARIA. Sir Toby, madam, your kinsman. OLI
man; Her name is Katherina Minola, Renown'd in Padua for her scolding tongue. PETRUCHIO. I know her father, though I kn
 tongue) A curse shall light upon the limbs of men; Domestic fury and fierce civil strife Shall cumber all 
Greek e's, but to me there are many small points which indicate the same thing. I have no doubt at all that a family mannerism can be
f Rosalind. If I could meet that fancy-monger, I would give him some good counsel, for he seems to have the quotidian of love 
ts i' th' way before thee. VIRGILIA. O the gods! COMINIUS. I'll follow thee a month, devise with the Where thou
lerkship in my store." "And I refuse it. That's our business. Well, so long, Brother Morris, and may you find things go better with you in the future." That same afternoon, as McMurdo sat smokin
his conspiracy that is going on?" The man's face became openly defiant. "It is my business, and not yours. I will not tell." "Then you leave my employment right away." "Ve
 Finally when I got your reply to my wire I came out to you, since I gather that you are a person who gives advice in difficult cases. But now, Mr. Inspector, I understand, f
rdelia, daughter to Lear. Knights attending on Lear, Officers, Messengers, Soldiers, Attendants. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE
ough the streets of Rome? BRUTUS. No, Cassius, no. Think not, thou noble Roman, That ever Brutus will go bound to Rome; He bears 
 Lewis, stand fast! The devil tempts thee here In likeness of a new untrimmed bride. BLANCH. The Lady Constance speaks not from her faith,
 to this. Farewell! The day frowns more and more. Thou'rt like to have A lullaby too rough; I never saw The heavens so dim by day. [Noise of hunt with
th sailors; SUFFOLK and other GENTLEMEN, as prisoners LIEUTENANT. The gaudy, blabbing, and remorseful day Is crept into the bosom of the sea
ental concentration has a curious way of blotting out what has passed. The barrister who has his case at his fingers' ends, and is able to argue with an expert upon his own subject find
 perceived him, and his military challenge of "Who goes there?" rang through the silent ravine. "Travellers for Nevada," said Jefferson Hope, with his hand u
 not even go out of his way to verify his own solution, and would rather be considered wrong than take the trouble to prove himself right. Again and again I hav
 Bass Rock, sailing in two days' time from Southampton. He lived at Sydenham, but he was likely to be in that morning for instruct
is the smithy. Yes, it is an interesting place, this Fighting Cock. I think we shall have another look at it in an unobtrusive way." A long, sloping hillside, dotted with grey limestone boulders, s
 were gelt that had it, for my part, Since you do take it, love, so much at heart. PORTIA. A quarrel, ho, already! What's the matter
he aged wrinkles in my cheeks, Be pitiful to my condemned sons, Whose souls are not corrupted as 'tis thought. For two and twenty sons I neve
heads advanced, and our chins upon our hands, while the strange, jerky little fellow, with his high, shining head, puffed uneasily in the centre. "When I first determined to make 
 By good Euriphile, our mother. ARVIRAGUS. Be't so; And let us, Polydore, though now our voices Have got the mannish crack, sing him to th' ground, As once to ou
 there. Both he and the Lascar stoutly swore that no one else had been in the front room during the 
ry at home. Fal. By the Lord, I'll be a traitor then, when thou art king. Prince. I care not. Poins. Sir John, I prithee, leave the P
e at his heels came the colonel himself, a man rather over the middle size, but of an exceeding thinness. I d
Y. Now, herald, are the dead numb'red? HERALD. Here is the number of the slaught'red French. [Gives a paper] KING HENRY. What pris
h my tongue, Seeing the deed is meritorious, And to preserve my sovereign from his foe, Say but the word, and I will be his priest. CARDINAL. But I would have him dead, my Lord of Suffolk, Ere you c
h and blood! Fiery? the fiery Duke? Tell the hot Duke that- No, but not yet! May be he is not well. Infirmity
nmask her beauty to the moon. Virtue itself scopes not calumnious strokes. The canker galls the infa
eard nothing during the night, for they are both sound sleepers. Hunter was obviously under the influence of some powerful drug, and as no sense could be got out of him, he was left to 
 butchers! Thou art the ruins of the noblest man That ever lived in the tide of times. Woe to the hand that shed this costly blood! Over thy wounds now do I prophesy (Which like dumb mout
 seems to me now As the remembrance of an idle gaud Which in my childhood I did dote upon; And all the faith, th
heart And ripens in the sunshine of his favour, Would he abuse the countenance of the king, Alack, what mischiefs might he set abroach In shadow of such greatness! With you, Lord Bishop, It
rn. He walked up to the sideboard, and tearing a piece from the loaf he devoured it voraciously, washing it down with a long draught of water. "You are hungry," I remarked. "Starvi
. VERNON. Then, for the truth and plainness of the case, I pluck this pale and maiden blossom here, Giving my ver
ee sense, Since yet thy cicatrice looks raw and red After the Danish sword, and thy free awe Pays homage to u
 answered. "My mind was instantly filled with suspicion. I rushed upstairs to make sure that she was not in the house. As I did so I
gton or Sutton, who was the worst of the gang, turned informer. On his evidence Cartwright was hanged and the other three got fifteen years apiece. When 
side that I must go withal? I am with both: each army hath a hand; And in their rage, I having hold of both, They whirl asunder and dismember me. 
n. CICERO. Why, saw you anything more wonderful? CASCA. A common slave- you know him well by sight- Held up his left hand, which did flame and burn Like twenty tor
 this warrant shall you have access Where you with Silvia may confer at large- For she is lumpish, heavy, melancholy, And, for your friend's sake, will be glad of you
ell, And well shall you perceive how willingly I will both hear and grant you your requests. PEMBROKE. Then I, as one that am the tongue of these, To sound th
Wales? Prince. Why, you whoreson round man, what's the matter? Fal. Are not you a coward? Answer me to 
e, little ones'; and then again, 'It is as hard to come as for a camel To thread the postern of a small needle's eye.' Thoughts tending to ambiti
The least appearance of opposition struck fire out of the old autocrat. His eyes looked malignantly at me, and his gray whiskers bristled like those of an angry cat. "Inde
din confus'd Enforce the present execution Of what we chance to sentence. AEDILE. Very well. SICINIUS. Make them be strong, and ready for this hint, When we shall hap to give
see what task I have to do. You heavy people, circle me about, That I may turn me to each one of you And swear unto my soul to right your wrongs. The vow is made. Come, br
disappeared. "Wait here an instant," said young Alec Cunningham. "The fellow is off his head, in my opinion. Come with me, father, and see where he has go
. "'Well, Sarah found that she could not make a living in Liverpool, so she went back, as I understand, to live with her sister in Croydon, and things jogged on much the same as ever at home. And
imes done in my days of nature Are burnt and purg'd away. But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my prison house, I could a tale unfold whose lightest word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze
u art. Thou didst usurp my place, and dost thou not Usurp the just proportion of my sorrow? Now thy proud neck bears half my b
found to contain a very large and lustrous pearl. No word of writing was enclosed. Since then every year upon the same date there has always appe
ick or angry? Claud. What, courage, man! What though care kill'd a cat, thou hast mettle enough in thee to kill care. Bene. Sir, I shall meet y
lips utter. I sat up all night with paper and ink, and by the morning I had the two charts all ready, 
en, to pardon blood; and I have built Two chantries, where the sad and solemn priests Sing still for Richard's soul. More will I 
inger-tips together, and assumed his most impassive and judicial expression. "In doing so," said Dr. Mortimer, who had begun to show signs of some strong emotion, "I am telling that which I have not 
ch instrument, which had crushed rather than wounded. It is a lonely corner, and there is no house within a quarter of a mile of the spot. He had apparently been struck down firs
the stair and pushed him back. "You'll kill the man," said he. "Drop it!" Baldwin looked at him in amazement. "Curse you!" he cried. 
 flies from her with his books under his arm. Enter TITUS and MARCUS BOY. Help, grandsire, help! my aunt Lavinia Follows me everywhere, I know not why. Good uncle Marcus, see how
y strong language to his son, and she saw the latter raise up his hand as if to strike his father. She was so frightened by th
he did call me by my name. I urg'd our old acquaintance, and the drops That we have bled together. 'Coriolanus' He would not answer to; forbid all names; He was a kind of no
s tremble Touches us not with pity. O, is this he? The time will not allow the compliment That very manners urges. Kent. I am come 
 see that you've had the British workman in the house. He's a token of evil. Not the drains, I hope?" "No, the
say he is already in the Forest of Arden, and a many merry men with him; and there they live like the old Robin Hood of England. They say many
weep your tears Into the channel, till the lowest stream Do kiss the most exalted shores of all. Exeunt all Commoners. See whether their basest metal be not moved; They vanish t
ord until we were at the door here, when she took me by the hand and begged me to tell no one what had happened. "'"It's an old acquaintance of mine who has come down in the world," said she. When I
 Fluellen closely at the heels; The glove which I have given him for a favour May haply purchase him a box o' th' ear. It is the soldier's: I, by bargain, should Wear it m
 father's crown into the hazard. Tell him he hath made a match with such a wrangler That all the courts of France will be disturb'd With chaces. And we understand him well, How 
 will I bring you to the loathsome pit Where I espied the panther fast asleep. QUINTUS. My sight is very dull, whate'er it bodes. 
h to his keeping. If the latter, it was less likely. On the issue of this question depended whether I should continue my work at Briony Lodge, or t
wrung together. 'For the love of Heaven!' she whispered, 'get away from here before it is too late!' "But I am somewhat headstrong by nature, and the more ready to eng
bank, splash through the mire, and climb half-way up to the gate, before I challenged them. "'Who goes there?' said I, in a subdued voice. "'Friends,' came the answer. I
uld carry him, until the merest accident opened my eyes to it. "'I have said that the house is a rambling one. One day last week--on Thursday night, to be more exa
 or any other job in the past. But till the work is done we say nothing." "There are half a dozen about here that I have a word to say to," said McMurdo, with an oath. "I suppose it isn't Jack 
es with your idea of the second party in this mystery. But why should he come back to the house after
 but when it came to the wedding ring," he held out his muscular hand, "you can see for yourselves that I had struck the limit. I have not moved it since the day I was marrie
wept his light along the window-sill. It was thickly coated with soot from the passing engines, but the black surface was blurred and rubbed i
aven, Before, behind thee, and on every hand, Enwheel thee round! DESDEMONA. I thank you, valiant Cassio. What tidings can you tell me of my lord? CASSIO. He is not yet arrived, nor know I aught 
t. Ay, sir. She took them, read them in my presence, And now and then an ample tear trill'd down Her delicate cheek. It seem'd she was a queen Over her passion, who, most rebel-like, Sought t
ur honour Than in my thought it lies! DIANA. Good my lord, Ask him upon his oath if he does think He had not my virginity. KING. What say'st thou to her? BERTRAM. She's impude
anmer, Cromwell, her two hands, and she, Sleep in their graves. LOVELL. Now, sir, you speak of two The most remark'd i' th' k
s of days and nights without a thought of food, when his baffled mind had chafed before some problem while his thin, eager features became more attenuated with the asceticism of complete mental 
 present. TITUS. Why, there it goes! God give his lordship joy! Enter the CLOWN, with a basket and two pigeons in it News, news from heaven! Marcus, the post is come. Sirrah, w
 with wondering eyes. "I disremember them," he answered. "I hain't said none since I was half the height o' that gun. I guess it's never too late. You say them
 Few men were capable of greater muscular effort, and he was undoubtedly one of the finest boxers of his weight that I have ever seen; but he looked upon aimless bodily exer
ppose, that unless the matter is cleared up, Mrs. Barclay, who is an old friend of yours, will in all probability be tried for murder." The man gav
has a vacancy, and there is the address where you should apply for particulars. As far as I can make out, the Leag
ramm, a Bohemian nobleman. I understand that this gentleman, your friend, is a man of honour and discretion, who
out his marriage, nor my own disgrace, Have ever made me sour my patient cheek Or bend one wrinkle on my sovereign's face. I am the last of noble Edward's so
 papers have come through me, and I need not add are thoroughly untrustworthy. It would brighten my declini
ots bows, Thou bear'st thy heavy riches but a journey, And Death unloads thee. Friend hast thou none; For thine own bowels which do call thee sire, The mere effusion of thy proper lo
did fail me. No doubt there are natural enemies which limit the increase of the creatures. You and I, Watson, we
s foot by th' squier, And laugh upon the apple of her eye? And stand between her back, sir, and the f
 SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE 1 A street before a priory Enter SECOND MERCHANT and A
duty to his children, and bided my time. An attempt was made in Paris and failed. We zig-zagged swiftly here and there over Europe to thr
ower of the young man and his older associate. They seize him and use violence towards him in order to make him
drive with such sward and oaks around it as one only sees in rural England, then a sudden turn, and the long,
ke the priest, clerk, and some sufficient honest witnesses. If this be not that you look for, I have more to say, But bid Bianca farewell for ever and a day. LUCENTIO. Hear'st thou, Biondel
CH KING. Right joyous are we to behold your face, Most worthy brother England; fairly met! So are you, princes English, every one. QUEEN ISABEL. So happy be the issue, b
 The matter? Triumphs for nothing and lamenting toys Is jollity for apes and grief for boys. Is Cadwal mad? Re-enter ARVIRAGUS, with IMOGEN as dead, bearing
e, you will endeavour for your French part of such a boy; and for my English moiety take the word of a king and a bachelor. How answer you, la plus belle Katherine du monde, mon tres cher et divin d
e, that it had caught his eye, I would at once spring out, throw my great-coat over his head, pinion him, and leave the rest to Holmes. But Milverton never looked up. He was 
umbly signify what in his name, That magical word of war, we have effected; How, with his banners, and 
g this rude meal into his pocket he started off upon his expedition. I had just finished my tea when he returned, evidently in excellent spirits, swinging an old elas
 and apt construction of thy name, Being Leo-natus, doth import so much. [To CYMBELINE] The piece of tender air, thy virt
l! BURGUNDY. Pray God she prove not masculine ere long, If underneath the standard of the French She carry armour as she hath begun. TALBOT. Well, let them practise and con
your three motives to the battle, with I know not how much more, should be demanded, And all the other by-dependences, From
t-eyed men. Many were the cries of astonishment and of commiseration which arose from them when they perceived the youth of one of the strangers 
 in your pocket. When the fellow comes speak to him in an ordinary way. Leave the rest to me. Don't frighten him by looking at him too hard." "It is 
quiring a monopoly of the invention. Every effort has been made to keep the secret. The plans, which are exceedingly intricate, compri
s it was!" Holmes had the impersonal joy of the true artist in his better work, even as he mourned darkly when it fell below the high level to which he asp
gged him away through the other door. For a moment I was left alone in the room, and I sprang to my feet w
r, handling each with the strength and delicacy of the trained mechanic. Finally I heard a click, the broad green door swung open,
rrent roaring loud On the unsteadfast footing of a spear. Hot. If he fall in, good night, or sink or swim! Send danger from the east unto the west, So honour cr
, waiting some excuse to get my hand on his collar. Mr. Gregson and I ran him to ground in that big tenem
ing, feeble old woman was able to get out of the cab while it was in motion, without either you or the driver seeing her?
 stand under them: if you omit The offer of this time, I cannot promise But that you shall sustain moe new dis
od?" "None, sir, none. I am proud to say that I had no interest in the matter. I act entirely from a sense of publi
side his heart-inflaming brand, Whilst many nymphs that vowed chaste life to keep, Came tripping by, but in her maiden hand, The faire
 displeasure of the King, who had even tun'd his bounty to sing happiness to him. I will tell you a thing, but you shall let it dwell darkly with you. SECOND LORD. Wh
Y SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. SCENE 1. Before Orleans Enter a FRENCH SERGEANT and two SE
o as to its solution." THE ADVENTURE OF THE THREE STUDENTS It was in the year '95 that a combination of events, into which I need not enter, caused Mr. Sherlock Holmes and myself to spe
 was Tamora delivered, The issue of an irreligious Moor, Chief architect and plotter of these woes. The villain is aliv
 some other man's gate and declare that a path has existed there from time immemorial, defying the owner to prosecute him for trespass. He is learned in old manorial and communal rights, and he appl
e you leave to depart; and if a merry meeting may be wish'd, God prohibit it! Come, neighbour. Exeunt [Dogberry and Verges]. 
 With plenteous rivers and wide-skirted meads, We make thee lady. To thine and Albany's issue Be this perpetu
promise of his sister, and what else, To strengthen and support King Edward's place. O Margaret, thus 'twill be; and thou, poor soul,
 from the Merton lodge are coming over to us next week to do some business in this quarter." "Who are they?" asked someone. "Faith, it is wiser not to ask. I
ompany with him; for I dislike the man," McMurdo answered. "As to being disloyal, if it was any man but 
I saw young Harry with his beaver on His cushes on his thighs, gallantly arm'd, Rise from the ground like feathered Mercury, And v
 Sherlock Holmes, with his finger-tips together and his eyes to the ceiling. Again a startled look cam
other, and it ended in his inviting me out to spend a few days at his house, Wisteria Lodge, between Esher an
rs. Douglas gave a cry of astonishment at Holmes's words. The detectives and I must have echoed it, when we were aware of a man w
r what; he's poor, and that's revenge enough. Who can speak broader than he that has no house to put his head i
." "It may not come to that," said Holmes. "What?" "I am no official agent. I understand that it was your daughter who required
 troop of fairies, and the Welsh devil, Hugh? MRS. PAGE. They are all couch'd in a pit hard by Heme's oak, with obscur'd lights; which, at the very instant
 heartily I do beseech the court To give the judgment. PORTIA. Why then, thus it is: You must prepare your bosom for his knif
ith says she is one of the fastest launches on the river, and that if he had had another man to help him with the engines we should never have caught her. He swears he kne
 his hands shook until the hunting-crop wagged like a branch in the wind. His bullying, overbearing manner was all gone too, and he cringed along at my 
rtain in order to give the idea someone had waited for him, opened the window, put blood on the--" "We can surely dismiss that," said MacDonald. "So I think. Suicide is out of the questi
 again and be proud of the job. Curse the beast, if he had as many lives as a cat he would owe them all to me! But it's the lady, Mary--Mary Fraser--for never will I call her
ird was dead, Although the kite soar with unbloodied beak? Even so suspicious is this tragedy. QUEEN. Are you the butcher, Suffolk? Wh
east deserved death by the laws of his country. I told Holmes how the matter stood, my heart bubbling over with thankfulness and joy. "Then the clothes have been th
he terrible scene from the maid servants. The dead man lay on his back, sprawling with outstretched limbs in the centre of the room. He was cl
ill not be long before the missing boot is found." "And, now, gentlemen," said the baronet with decision, "it seems t
ourt? Here feel we not the penalty of Adam, The seasons' difference; as the icy fang And churlish chiding 
th been taught us from the primal state That he which is was wish'd until he were; And the ebb'd man, ne'er lov'd till ne
. The drawn blinds and the smokeless chimneys, however, gave it a stricken look, as though the weight of this horror still lay heavy upon it. We called at the d
hsafe to come To cross the seas to England, and be crown'd King Henry's faithful and anointed queen. For your expenses and sufficient charge, Among the people gather up a tenth. 
han Sherlock. His body was absolutely corpulent, but his face, though massive, had preserved something of the sharpness of expression which was so remarkabl
till did I tell him it was vile and bad. ABBESS. And thereof came it that the man was mad. The venom clamours of a jealous woman Poisons more deadly than a mad dog's tooth. It see
n. Lady P. Then should you be nothing but musical; for you are altogether govern'd by humours. Lie still, ye thief, and hear the lady sing in Welsh. Hot. I had rath
c and the terrible. If you cast your mind back to some of those narratives with which you have afflicted a long-suffering public, you will recogn
wksbury When Oxford had me down, he rescued me And said 'Dear Brother, live, and be a king'? Who told me, when we both lay in the field Frozen alm
e said. I trust that he is kind to her. There is a dry glitter in his eyes, and a firm set of his th
, From off the battlements of yonder tower, Or walk in thievish ways, or bid me lurk Where serpents are; chain me with roaring bears, Or sh
p a route by which I might get through the rebel lines. At ten o'clock the same night I started off upon my journey. There were a thousand lives to save, but it was of
ou get both tyres clear. The one is as deep as the other. That can only mean that the rider is throwing his weight on to the handle-bar, as a man does when he is sprinting. By Jove! 
 hands of the law let things be done in a legal way." "Well, that's reasonable enough," said Lestrade. "Nothing further you have to say, Mr. Holm
hard Duke of Gloucester And the Lord Hastings, who attended him In secret ambush on the forest side And from the Bishop's huntsmen rescu'd him; For hunting was his dai
NY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> Scene V. Elsinore. A room in the Castle. Enter Horatio, Queen, and a Gentleman. 
comes the Prince. Enter KING HENRY THE FIFTH, attended CHIEF JUSTICE. Good morrow, and God save your Majesty! KING. This new and go
 is just. Enter another Messenger. Mess. My lord, prepare. The King comes on apace. Hot. I thank him that he cuts me from my tale, For I profess not talking. Only this- Let each man do his best; 
ongs. I must leave them and seek some better service; their villainy goes against my weak stomach, and therefore I m
t Or seem so, craftily; and that's not good. ISABELLA. Let me be ignorant, and in nothing good But graciously to know I am no better. ANGELO. Th
e of us, low, but thick and well defined. The moon shone on it, and it looked like a great shimmering ice-field
t song tonight Will not go from my mind; I have much to do But to go hang my head all at one side And sing it like poor Barbary. Prithee, dispatch. EMILIA. Shall I go fetch your nigh
e its true place, and I had a shadowy presentiment of the whole sequence of events. My next step obviously was to find the man who had produced such a remarkable 
 "Once already his life has been attempted, but some evil spirit shielded him. Now, again, it is the noble, chivalrous Garcia who has f
n they can inflict upon him Will make him say I mov'd him to those arms. Say that he thrive, as 'tis great lik
is valour and knows not his fear, That loves his mistress more than in confession With truant vows to her own lips h
 lives. After the lapse of time that has passed since their crime, it was impossible for me to secure a conviction against them in any court. I knew of thei
gether, Mr. Holmes, and our trail lay in this direction." He turned his bulldog eyes upon our visitor. "Are you 
ter, plain well-meaning soul- Whom fair befall in heaven 'mongst happy souls!- May be a precedent and witness good That thou re
ith them to prison; and the day of combat shall be the last of the next month. Come, Somerset, we'll see thee sent away. Flourish. Exeunt SC
mmering ice-field, with the heads of the distant tors as rocks borne upon its surface. Holmes's face was turned towards it, and he muttered impatiently as he watched its
shapeless blurs through the heavy yellow wreaths. Our gas was lit and shone on the white cloth and glimmer of china an
UKE OF VENICE. Bring us the letters; call the messenger. BASSANIO. Good cheer, Antonio! What, man, courage yet! The J
 a pitch which makes us the opprobrium of the civilized world. Is it for such results as this that our gre
 street, and making for the path which I had so lately descended. It had taken me an hour to come down. For all my efforts two more had passed before I found myself at the fall
 I have done, and throw the treasure into the Thames rather than let it go to kith or kin of Sholto or of Morstan. It was n
, who ruined himself on the turf. My scholar has been left very poor, but he is hard-working and industrious. He will do well. "The second floor is inhabited by Daulat Ras, the Indian.
ished; "I will tell you the true solution of the matter. Lady St. Simon is a myth. There is not, and there never has been, any such person." Lestrade looked sadly at my companion. Then he turne
blood. It was a hundred times more difficult than getting up. But I had no time to think of the danger, for another stone sang past me as I h
e story of my life From year to year, the battles, sieges, fortunes, That I have pass'd. I ran it through, even from my
nish'd that have minded you Of what you should forget. Now, good my liege, Sir, royal sir, forgive a foolish woman. The love I bore
, on better judgement making. Thus have I had thee as a dream doth flatter, In sleep a king, but waking no such matter. 88 When thou shalt be disposed to 
e stray to find, and the sea mocks Our frustrate search on land. Well, let him go. ANTONIO. [Aside to SEBASTIAN] I am right glad that he's so out of hope. Do not, for on
ife recently had not been a healthy one. "I am glad to stretch myself, Watson," said he. "It is no joke when a tall man has to take a foot of
ek the map of days outworn, When beauty lived and died as flowers do now, Before these bastard signs of fair were born, Or durst inhabit on a liv
r with white and bristly beard: Then of thy beauty do I question make That thou among the wastes of time must go, Sinc
 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHIN
eps in Capel's monument, And her immortal part with angels lives. I saw her laid low in her kindred's vault And presently took post to tell it you. O, pardon me for bringing these ill news, Sinc
ork shall claim his own; And therefore I will take the Nevils' parts, And make a show of love to proud Duke Humphre
he date. Here it is, and I'm shutting down to-morrow morning." "Well, I guess you'll have to fix me up also. I'm not staying is this gol-darned country all on my lonesome. In a week or les
 bay where all men ride, Why of eyes' falsehood hast thou forged hooks, Whereto the judgment of my heart is tied? Why should m
he Devil is, as Lucifier and Belzebub himself, it is necessary, look your Grace, that he keep his vow and his oath; if he be perjur'd, see you now, his r
 Carey has sold are lost for ever. There's the cab, Hopkins, and you can remove your man. If you want me for the trial, my address and that of Watso
I glanced again his face had resumed that red-Indian composure which had made so many regard him as a machine rather than a man. "The problem presents features
y lord, I'll prove it on his body if he dare, Despite his nice fence and his active practice, His May of youth and bloom of lustihood. Claud. Away! I will not have to do
ish'd him: A mile before his tent fall down, and knee The way into his mercy. Nay, if he coy'd To hear Cominius speak, I'll keep at home. COMINIUS. He would not
 Violet Smith?" he said, in his quick, clear way. "That's what I am asking you. You're in her dog-cart. You ought to know where she is." "We met
y will instantly shut up like an oyster. If you listen to them under protest, as it were, you are very likely to get what you want." "Our course now seems pretty clear," said I. "What wo
t he had never once gone out of the house." "Oh, he went out the first night, did he?" "Yes, sir, and returned very late
eld the criminal. But if she does not wish to shield him she would give his name. There is a tangle here which needs straightening out.
, will be prepared to do that." "But if he is never found, eh? Answer me that!" "In that case no doubt his family--" "Nothing of the sort, sir!" screamed the little man. "Don
 how now, lords! So near the Emperor's palace dare ye draw And maintain such a quarrel openly? Full well I wot the ground of all this grudge: I would not for a million of gold The cause were known 
lanco--so we shall reach the Rio Grande," said another. "Fear not for water," cried a third. "He who could draw it from the rocks will not now ab
nd I made our way out of the Station and took a cab back to Baker Street. CHAPTER VII The Conclusion We had all been warned to appear before the magistrates up
house. A door slammed in the distance. Then a confused, dull murmur broke itself into the measured thud of he
adful sight. Mrs. Allen, the housekeeper, came and took her away. Ames had arrived, and we ran back into the room once more." "
h this gentleman. Though the pennyworth on his side be the worst, yet hold thee, there's some boot. [Giving money] AUTOLYCUS. I am a poor fellow, sir. [Aside] I know ye well enough. CAMILL
ried to pull her through the window. At that moment in rushed the husband with his revolver in his hand
can make it out, is like this. Some years ago this country house, Yoxley Old Place, was taken by an elderly man, who gave the nam
of you. For my sake wear this; It is a manacle of love; I'll place it Upon this fairest prisoner. [Puts
side of the sufferer. It was not until close upon six o'clock that I found myself free and was able to spring into a hansom and drive to Baker Street, h
nner for tickets." "Here you are," said Holmes, producing some silver. "In future they can report to you, Wiggins, and you to me. I cannot have the house invaded in t
 stark naked; for meddle you must, that's certain, or forswear to wear iron about you. VIOLA. This is as uncivil as strange. I beseech you do me this courteous office as to know o
h this remembrance- that you use the same With the like bold, just, and impartial spirit As you have do
 professional brother of yours, and your presence may be of assistance to me. Now is the dramatic moment of f
eparated them and carried him, living but horribly mangled, into the house. We laid him upon the drawing-roo
d molest honest, law-abiding men?" "You're standing out in this deal, Councillor McGinty," said the po
speak, O'er whom, in time to come, I hope to reign; For I am rightful heir unto the crown. STAFFORD. Villain, thy father was a plasterer; An
n, And credent soul to that strong-bonded oath, That shall prefer and undertake my troth." 'This said, his wat'ry eyes he did dismount, Whose sights till t
e driver pointed with his whip to two old brick and timber gables which projected from a grove of trees. "That's Ridling Thorpe Manor," 
o?' "'To Eyford, in Berkshire. It is a little place near the borders of Oxfordshire, and within seven miles of 
. I am prepared to swear, and so is Bannister, that it was smooth and unstained. Now I found a clean cut in it about three inch
; And you as well to keep her that defend her, Not palating the taste of her dishonour, With such a costly l
lted, rail'd And put upon him such a deal of man That worthied him, got praises of the King For him attempting who was self-subdu'd; And, i
far as you could see, had his ordinary clothes on?" "But without his collar or tie. I distinctly saw his bare throat.
 The best and soundest of his time hath been but rash; then must we look to receive from his age, not alone the imperfections of long-ingraffed condition, but therewithal the 
isely so. I ought to know its size and shape, seeing that I have read the advertisement about it in The Times every day lately. It is absolutely unique, and its value can only be conjectured
aking many. O, it grieves my soul That I must draw this metal from my side To be a widow-maker! O, and there Where honourable rescue and defence Cries out
 not be permitted to warp our judgment. "Surely there are details in her story which, if we looked at it in cold blood, would excite our suspicion. These burgla
s now again to snatch our palm from palm, Unswear faith sworn, and on the marriage-bed Of smiling peace to march a bloody host, And m
erefore, and beg mercy of the Duke. GRATIANO. Beg that thou mayst have leave to hang thyself; And yet, thy wealth being forfeit to the state, Thou hast not left th
distressed widow, Even in the afternoon of her best days, Made prize and purchase of his wanton eye, Seduc'd the pitch and height of h
he window, Watson!" cried the baronet. "See, the other moves also! Now, you rascal, do you deny that it is a signal? Come, speak up! Who is your confederate out yonder, and what is this conspirac
owing for. I walked round the corner, saw the City and Suburban Bank abutted on our friend's premises, and felt that I had solved my prob
he door but got down near the gate of the avenue. The wagonette was paid off and ordered to return to Coombe Tracey forthwith, while we started 
h in th' eleventh year of the last king's reign Was like, and had indeed against us pass'd But that the scambling and unq
own with me--you remember the little chap at the express office--and he has seen after my simple wants: a loaf of bread and a clean collar.
, that of a noble mind is the most deplorable. I sat in silent dejection until the stipulated time had passed. He seemed to have bee
. From Alexandria This is the news: he fishes, drinks, and wastes The lamps of night in revel; is not more manlike Than Cleopatra, nor the queen of Ptol
 two full moons; he had a thousand noses, Horns whelk'd and wav'd like the enridged sea. It was some fiend. Therefore, thou happy father, Think that the clear
ng McGinty as Bodymaster, was now so necessary to the councils of his comrades that nothing was done without his help and advi
or more than twenty years we have led peaceful and useful lives, and we hoped that our past was forever buried. Imagine, then, my feelings when in the seaman who came to 
r angrily. "How long have you allowed us to waste ourselves upon a search that you knew to be an absurd one?" "Not one instant, my dear Mr. Mac. Only last night did I form my views of
itch me in it; Surprise me to the very brink of tears. Lend me a fool's heart and a woman's eyes, And I'll beweep these comforts, worthy senators. FIRST SENATOR. Therefore so please thee to return wi
d? KATHERINA. I like it well; good Grumio, fetch it me. GRUMIO. I cannot tell; I fear 'tis choleric. What say you to a piece of beef and must
 avowed intention of catching the Liverpool express. They were afterwards seen together upon the platform. Nothing more is known o
mother, thou, [Digging] Whose womb unmeasurable and infinite breast Teems and feeds all; whose self-
report, Bear with her weakness, which I think proceeds From wayward sickness and no grounded malice. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Saw you the King to-day, my Lor
ion, and hope to come upon them in the heat of their division. ROMAN. The main blaze of it is past, but a small thing would make it flame again; for the nobles receive so to heart the 
does command. Come, temperate nymphs, and help to celebrate A contract of true love; be not too late. Enter certain NYMPHS You sun-burnt sicklemen, of Au
ng it over, my friend here and I, and we have come to the conclusion that this secret of yours is hardl
 suit of black Eton jacket and dark grey trousers. There were no signs that anyone had entered the room, and it is qui
 DESDEMONA. Let's meet him and receive him. CASSIO. Lo, where he comes! Enter Othello and Attendants. OTHELLO. O m
of the old hat--"but there are points in connection with it which are not entirely devoid of interest and
es your worship to say so, but we are the poor Duke's officers; but truly, for mine own part, if I were as tedious as a 
hich was undoubtedly meant for the lodger. These alarms, and the desperate need for secrecy, argue that the matter is one of life or death. The attack upon Mr.
harm'd, my liege; For hear her but exampled by herself: When all her chivalry hath been in France, And she a mourning widow of h
le here! I've not heard of him since I left out food for him last, and that was three days ago." "Did you see him then?" "No, sir, 
he darkness and smiling at me, just as plain as I see you all in this room. All the way they were ahead of me, one on each
kill thee everywhere, yea, o'er and o'er. You wisest Grecians, pardon me this brag. His insolence draws folly from my lips; Bu
EEN. What say'st thou? Did the Duke of York say he was rightful heir to the crown? PETER. That my master was? No, forsooth
blows, Commanded always by the greater gust, Such is the lightness of you common men. But do not break your oaths; for of that sin My mild entreaty shall not make you guilty. Go 
t as he exceeds our lords, the odds Is that we scarce are men, and you are gods. Exit The battle continues; the BRITONS fly; CYMBELINE is tak
ut he hath an abstract for the remembrance of such places, and goes to them by his note. There is no hiding you in the house. F
ples; that no audience but the tribulation of Tower-hill or the limbs of Limehouse, their dear brothers, are able to endure. I have some of 'em in
ket. "It immensely adds to the zest of an investigation, my dear Mr. Mac, when one is in conscious sympathy with the historical atmosphere of one's surroundings. Don't look so impa
axed while this false clue was being followed up?" "It was entirely dropped." "So that three days have been 
ch one of our lumber-rooms was packed. When at last he descended it was with triumph in his eyes, but he said nothing to either of us as to the result of his researches. For my own part, I had fo
v'd me; And when a soldier was the theme, my name Was not far off. Then was I as a tree Whose boughs did bend with
 over masquers To revel it with him and his new bride. Thou seest what's past; go fear thy king withal. BONA. Tell him, in hope he'll 
n energetic, gallant, and, within his limitations, a capable officer. He shook hands with Holmes and introduced his comrade as Inspector Baynes,
d to him. Jul. Nurse, will you go with me into my closet To help me sort such needful ornaments As you think fit to furnish me
nours That are without him, as place, riches, and favour, Prizes of accident, as oft as merit; Which when they fall, as being slippery standers, The lo
ure to realize my position. It was horrible. Watson there would tell you that I was a nervous, sensitive boy at school. It is my nature. I thought of 
answer to my advertisement." "Ah!" "Yes, it came within a few minutes of your leaving." "And to what effect?" Mycroft Ho
 Romeo, I come! this do I drink to thee. She [drinks and] falls upon her bed within the curtains. Scene IV. Capulet's 
m. But no slightest sign of them ever met our eyes. If the earth told a true story, then Stapleton never reached that is
s i' th' lowest hell fold in the people! Call me their traitor! Thou injurious tribune! Within thine eyes sat twenty thousand deaths, In thy hands clutch'd as many millions, in Thy lyi
 When he returns from hunting, I will not speak with him. Say I am sick. If you come slack of former services, You shall do well; the fault of it I'll answer. [Horns within.] Osw. He's coming, 
hing to do thyself good. Boot, boot, Master Shallow! I know the young King is sick for me. Let us take any man's horses: the laws of England are at my comman
vertisement through a newspaper. There seems no other way, and fortunately we need concern ourselves with the one paper only. Here are the Daily 
and in man's apparel? Looks he as freshly as he did the day he wrestled? CELIA. It is as easy to count atomies as to resolve the propositions of a lover; but take a taste
ainst anointed majesty! But to my charge. The King hath sent to know The nature of your griefs; and whereupon You conjure from the breast of civil peace Such bold hostility
r nuptial vow, her loyalty, And with that painted hope braves your mightiness; And shall she carry this unto h
 worst, Sir Michael, speed. For if Lord Percy thrive not, ere the King Dismiss his power, he means to visit us, For he hath heard of our confeder
us. CYMBELINE. What of him? He is A banish'd traitor. BELARIUS. He it is that hath Assum'd this age; indeed
do to their darned prophet. I'm a free-born American, and it's all new to me. Guess I'm too old to learn. If he comes brow
ll to himself Protector be; and God shall be my hope, My stay, my guide, and lantern to my feet. And go in peace, 
 Rome, he has done all this and more In Alexandria. Here's the manner of't: I' th' market-place, on a tribunal silver'd, Cleopatra and himself in chairs of gold Were publicly enthron'd; at the f
ous scientific experiments, and the atmosphere of violence and danger which hung around him made him the very
gain warn you will be taken down." "I'll sit down, with your leave," the prisoner said, suiting the action to the word. "Thi
o it became evident that it had turned down one of several side roads which I had observed. I rode back, but again saw nothing o
as, my lord. DUKE. Go, take her hence and marry her instantly. Do you the office, friar; which consummate, Return him here again. Go with him, Provost. Exeunt AN
long years, but I never saw him with such a face on him as that." Sherlock Holmes took the lamp and led the way, for Thaddeus Sholto's teeth were chattering in his head. So shaken was he th
ut-cracker jaws. He carried his head very jauntily in the air, had a swaggering style of walking, and was, above all else, remarkable for his extraordinary height. I don't think any
ua. What says Romeo? Or, if his mind be writ, give me his letter. John. Going to find a barefoot brother out, One of our order, to associate me Here in this city visiting
etween your strangeness and his pride, Which his own will shall have desire to drink. It may do good. Pride hath no other glass To show itself 
fast, And bear him home for his recovery. ANGELO. I knew he was not in his perfect wits. SECOND MERCHANT. I am sor
ation." "The devil's agents may be of flesh and blood, may they not? There are two questions waiting for us at the outset. The one is wheth
RVANT. My lord- TIMON. Tear me, take me, and the gods fall upon you! Exit HORTENSIUS. Faith, I perceive o
e. And now, Watson, I think that, perhaps, we shall be better employed elsewhere." It may be that the p
it of baser quality; And so the Prince obscur'd his contemplation Under the veil of wildness; which, no doubt, Grew like the summer grass, fastest by night, Unseen
m. After alluding airily to the Vehmgericht, aqua tofana, Carbonari, the Marchioness de Brinvilliers, 
o my question." The ring at the bell proved to be something even more satisfactory than an answer, however, for the door opened and a rough-looking fellow entered who was evidently t
 "Here, as you perceive, is the inner pocket prolonged into the lining in such fashion as to give ample space for 
e man who entered knew that the papers were there. How did he know? "When I approached your room I examined the window. You amused me by
wn stinking pitch, But that the sea, mounting to th' welkin's cheek, Dashes the fire out. O, I have suffered With 
arm. England, bound in with the triumphant sea, Whose rocky shore beats back the envious siege Of wat'ry Neptune
ms. If thou delight to view thy heinous deeds, Behold this pattern of thy butcheries. O, gentlemen, see, see! Dead Henry's wounds Open their congeal'd mouths and bleed afresh. Blush, blu
. Sit at this desk and write to my dictation. Direct the envelope to the address given. That is right. Now the letter: "Dear Sir
nger an archer; his glory shall be ours, for we are the only love-gods. Go in with me, and I will tell you my drift. Exeunt. Scene II. A hall in Leonato's house. Ente
s, or goats. I say, To buy his favour, I extend this friendship; If he will take it, so; if not, adieu; And, for my love, I pray you wrong me 
t feed grow full, as blossoming time That from the seedness the bare fallow brings To teeming foison, even so her plenteous womb Expresse
o play this match, for he could not get out of it without explanations which would expose his secret. I tried to cheer him u
here?" "Because an illustrious client has placed her piteous case in my hands. It is the Lady Eva Brackwell, t
ore of Styx? Make way to lay them by their brethren. [They open the tomb] There greet in silence, as the dead are wont, And sleep in peace, slain in your country's wars. O sacred re
her to the Russian Embassy." THE ADVENTURE OF THE MISSING THREE-QUARTER We were fairly accustomed to receive weird telegrams at Baker Stre
should have gone to-morrow." The sun had set and dusk was settling over the moor. The air had turned chill and we withdrew into the hut for warmth. There, sitting together in the twi
Court. "Well, to my surprise and delight, everything was as right as possible. The table was set out ready for me, and Mr. Duncan Ross was there to 
g the clouds towards Paphos, and her son Dove-drawn with her. Here thought they to have done Some wanton charm upon this man and maid, Whose vows are that no bed-rit
'd, Excitements of my reason and my blood, And let all sleep, while to my shame I see The imminent death of twenty thousand men That for a fantasy and trick of fame Go t
hould presently extirpate me and mine Out of the dukedom, and confer fair Milan With all the honours 
n of the old hat--"but there are points in connection with it which are not entirely devoid of interest a
anderous loads, He shall but bear them as the ass bears gold, To groan and sweat under the business, Ei
, to have The benefit of his blest beams, remaining So long a poor unknown. GUIDERIUS. By heavens, I'll go! If you will bless
s dead! Run hence, proclaim, cry it about the streets. CASSIUS. Some to the common pulpits and cry out "Liberty, freedom, and enfranch
ad being with whom they were face to face, while the two voices--the one thin and clear, the other deep and har
'Co.' 'P,' of course, stands for 'Papier.' Now for the 'Eg.' Let us glance at our Continental Gazetteer." He took down a 
d himself vigorously against his assailants, for in his right hand he held a small knife, which was clotted with blood up to 
 This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit, Which gives men stomach to digest his words With better appetite. BRUTUS. And so it is. For this time I will leav
" "You think it will come to that?" He was in his most cheerful and debonair humour. "My dear Watson, when I have exterminated that fourth egg I shall be ready to put you in touch with the who
rtainly. You will find me at the Langham under the name of the Count Von Kramm." "Then I shall drop you a line to let you know how we 
, health, and compassion, to the Senate! FIRST SENATOR. Now, Captain? ALCIBIADES. I am an humble suitor to your virtues; For pity is the virt
Latter Day Saints, and Hope, the deceased prisoner, hails also from Salt Lake City. If the case has had no other effect, it, at least, brings out in the most striking manner the effici
incorruptible fidelity where the finances of the order were concerned, and with no notion of justice or honesty to anyone beyond. The treasurer, Carter, was a middle-age
ll tell you, however. I left the house a little after eight o'clock this morning in the character of a groom out of work. Ther
I have borne this corse Into the marketplace. There shall I try, In my oration, how the people take The cr
example, this great plain to the north here with the queer hills breaking out of it. Do you observe anything remarkable about that?" "It would
 again! CAESAR. Who is it in the press that calls on me? I hear a tongue, shriller than all the music, Cry "Caesar." Spe
east of every man; They sell the pasture now to buy the horse, Following the mirror of all Christian kings Wi
ave written a monograph upon the subject. I flatter myself that I can distinguish at a glance the ash of any known brand, either of cigar or of tobacco. It is just in such details t
e young Mr. Willoughby Smith was stretched upon the floor. At first she could see no injury, but as she tried to raise him she saw that blood was pouring from the underside
 room in which the detective was to be trapped. It was a large apartment, with a long deal table in th
f an electric switch, but it was unnecessary, even if it had been safe, to turn it on. At one side of the fireplace was a heavy curtain
hall clear thee from that stain. JOHN. You cannot witness for me, being slain. If death be so apparent, then both fly. TALBOT. And leave my followers here t
 think I am so muddy, so unsettled, To appoint myself in this vexation; sully The purity and whiteness of my sheets- Which to preserve is sleep, which being spotted Is goads, thorns, nettles, tails o
 thou shouldst be; th' occasion speaks thee; and My strong imagination sees a crown Dropping upon thy head. 
mind was pure as snow. She could not bear a shadow of coarseness. So, when she came to hear of things that I had done, she would have no more to say t
ghters as are daily seen By our proceeding in hostility; And therefore take this compact of a truce, Although you break it when your pleasure serves. 
lmes's own methods and to try to practise them in reading this tragedy. It was, alas, only too easy to do. During our conversation we ha
rheumatic diseases do abound. And thorough this distemperature we see The seasons alter: hoary-headed frosts Fall in the fresh lap of the crimson rose; And on old Hiems' thin and icy crown An o
ick, my valiant son? WARWICK. For grief that they are past recovery; For were there hope to conquer them again My sword should shed hot blood, mine eyes no tears. Anjou and Maine! myself did wi
Hope leaned back in his chair and began the following remarkable statement. He spoke in a calm and methodical manner, as though the events which he narrated were commonplace enough. I can v
en we had left it far behind, and saw the tall, austere figure of Holmes standing motionless and gazing after us. The journey was a swift and pleasant one, an
e spot it is particularly so, for it lies for over a mile between Charlington Heath upon one side and the
he whispered. "Hush!" The cry had been loud on account of its vehemence, but it had pealed out from somewhere far off on the shadowy plain. 
have squeezed the life out of him if McMurdo had not interfered. "Easy, Councillor! For heaven's sake, go easy!" he cried, as he dragged him back. McGinty released his hold, a
ed in my drawer, and you have not asked for the key. 6. You do not propose to invest your money in this manner." "How absurdly simple!" I cried. "Quite so!" said he, a l
God's will! I pray thee, wish not one man more. By Jove, I am not covetous for gold, Nor care I who doth feed upon my cost; It yearns me n
s murder." "Exactly. She does not shine as a wife even in her own account of what occurred. I am not a whole-soule
 there is no great mystery in that. But you will know all about it soon enough. How sweet the morning air is! See how that one little cloud floats like a pink feather from some gigantic flamingo. No
hich I caught with ringing in the King's affairs upon his coronation day, sir. FALSTAFF. Come, thou shalt go to the wars in a gown. W
day that I crown my career by the capture or extinction of the most dangerous and capable criminal in Europe." I shall
 a shrill, excited intake. In the dim light I saw his head thrown forward, his whole attitude rigid with attention. Outside, the street was absolutely deserted. Those two men might still be crouc
S. 'Tis Joan, not we, by whom the day is won; For which I will divide my crown with her; And all the 
h, not fear them. CLOTEN. Die the death. When I have slain thee with my proper hand, I'll follow those that even now fled hence, And on the gates of Lud's Town set
ch loomed so gloomily through the fogs of winter. Our blinds were half-drawn, and Holmes lay curled upon the s
 come to closer quarters with the gentleman who has paid this visit in the night." It was past eleven o'clock when we formed our little ambuscade. H
morning after Christmas, with the intention of wishing him the compliments of the season. He was lounging upon th
thick fog rolled down between the lines of dun-coloured houses, and the opposing windows loomed like dark, shapeless blurs through the heavy yellow wreaths. O
ade of my own. I suppose I am the only one in the world. I'm a consulting detective, if you can understand what that is. Here in London we have lots of Government de
ral threads in our hands, and the odds are that one or other of them guides us to the truth. We may waste time in following the wrong one, but sooner or later we must come upon the right." 
ad man interr'd. [Lays him in the tomb.] How oft when men are at the point of death Have they been merry! which their keepers call A lightning befo
not swear! Hold little faith, though thou has too much fear. Enter SIR ANDREW AGUECHEEK. For the love of God, a 
 Could I not snap the bond? I was already a dying and a desperate man. Though clear of mind and fairly strong of limb, I knew that my own fate was sealed. But my
however, or bona-fide country was more than I could possibly venture to say. "There was a colored gas-lamp inside which 
hes, near Winchester. "'Dear Miss Hunter: "'Miss Stoper has very kindly given me your address, and I w
nt. IMOGEN. I will write. Send your trunk to me; it shall safe be kept And truly yielded you. You're very welcome. Exeunt <<THIS E
My dear fellow, I congratulate you." "I assure you, Watson, without affectation, that the status of my client is a matter of less moment to me than the int
the method: in the first of his heart. OLIVIA. O, I have read it; it is heresy. Have you no more to say? VI
en my angry guardant stood alone, Tend'ring my ruin and assail'd of none, Dizzy-ey'd fury and great rage of
wherewithal. In him Sparing would show a worse sin than ill doctrine: Men of his way should be most liberal, They are set here for examples. CHAMBERLAIN. True, th
lternation between savage fits of passion and gloomy intervals of sulking. Giving pain to any creature weaker than himself seems to be his 
hen their ladies bid 'em clap. THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LI
 do dwell, That he hath turn'd a heaven unto a hell! LYSANDER. Helen, to you our minds we will unfold: To-morrow night, when Phoe
nd then?" "Then Nancy fainted, and I caught up the key of the door from her hand, intending to unlock it and get help. But as I was doing
he memory of your dear mother, and by the love which had been between us, to hurl it into the fire and to never give one thought to it agai
ousekeeper now, but she is old and foolish, and I could easily get her out of the way." "Excellent. You are not averse to this trip, Watson?" "By no means." "Then we shall both come. Wh
re fires thou find'st unrak'd, and hearths unswept, There pinch the maids as blue as bilberry; Our radiant Queen hates sluts and sluttery. FALSTAFF. They are fa
t they were hopelessly blurred and vague. Holmes stopped over them for an instant, and then rose shrugging his shoulders. "I don't think any one could make much o
g in't that stings his nature; for on the reading it he chang'd almost into another man. SECOND LORD. He has much worthy blame laid upon him for shaking off so good a wife and so sweet a lady. F
welvemonth since, then leaving her In the protection of his son, her brother, Who shortly also died; for whose dear love, They say, she hat
llain, hie thee straight; Give her this key, and tell her in the desk That's cover'd o'er with Turkish tapestry There is a purse of ducat
ly figure, her eyes fixed upon his as if she would read his very soul. Her hand was on the bell, but she had forborne to r
ses, there is the smithy. Yes, it is an interesting place, this Fighting Cock. I think we shall have another look at it in an uno
And sinks most lamentably. Had our general Been what he knew himself, it had gone well. O, he has given example for our flight Most grossly by hi
hy did they not instantly give the alarm? That is the question which faces us, and when it has been answered we shall surely have gone some way to solve our problem." "I am co
n. I will example it: The fox, the ape, and the humble-bee, Were still at odds, being but three. There
re I tied to run afoot Even to the frozen ridges of the Alps, Or any other ground inhabitable Where ever Englishman durst set his foot. Meantime let this defend m
rs! be aidant and remediate In the good man's distress! Seek, seek for him! Lest his ungovern'd rage dissolve the life That wants the means to lead it. Enter Messenger. Mess. News, madam. The Britis
en my blood-relation. I welted the little devil with the slack end of the rope for it, but it was done, and I
ess: Let this sad interim like the ocean be Which parts the shore, where two contracted new, Come daily to the banks, that when they see: Return of love, more blest m
! Go on, good Eglamour, Out at the postern by the abbey wall; I fear I am attended by some spies. EGLAMOUR. Fear not. The forest is not three leagues off; If 
ENA. Yet, I pray you: But with the word the time will bring on summer, When briers shall have leaves as well as thorns And be as sweet as sharp. We must away; Our waggon is prepar'd, and time
cope with him. CLIFFORD. Had I thy brethren here, their lives and thine Were not revenge sufficient for me; No, if I digg'd up thy forefathers' 
her much upon these years That you are now a maid. Thus then in brief: The valiant Paris seeks you for his love. Nurse. A man, young lady! lad
 I rode on. 'Tis yours because you lik'd it. THIRD LORD. O, I beseech you pardon me, my lord, in that. TIMON. You may take my word, m
e gave a little cry of satisfaction, and, following the direction of his eager eyes, I saw that a hansom cab with a man inside which had halted on the other side of the street was now pr
o chamberlains Will I with wine and wassail so convince That memory, the warder of the brain, Shall be a fume and
s' favours! There is betwixt that smile we would aspire to, That sweet aspect of princes, and their ruin More pangs and fears than
ere?" "To Miss Marie Devine. There is nothing to show where the check was drawn. It was cashed at the Credit Lyonnais 
 backs of Britons seen, an flying, Through a strait lane- the enemy, full-hearted, Lolling the tongue with slaught'ring, having work More plentiful than tools to do't, struck down 
d not open." She touched a spring, and the front hinged back. There was a portrait within of a man strikingly handsome and intelligent-looking, 
hich thou art more puzzled than the Egyptians in their fog. MALVOLIO. I say this house is as dark as ignora
If I know how or which way to order these affairs Thus disorderly thrust into my hands, Never believe me. Both are my kinsmen. T'one is my sovereign, whom both my oath And duty bids def
er gifts appertinent to man, as the malice of this age shapes them, are not worth a gooseberry. You 
d get down to present-day facts. I called last night, as I have already said, at the Manor House. I did not see either Barker or Mrs. Douglas. I saw no necessity to disturb them; but I was ple
and so it is hard to judge. But it did seem very loud." "You don't think that it might have been two shots fired almost at the same instant?" "I am sure I couldn't 
 Watson, and both in my favour. I haven't had such a day since I had Sir John Morland for trespass, because he shot in his own warren." "How on earth did you d
ning prisoners. The two warders had been shot and thrown overboard, and so also had the third mate. Prendergast then descended into the 'tween-decks and with hi
the traitor's life. Wrath makes him deaf; speak thou, Northumberland. NORTHUMBERLAND. Hold, Clifford! do not honour him so much To prick th
 the ninth hour, I drunk him to his bed, Then put my tires and mantles on him, whilst I wore his sword Philippan. Enter a MESSENGER O! from Italy?
donian accent. Twice already in his career had Holmes helped him to attain success, his own sole reward being the intellectual joy of the problem. For this reason the affection and
Mantua. What says Romeo? Or, if his mind be writ, give me his letter. John. Going to find a barefoot brother out, One of our order, to associate me Here in
though I make this marriage for my peace, I' th' East my pleasure lies. Enter VENTIDIUS O, come, Ventidius, You must to
nce the colours of my love, And not retire. Let me have your good will. ANNE. Good mother, do not marry me to yond fool. MRS. PAGE. I mean it not; I seek you a better husb
or an instant regret it. It was our misfortune that our only child took after his people rather than mi
rity and comely love. Hero. And seem'd I ever otherwise to you? Claud. Out on the seeming! I will write again
woman, tall, dark, and slender, some twenty years younger than her husband, a disparity which seemed in no wise to mar the contentment of their family life. It was remarked sometimes, however, by t
It is customary at Mawson's for the clerks to leave at midday on Saturday. Sergeant Tuson, of the City Police, was somewhat surp
chimney. Hence one would expect the effects of the poison to be less than in the second case, where 
oke. I packed my things, banged the hall door behind me, and set off for Esher, with my bag in my hand. I called at Allan Brothers', the chief land 
found, as we had expected, that the inspector was just leaving his lodgings. "You've seen the paper, Mr. Holmes?" he asked, holding one out to us. "Yes, Baynes, 
o, now thy image doth appear In the rare semblance that I lov'd it first. Dog. Come, bring away the plaintiffs. By this time our sexton hath reformed Signior Leonato of the matter. And, masters, 
e treaties, dodge And palter in the shifts of lowness, who With half the bulk o' th' world play'd as I pleas'd, Making and marring fortunes. You did know 
right, while a half-moon bathed the whole scene in a soft, uncertain light. Before us lay the dark bulk of the house, its serrated roof and bristling chimneys hard outlined against the silver-spangl
 I came to be in his power. "It was in the early '60's at the diggings. I was a young chap then, hot-blooded and reckless, ready to turn my hand at anything; I
the bedside of the sufferer. It was not until close upon six o'clock that I found myself free and was able to spring into a hansom and drive to Baker Street, ha
 determination. There were some who accused him of lukewarmness in his adopted religion, and others who put it down to greed of wealth and r
ounsel I have spoken Is so from word to word; and then you cannot, By the good aid that I of you shall borrow, Err in bestowing it. WIDOW. I should believe you; For you ha
ase my pain." "Painful, is it? Yes, the coolies used to do some squealing towards the end. Takes you as cramp, I fancy." "Yes, yes; it is
ave so homely a thing as a goose at one end of this chain, we have at the other a man who will certainly get s
e, 'I saw him enter such a house of sale,' Videlicet, a brothel, or so forth. See you now- Your bait of falsehood takes this carp of truth; And thus do we of wisd
ur Alexandrian revels; Antony Shall be brought drunken forth, and I shall see Some squeaking Cleopatra boy my greatness I' t
, well, I made thee miserable What time I threw the people's suffrages On him that thus doth tyrannize o'er me. Go get you gone; and pray be careful all, And leave you not a man
u must not stay behind. Glou. Come, come, away! Exeunt [all but Edgar]. Edg. When we our betters see bearing our woes, We scarcely think our miseries our 
to remember wrongs? Daughter, speak you: He cares not for your weeping. Speak thou, boy; Perhaps thy childishness will 
LLA. As much for my poor brother as myself; That is, were I under the terms of death, Th' impression of keen whips I'd wear as rubies, And 
and all the rest so laugh'd that it pass'd. CRESSIDA. So let it now; for it has been a great while going by. PANDARUS. Well, cousi
e may in our humble way do something to make things more easy for him until he becomes accustomed to his new surro
UDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE I. Cyprus. A street. Enter Iago and Roder
UDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. Scene I. Elsinore. A churchyard. Enter two Clowns, [with
services to do till you require. Nor dare I chide the world-without-end hour, Whilst I (my sovereign) watch the clock for you, Nor think the bitterness of abs
m. Heavens! what a yell he gave; and his face gets between me and my sleep! I stood there, with his bl
irit, see, Sits in a foggy cloud and stays for me. Exit. FIRST WITCH. Come, let's make haste; she'll soon be back again. Exeunt. SCENE VI. Forres. The palace. Enter Lennox and another Lord. LENNO
 hath done To thee particularly, and to all the Volsces, Great hurt and mischief; thereto witness may My surname, Corio
Good faith, I tremble still with fear; but if there be Yet left in heaven as small a drop of pity As a wren's eye, fear'd gods, a part of it! The drea
R. The worthiest of them tell me name by name; But for Achilles, my own searching eyes Shall find him by his large and portly size. AGAMEMNON.Worthy all arms! as welcome a
 like the neighbourhood in which she found herself. While she was walking in this way down Swandam Lane, she suddenly hea
ccupied by that little affair of the Vatican cameos, and in my anxiety to oblige the Pope I lost touch with several interesting English cases. This article, 
e shapeless smudges of dust upon the cocoa-nut matting which served as a stair-carpet. He walked slowly from step to step, holding the lamp, and shooting keen glances to right and left. Miss
iefest virtue and Most dignifies the haver. If it be, The man I speak of cannot in the world Be singly counterpois'd. At sixteen years, When Tarquin made a he
ly sits on brood; And I do doubt the hatch and the disclose Will be some danger; which for to prevent, I have in quick determination Thus set 
unless you just happened to have the key to it. Well, Elsie learned some of our ways; but she couldn't stand the business, and she had a bit of 
without any preliminary sound in the midst of the utter stillness, the door of my room swung slowly open. The woma
-drinking sighs, And all to have the noble Duke alive. What know I how the world may deem of me? For it is known we we
from his Lascar confederate that the police are hurrying up the street. There is not an instant to be lost. He rushes to some secret hoard, where he has accumulated t
The family was at one time among the richest in England, and the estates extended over the borders into 
eing unprepared, Our will became the servant to defect, Which else should free have wrought. BANQUO. All's well. I dreamt last night of the three weird
EGLAMOUR. The sun begins to gild the western sky, And now it is about the very hour That Silvia at Friar Patrick's cell should meet me. She will not
ddock," he said. "Who attends to them?" "I do, sir." "Have you noticed anything amiss with them of late?" "Well, sir, not of much a
ffith, tell me how he died. If well, he stepp'd before me, happily, For my example. GRIFFITH. Well, the voice goes, m
wo towers of Baskerville Hall, and there a distant blur of smoke which marked the village of Grimpen. Between the two, behind th
bjection. KING HENRY. So, if a son that is by his father sent about merchandise do sinfully miscarry upon the sea, the imputation of his wickedness, by your rule, sho
e, as cold a night as 'tis, he could wish himself in Thames up to the neck; and so I would he were, and I by him, at all 
ng has been touched or taken, but there were the footprints to prove that the intrusion was an undoubted fact. "Mr. Blessington seemed more excited over the matt
oots, you say?" "Well, mislaid it, anyhow. I put them both outside my door last night, and there was only one in the morning. I could get no sense out of the chap who cleans them. The worst of 
hat year we found ourselves together in a small cottage near Poldhu Bay, at the further extremity of the Cornish peninsula. It was a singular spot
her to get the town again or die; And I, as sure as English Henry lives And as his father here was conqueror, As
e angry now? What envy reach you? The Spaniard, tied by blood and favour to her, Must now confess, if they have any goodness, The trial just and noble. All the clerks, I m
nd bolts up change, Which sleeps, and never palates more the dug, The beggar's nurse and Caesar's. Enter, to the gates of the monument, PROCULEIUS
side of the Thames. His residence and principal consulting-room is at Kennington Road, but he has a branch surgery and dispensary at 
 she was retiring by disposition, and very much absorbed, to all appearance, in her husband and her domest
shoulders. "I am sorry," he said, and without another word we left the room and the house. There was a pond in the 
 all that had passed during those dreadful hours might have been an evil dream. "Half dazed, I went into the station and a
ur knees, You shall ask pardon of his Majesty. LUCIUS. We do, and vow to heaven and to his Highness That what we did was mildly as we mig
thal. His eye begets occasion for his wit, For every object that the one doth catch The other turns to a mirth-moving jest, Which his fair tongue, conceit's
 my throbbing breast; But where's the body that I should embrace? BUCKINGHAM. What answer makes your Grace to the r
the latest periodicals. It is for the convenience of these that the Diogenes Club was started, and it now contains the most unsociable and un
 his face glimmered white through the darkness. "My God, what's that, Watson?" "I don't know. It's a sound they have on the moor. I heard it 
ed many nicer needs. The last was the greatest, but that I have not ended yet. SECOND LORD. If the business be of any difficulty and this morning your dep
vant. SUFFOLK. Then, that without the knowledge Either of King or Council, when you went Ambassador to the Emperor, you made bold To carry into Flanders the great seal. SURREY. Item, you
ittle darting glances from one to the other. "They are disguised hands, except the letter," he said, presently, "b
e queer part of my story. About a week ago--it was the Tuesday of last week--I found on one of the window-sills a number of absurd lit
led in ink upon it. "What's this?" he asked, holding it up. Barker looked at it with curiosity. "I never noticed it before," he said. "The murderer must have left it
kingdom, indirectly held From him, the native and true challenger. FRENCH KING. Or else what follows? EXETER. Bloody constraint; for if you hide the crown Even in your hearts, there will he rake for 
sander, if you live, good sir, awake. LYSANDER. [Waking] And run through fire I will for thy sweet sake. Tran
PRINCE. I do allow this well to be as familiar with me as my dog; and he holds his place, for look you how he writes. POINS. [Reads] 'John Falstaff, knight'- Every man must
ong one. It was with some surprise, therefore, that I saw him walk into my consulting-room upon the evening
by solemn fowls, who lazily shifted their weight from one leg to the other as our voices disturbed th
not know of a close intimacy." "There can be no doubt about the matter. They meet, they write, there is a complete understanding between them. Now, this p
 returned to civil practice), when my way led me through Baker Street. As I passed the well-remembered door, which must always be associated in my mind
on where!- 'twas at a feast- O, would Our viands had been poison'd, or at least Those which I heav'd to head!- the good Posthumus- What should I say?
dious homily of love have you wearied your parishioners withal, and never cried 'Have patience, good people.' CELIA. How now! Back, friends; shephe
Lucentio TRANIO BIONDELLO Servants to Petruchio GRUMIO CURTIS A PEDANT Daughters to Baptista KATHERINA, the shrew BIANCA A WIDOW Tailor, Haberdasher, and Se
u like, we shall drive round together after luncheon." "Certainly," I answered, and the conversation drifted away into other ch
 glibly. "They are friends of mine and gentlemen of experience, but they have been out of a place for some little time, and t
lph, With a great power of English and of Scots, Are by the shrieve of Yorkshire overthrown. The manner and tr
ey. Sherlock Holmes sat moodily at one side of the fireplace cross-indexing his records of crime, while I at the other was deep in one of Clark Russell's fine sea
h something now offends me- Of all that I do know. Nor know I aught By me that's said or done amiss this night, Unless self-cha
xion." "Yes, sir; near Farnham, on the borders of Surrey." "A beautiful neighbourhood and full of the most interesting associations. You reme
derers. KING HENRY. We do not mean the coursing snatchers only, But fear the main intendment of the Scot, Who hath been still a giddy neighbour to us; For you shall re
his direction at some late hour of the night, but at what point he entered the train it is impossible to state." "His ticket, of course, would show that." "There was no
g of it recalled in an instant all the particulars of my night's adventure, and I sprang to my feet with the feeling that I might hardly yet be saf
on which he can lay his hands into the pockets to make sure of the coat's sinking. He throws it out, and would have done the same with the
ve found out Such fiery numbers as the prompting eyes Of beauty's tutors have enrich'd you with? Other slow arts entirely keep the brain; And therefore, finding barren practisers, Sc
tances of my death. "At last, when you had all formed your inevitable and totally erroneous conclusions, you departed for the hotel and I was left alone. I had imag
t while you have been out of work?' he asked. "'Yes. I read the stock exchange list every morning.' "'Now that shows real application!' he cried. 'That is the 
haw from America with their papers. It may well have been cause and effect. It is no wonder that he and
"The probability lies in that direction. And if we take this as a working hypothesis we have a fresh basis from which to start our construction of 
 know; For still her cheeks possess the same Which native she doth owe. A dangerous rhyme, master, against the reason of white and red. ARMADO. Is there not a 
r aye Be crown'd with plagues, that thee alone obey! Fit I meet them. [Advancing from his cave] POET. Hail, worthy Timon! PAINTER. Our la
eyes which peered fiercely to right and left through the darkness, like a crafty and savage animal who has heard the steps of the hunters. Something had evid
. His tangled beard, grizzled hair, and outstanding, drooping eyebrows combined to give an air of dignity and power to his appearanc
housand men Did triumph in my face, and they are fled; And, till so much blood thither come again, Have I not reason to look pale and dead? All souls that will be safe, fly from my side; For ti
are ended, I'll tell you largely of fair Hero's death. Meantime let wonder seem familiar, And to the chapel let us presently. Bene. Soft and fair, friar. Which is Beatrice? Beat. [unmask
 That's all the fault. I spoke with her but once, And found her wondrous cold; but I sent to her, By this same coxcomb that we have i' th' wind, Tokens and letters which
rd, they have devis'd a mean How he her chamber window will ascend And with a corded ladder fetch her down; For which the youthful lover now is gone, And 
 six." "Whom was it to?" Holmes put his finger to his lips and glanced at me. "The last words in it were 'for God's 
's untrue, And knew the patterns of his foul beguiling; Heard where his plants in others' orchards grew; Saw how deceits were gilded in his smiling
rench detective service. He has all the Celtic power of quick intuition, but he is deficient in the wide range of exact knowledge which is 
ains were drawn and before six when the bridge was raised. He slipped into this room, because it was the first that he
nexment, petty consequence, Attends the boist'rous ruin. Never alone Did the king sigh, but with a general groan. King. Arm you, I pra
t she would. She must have heard of the business the day before, since all Croydon was ringing with it, and
ething into a slower method- Is not the causer of the timeless deaths Of these Plantagenets, Henry and Edward
Huxtable, it would be well to allow the people in your neighbourhood to imagine that the inquiry is still going on in Liverpool, or wherever el
y is your cheek so pale? How chance the roses there do fade so fast? HERMIA. Belike for want of rain, which I could well Beteem them from the tempest
ntime Mr. Merryweather, we must put the screen over that dark lantern." "And sit in the dark?" "I am af
 of breaking my country's laws, and was sentenced to transportation. Do not think very harshly of me, laddie. It was a debt of honor, so call
OHN. I pawn'd thee none: I promis'd you redress of these same grievances Whereof you did complain; which, by mine
s? HORTENSIO. Mates, maid! How mean you that? No mates for you, Unless you were of gentler, milder mould. KATHERINA. I' faith, sir, y
yourselves? I gave ye Power as he was a councillor to try him, Not as a groom. There's some of ye, I see, More out of malice than integrity, Would tr
all poisoned darts. What do you make of all this?" "A savage!" I exclaimed. "Perhaps one of those Indians who were the associates of Jonathan Small." "Hardly that," said he. "When fi
y wife is fond of a particular shade of electric blue and would like you to wear such a dress indoors in the morning. You need not, however, go to the expense of pur
York- thrust from the crown By shameful murder of a guiltless king And lofty proud encroaching tyranny- Burns with revenging fire, whose hopeful colours
No, sir; I have made inquiry all over the hotel, but I can hear no word of it." "Well, either that boot c
n? Good friend, go to him, for by this light of heaven, I know not how I lost him. Here I kneel: If e'er my will did trespass 'gainst his love Either in discourse of thought or
n to be considered. That's villanous and shows a most pitiful ambition in the fool that uses it. Go make you ready. Exeunt Players. Enter Polonius, Rosencrantz, and Guildenstern. 
 Chamberlain. Exit LORD CHAMBERLAIN; and the KING draws the curtain and sits reading pensively SUFFOLK. How sad he looks; sure, he is much af
rd. BUCKINGHAM. Why, then All-Souls' day is my body's doomsday. This is the day which in King Edward's time I wish'd might fall on me when I was found False to his children and his w
-day, and once on it I will not stop for rest or food until I run him to his burrow." "In that case," said I, "we had best carry our breakfast with us, for he is making an early start. 
." "My last client of the sort was a king." "Oh, really! I had no idea. And which king?" "The King of Scandinavia." "What! Had he lost his wife?" "You can understand," said Holmes
 message, thrice repeated to make it more so. But beware of what? Wait a bit, he is coming to the window once more." Again we saw t
how he heads it. "Reign of terror in the coal and iron district "Twelve years have now elapsed since the first assassinations which proved the existence of a criminal organizatio
the succession, how could he explain the fact that he, the heir, had been living unannounced under another name so close to 
oss, shaking hands. "I'll see Reilly the lawyer and take the defense upon myself. Take my word for it 
eness or manured with industry, why, the power and corrigible authority of this lies in our wills. If the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality,
he help of this good man, who led me to the cab, I should never had broken away. Now, thank God, I am beyond their power forever." We had all listened intently to t
can make it clearer. Most people, if you describe a train of events to them, will tell you what the result would be. They can put those eve
, and give me directly to understand you have prevail'd, I am no further your enemy- she is not worth our debate; if she remain unseduc'd, you not making it appea
 prove abortive. The outer door would not open to our knock, and nothing more substantial than a torrent of bad la
pale. Which when I saw, I reprehended them, And ask'd the Mayor what meant this wilfull silence. His answer was, the people were not used To be spok
fly, gentle lord; We coldly pause for thee. Chatillon, speak. CHATILLON. Then turn your forces from this paltry siege And stir them up against a mightier task. England, impatient
elaus; And ne'er was Agamemmon's brother wrong'd By that false woman as this king by thee. His father revell'd in
xpression of extraordinary concentration upon his clear-cut, hawklike features. "State your case," said he, in brisk, business tones. I felt that my position wa
 soft and tender fork Of a poor worm. Thy best of rest is sleep, And that thou oft provok'st; yet grossly fear'st Thy death, which is no more. Thou art not thyself
he is a devil in private brawl. Souls and bodies hath he divorc'd three; and his incensement at this moment is so implacable that satisfaction can b
ts brimful of fear, To manage private and domestic quarrel, In night, and on the court and guard of safety! 'Tis monstrous. Iago, who began't? MONTANO. If 
your toes," said he. "Here's a cigar, and the doctor has a prescription containing hot water and a lemon which is good medicine on a night like this. It must be somethin
ing she is advanc'd Above the clouds, as high as heaven itself? O, in this love, you love your child so ill That you run mad, s
 gone against my wishes. Twice my boy has asked her to marry him, for he loves her devotedly, but each time she has refused him. I think that if anyo
 about it is not long before everyone has heard it. Thanks to this lonely cottage and his own discretion, Godfrey has up to now succeeded.
ome, Queen Margaret: I can express no kinder sign of love Than this kind kiss. O Lord, that lends me life, Lend me a heart replete with thankfulness! For 
munched silently at his toast. One of the articles had a pencil mark at the heading, and I naturally began to run my eye through it. Its somewhat ambitious title was "
ant's flesh, Thou wilt not only loose the forfeiture, But, touch'd with human gentleness and love, Forgive a moiety of the principal, Glancing a
alks, which appeared to take him into the lowest portions of the City. Nothing could exceed his energy when th
ects. You shall also make no noise in the streets; for for the watch to babble and to talk is most tolerable, and not to be endured. 2. Watch. We will rather sleep than talk. We know wh
rts out ere I part you. The falcon as the tercel, for all the ducks i' th' river. Go to, go to. TROILUS. You have bereft me of all words, lady. PANDARUS. Words pay no debts, 
leasures wait on thee, And thou away, the very birds are mute. Or if they sing, 'tis with so dull a cheer, That leaves look pale, dreading the winter's near. 98 From you h
my eye, you see. When I put that with the voice and figure being the same, and only those things altered 
 callet know herself. Helen of Greece was fairer far than thou, Although thy husband may be Menelaus; And ne'er was Agamemmon's brother wrong'd By that 
oon companion, a cheery reveller, and withal a man of high temper, who would not take an insult even from the all-powerful Boss himself. But in addition to this he impressed his comrades with the ide
, No touch of bashfulness? What! Will you tear Impatient answers from my gentle tongue? Fie, fie! you counterfeit, you puppet you! HERMIA. 'Puppet!' why so? Ay, that way goes the game. Now
efreshingly unusual. But there is, if you will excuse my saying so, something just a little funny about it. Pray what steps did you take wh
 FIRST MUSICIAN. Whereby hangs a tale, sir? CLOWN. Marry, sir, by many a wind instrument that I know. But, masters, he
brought to the correction of your law. There is not now a rebel's sword unsheath'd, But Peace puts forth her olive everywhere. The manner how this a
 eyes. A few minutes later we had reached the lodge-gates, a maze of fantastic tracery in wrought iron, with weather-bitten pillars on either side, blotched w
ell up in anatomy, and he is a first-class chemist; but, as far as I know, he has never taken out any systematic medical classes. His studies are very desultory and
d, kiss'd, lov'd, and ador'd! And were there sense in his idolatry My substance should be statue in thy stead. I'll use thee kindly for thy mistress' sake, That us'd me so; or else, by Jove I vow
 frantically, and protested his innocence in the strongest terms. Evidence of a previous conviction for robbery having been given against the prisoner, the magist
oft Extremity of griefs would make men mad; And I have read that Hecuba of Troy Ran mad for sorrow. That made m
ese words have turn'd my hate to love; And I forgive and quite forget old faults, And joy that thou becom'st King Henry's friend. WARWICK. So much his fr
r, father!- Stop, stop! No help? Enter Gloucester, and Servants with torches. Glou. Now, Edmund, where's the villain? Edm. Here s
spleeny Lutheran; and not wholesome to Our cause that she should lie i' th' bosom of Our hard-rul'd King. Again, there is sprung up An hereti
know Yet living in my glass; even such and so In favour was my brother; and he went Still in this fashion, colour, ornament, For him I imitate. O, i
s, who hath done To thee particularly, and to all the Volsces, Great hurt and mischief; thereto witness may My surname, Coriolanus. The painful service, The extreme danger
ing-gown coiled up in an armchair with his black clay pipe between his lips. Several rolls of paper lay around hi
 gods above. TROILUS. O that I thought it could be in a woman- As, if it can, I will presume in you- To feed for aye her lamp and flames of love; To keep her constancy in plight and youth, Outliv
you, Which to you shall seem probable, of every These happen'd accidents; till when, be cheerful And think of each thing well. [Aside to ARIEL]
an instant we both sat bolt upright in our chairs, with all our weary senses keenly on the alert once more. We had heard the creak of a step in t
on, that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained. There I stayed for some time at a private h
oth fill'd and running- ravening first the lamb, Longs after for the garbage. IMOGEN. What, dear sir, Thus raps you? Are y
second were extremely condensed, while the last is, as I shall now show, an absolute perversion of the facts. It lies with me to tell fo
hen all else had been overcome. I know the men, the launch, everything; and yet I can get no news. I have set oth
on'd, Kept in a dark house, visited by the priest, And made the most notorious geck and gul That e'er invention play'd 
the note, then? Or did it come through the post?" "I have made inquiries," said the Inspector. "William received
ally a raving maniac. "You can imagine the state of things here when they were roused from their beds by the doctor's ringing and fou
 seem'd corporal melted As breath into the wind. Would they had stay'd! BANQUO. Were such things here as we do speak about? Or have we eaten on the insane root Tha
ur would become such a person- that it was no better than picture-like to hang by th' wall, if renown made it not stir- was pleas'd to let him seek danger where he was to fin
determine. Whip me? No, no; let carman whip his jade; The valiant heart's not whipt out of his trade. Exit ESCALUS. 
ediest bring us what she says, And how you find her. PROCULEIUS. Caesar, I shall. Exit CAESAR. Gallus, go you alon
in her chamber nothing saves The wager you have laid. IACHIMO. Then, if you can, [Shows the bracelet] Be pale. I beg but 
t not Nature's hand Keep the wild flood confin'd! Let order die! And let this world no longer be a stage To feed content
rom Hudson had become imminent. I found it in the Japanese cabinet, as he told the doctor. Take it and read it to me, for I have neither the s
a hot scent, and yet I could not in the least imagine in what direction his inferences were leading him. "My good sir," said Mr. Cunningham with some im
s courage. Away, I prithee. PISANIO. Well, madam, we must take a short farewell, Lest, being miss'd, I be suspected of Your 
od night unto you all. Give me your hands, if we be friends, And Robin shall restore amends. Exit THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WIL
 and so on. It is said to be heard at night upon the moor. I was wondering if there were any evidence of such a sound to-night." "W
everend estimation, for I never knew so young a body with so old a head. I leave him to your gracious acceptance, whose trial shall be
ight your lady's chamber window With some sweet consort; to their instruments Tune a deploring dump- the night's dead silence Will well become such
ints. All springs reduce their currents to mine eyes That I, being govern'd by the watery moon, May send forth plenteous tears to d
n any future proceedings which may arise. "Witness: I must still refuse. "The Coroner: I understand that the cry of 'C
ON INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE 2. The street in Windsor Enter MISTRESS PAGE and ROBIN MRS. PAGE. Nay, keep your way, little gallant; yo
 you, Antonio, I owe the most, in money and in love; And from your love I have a warranty To unburden all my plots and purposes How to get clear of all
rant, show thy face! If thou best slain and with no stroke of mine, My wife and children's ghosts will haunt me still. I cannot strike at wretched kerns, whose arms Are hired to bear 
CESTER. Ah, thus King Henry throws away his crutch Before his legs be firm to bear his body! Thus is the shepherd beaten from th
here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world That has such people in't! PROSPERO. 'Tis new to thee. ALONSO. What is this maid with whom th
 "'It is not worth your while to wait,' she went on. 'You can pass through the door; no one hinders.' And then, seeing that I smiled and shook my head, she suddenly threw aside h
oden leg, whatever you may have done to the gentleman at the Andaman Isles." "Well, and there is the end of our little drama," I remarked, after we had set som
Buckingham, And grumbling York; and not the least of these But can do more in England than the King. S
uld probably consider that to send back the launch or to keep it at a wharf would make pursuit easy if the police did happen to get on his track. How, then, could he conceal t
is also my custom,' said he, smiling in the most pleasant fashion until his eyes were just two little shining slits amid the white creases of his face, 
e, he has been more nearly correct than the official force." "Oh, if you say so, Mr. Jones, it is all right," said the stranger with deference. "Still, I confess that I miss my rubber. It is the fir
t ran in this way: "Mr. James McCarthy, the only son of the deceased, was then called and gave evidence as follows: '
d redoubted Burgundy, By whose approach the regions of Artois, Wallon, and Picardy, are friends to us, This happy night the Frenchmen are secure, Having all da
 for him who had removed its owner from the world. If ever human features bespoke vice of the most malignant type, they were certainly those of Enoch J. Drebber, of Cl
e to Sir Henry Baskerville, in my name, to say that if he finds the pocket-book which I have dropped he is to send it by registered post to Baker Street." "Yes, sir." "And ask
d than all Priam's sons; And Jove forbid there should be done amongst us Such things as might offend the weakest spleen To
embourg and Basle." At Canterbury, therefore, we alighted, only to find that we should have to wait an hour before we could get a train to Newhaven. I was still looking rather ru
eet you, general, And he requires your haste-post-haste appearance, Even on the instant. OTHELLO. What is the matter, think you? C
laus' queen, With wanton Paris sleeps-and that's the quarrel. To Tenedos they come, And the deep-drawing barks do there disgorge Their wa
ent, then tell me If this might be a brother. MIRANDA. I should sin To think but nobly of my grandmother: Good wombs have borne bad sons. PROSPERO. Now the condi
Ariel and all his quality. PROSPERO. Hast thou, spirit, Perform'd to point the tempest that I bade thee? ARIEL. To every article. I boa
, surveying vantage, With furbish'd arms and new supplies of men, Began a fresh assault. DUNCAN. Dismay'd not this Our captains, Macbeth and Banquo.? SERGEANT. Yes, As sparrows eagles, o
ent on by private inquiry agencies. They are all people who are in trouble about something, and want a little enlightening. I listen to their story, they lis
, Much castigation, exercise devout, For here's a young and sweating devil here That commonly rebels. 'Tis a good hand, A frank
es, Burgundy, Alencon, Reignier, compass him about, And Talbot perisheth by your default. SOMERSET. York set him on
t? MOWBRAY. I well allow the occasion of our amis; But gladly would be better satisfied How, in our means, we should advance ourselves To look with forehead bold and big enough Upon the
 ancient friend, Whom, though in general part we were oppos'd, Yet our old love had a particular force, And made us speak like fr
ke way, they are coming. A sennet. Enter the PATRICIANS and the TRIBUNES OF THE PEOPLE, LICTORS before them; CORIOLANUS, MENENIUS, C
mall importance when I looked at it, for the metal was almost black and the stones lustreless and dull. I rubbed
the house shortly after eight o'clock in the morning. I sat down beside the fire, however, with the 
prudence to leave so precious a thing in the office behind me. Bankers' safes had been forced before now, and why should not mine be? If so, how terrible would be the position i
nd I am glad to be able to restore it to the rightful owner." With many mumbled blessings and protestations of gratitude the old crone packed it away in her p
a sight. The man's face peeled off under the sponge like the bark from a tree. Gone was the coarse brown tint! Gone, too, was
the world who had no reason for removing them, since he was heir-at-law and would come into them in 
n the paddock," he said. "Who attends to them?" "I do, sir." "Have you noticed anything amiss with them of late?" "Well, sir, not of mu
s; their best conscience Is not to leave't undone, but keep't unknown. OTHELLO. Dost thou say so? IAGO. She did deceive he
selves and meet them at Philippi. BRUTUS. The deep of night is crept upon our talk, And nature must obey necessity, Which we will niggard with a little rest. There is no more to say? CASSIUS. No m
o be something even more satisfactory than an answer, however, for the door opened and a rough-looking fellow entered w
, of habits, and of forms, Varying in subjects as the eye doth roll To every varied object in his glance; Which parti-coated presence of loose love Put on by us, if in your heavenly eyes Have misbeco
way, who is that?" Only one window showed a light behind them; in it there stood a lamp, and beside it, seated at a table, was a dear old ruddy-faced woman in a c
Chrish sa' me, la. JAMY. By the mess, ere theise eyes of mine take themselves to slomber, ay'll de gud
tor. Off with his head! Now by Saint Paul I swear I will not dine until I see the same. Lovel and Ratcliff, look that it be
 only mock'd with two fair babes, A dream of what thou wast, a garish flag To be the aim of every dangerous shot
 it grew into a roomy villa. He was a man of a practical turn of mind, keen in his dealings and skilful with his hands. His iron constitution enabled him to work morning and evenin
and you! CYMBELINE. My lords, you are appointed for that office; The due of honour in no point omit. So farewell, noble Luciu
olutely nothing in their mutual relations to prepare people for the tragedy which was to follow. "Colonel Barclay himself seems to have had some singular traits in his character. He wa
And where my liege's? All about the breast. A caudle, ho! KING. Too bitter is thy jest. Are we betrayed th
THURIO. I'll wear a boot to make it somewhat rounder. JULIA. [Aside] But love will not be spurr'd to what it loathes.
PYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COP
ace Enter SUFFOLK, in conference with the KING, GLOUCESTER and EXETER KING HENRY. Your wondrous rare description, noble Earl, Of beauteous Margaret hath astonish'd m
I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him. The evil that men do lives after them, The good is oft interred with th
bits looking at himself in an equal light and being satisfied with such a result. I only quote this as a trivial example of observation and inference. Therein lies my métier, a
his song out anon by ourselves; my father and the gentlemen are in sad talk, and we'll not trouble them. Come, bring away
racle. ULYSSES. Troy, yet upon his basis, had been down, And the great Hector's sword had lack'd a master, But for these instances: The specialty of rule 
. Come on then, horse and chariots let us have, And to our sport. [To TAMORA] Madam, now shall ye see Our Roman hunting. MARCUS. I have dogs, my lord, Will rouse the proudest panther i
 muddy. Not one of them That yet looks on me, or would know me. Ariel, Fetch me the hat and rapier in my cell; Exit ARIEL I will discase me, and myself p
NA. Nay, then, Do what thou canst, I will not go to-day; No, nor to-morrow, not till I please myself. The door is open, sir; there lies your way; Y
 daughter of a yeoman who held lands near the Baskerville estate. But the young maiden, being discreet and of good repute, would ever avo
other parts Of necessary fitness? So play the foolish throngs with one that swoons; Come all to help him, and so stop the air By which he should revive; and even so The general subject to a well-wis
 antiquity to excuse it. I have a copy of the questions and answers here if you care to run your eye over them.' "He handed me the very pa
n more trusty servant and set him to play the spy upon the first? This second man was ordered never to let Achmet ou
e table and spreading out in front of him the various papers upon which were recorded the antics of the dancing men. "As to you, friend Watson, I owe you every aton
IVIA. O, do not swear! Hold little faith, though thou has too much fear. Enter SIR ANDREW AGUECHEEK. Fo
e taken him at a word, I would I might go to hell among the rogues. And so he fell. When he came to himse
tence of this Jonathan Small. However, if you can catch him I don't see how I can refuse you an interview with him." "That is understood, then?" "Perfectly. Is there anything else?" "Only that 
 you, my man, that nothing is missing, or you would find yourself in Queer Street. I'm sorry to have called you down over such a petty business, Mr. Holmes, but I thought the point of the second 
 very easy one, but people do not practise it much. In the every-day affairs of life it is more useful to reason forwards, and so the other comes to be ne
e he suck'd it. Thus has he, and many more of the same bevy that I know the drossy age dotes on, only got the tune of 
e night, and McMurdo was leaving his house to attend it when Morris, the weaker brother of the order, came to see him. 
 happened, then, to bring one of the foremost citizens of London to this most pitiable pass? We waited, all curiosity, until with anoth
ion." It was a sight to see Cecil Barker's expressive face during this exposition of the great detective. Anger, amazement, consternation, and indecision swept over it in turn. Finall
ould now come to light, for I have reasons to know that there are widespread rumours as to the death of 
eon's length; whilst they distill'd Almost to jelly with the act of fear, Stand dumb and speak not to him. This t
fate I told you of, first turned my attention in the direction of the profession which has become my life's work. You see me now when my name has
ce that I can do you, my friend?" "A match and a cigarette." I nearly called out in my joy and my amazement. He was speaking in his natural voice--a li
assistance. Of course I dropped everything and set out for the North once more. "He met me with the dog-cart at the station, and I s
he room. His mistress had ceased to scream and was stretched insensible upon a couch, while with his feet tilted over the side of an arm-chair, and his 
le of the night he heard a soft tread pass his door, so he rose and, looking out, was surprised to see his co
pening his note-book. "He disappeared upon the 3d of December, 1878,--nearly ten years ago." "His luggage?" "Remained at the hotel. There w
in my thoughts becomes me best, If I begin the batt'ry once again, I will not leave the half-achieved Harfleur Till in her ashes she lie buried. The gates of mercy shall be all 
r of them look for such observancy As fits the bridal. Beshrew me much, Emilia, I was, unhandsome warrior as I am, Arraigning his unkindness with my soul; But now I find I had suborn'd the witness, 
ANIA, with all their train OBERON. Through the house give glimmering light, By the dead and drowsy fire; Every elf and fairy 
bclavian artery. I should have fallen into the hands of the murderous Ghazis had it not been for the devotion and courage shown by Mur
 heavens he be, For I have served him, and the man commands Like a full soldier. Let's to the seaside, ho! As well
here alone. Exeunt PERCY and LORDS What is the matter with our cousin now? AUMERLE. For ever may my knees grow to the earth, [Kneels] My tongue cleave to my roof within my mouth, Unless a pard
thdraw when Holmes pulled me abruptly into the room and closed the door behind me. "You could not possibly have come at a better time, my dear Watson," he said cordially. "I was afraid that you 
 a questionable shape That I will speak to thee. I'll call thee Hamlet, King, father, royal Dane. O, answer me? Let me not burst in ignorance, but tell Why thy canoniz'd bones, hearsed 
s no exit?" "None." "Is it furnished?" "It was empty yesterday." "Then what on earth can he be doing? There is something which I don't understand in his manner. If ever a man was three parts mad with
w now, what's the matter? POET. For shame, you generals! What do you mean? Love, and be friends, as two such men s
this reproach. TITUS. 'Tis sure enough, an you knew how; But if you hunt these bear-whelps, then beware: The dam will wake; and if she wi
 not now abandon His own chosen people." "Amen! Amen!" responded the whole party. They were about to resume their journey when one of the youngest and k
 alder-liefest sovereign, Makes me the bolder to salute my king With ruder terms, such as my wit affords And over-joy of heart doth minister. KING HENRY. Her sight did ravish, but h
gether. So through Lud's Town march; And in the temple of great Jupiter Our peace we'll ratify; seal it with feasts. Set on there!
oked upon as akin to bad taste. Heavy bands of astrakhan were slashed across the sleeves and fronts of his double-breasted coat, while the deep blue cloak which was thrown over his should
make all fiction with its conventionalities and foreseen conclusions most stale and unprofitable." "And yet
ncle, however. He drank more than ever, and he was less inclined for any sort of society. Most of his time he would 
 other servants following TIMON. Imprison'd is he, say you? MESSENGER. Ay, my good lord. Five talents is his debt; His means most
aded him from a first. ORLANDO. You mean to mock me after; you should not have mock'd me before; but come your ways. ROSALIND. Now, Hercules be thy speed, young man! CE
thin, demure, and common-place--by no means the conception one forms of a Russian nobleman. I was much more struck by the appearance 
f I remember right, quite garrulous towards the end." He picked the volume from his desk. "Here is page 534, column two, a substantial block of print dea
u would find yourself in my shoes. It's for the lodge to say that. But so long as I am the chief I'll have no man lift h
that you may even have read some account of the matter. It is the supposed murder of Colonel Barclay, of 
 no more, Portia is Brutus' harlot, not his wife. BRUTUS. You are my true and honorable wife, As dear to me as are the ruddy drops That vi
city is much bound to him. Jul. Nurse, will you go with me into my closet To help me sort such needful ornaments As you think fit to furnish me to-morrow? Mother. No, not 
f France. Were but his picture left amongst you here, It would amaze the proudest of you all. Give me their bodies, that I may bear them hence And give them
ade you, Unlike all others, chaffless. Pray your pardon. IMOGEN. All's well, sir; take my pow'r i' th' court for yours. IACHIMO. My hu
d me; in requital whereof, henceforth carry your letters yourself; and so, sir, I'll commend you to my ma
thing but inexplicable dumb shows and noise. I would have such a fellow whipp'd for o'erdoing Termagant. It out-herods Herod. Pray you avoid it. Player. I warrant you
. I had my trial, And must needs say a noble one; which makes me A little happier than my wretched father; Yet thus far we are one in fortunes: both Fell by our 
d had I not made a careful examination of the walls." The little man's eyes sparkled as he spoke, and he was evidently i
wealthy in my friends. Within there! Flaminius! Servilius! Enter FLAMINIUS, SERVILIUS, and another SERVANT
 Laughest thou, wretch? Thy mirth shall turn to moan. TALBOT. I laugh to see your ladyship so fond To think that you have aught but Talbot's shadow Whereon to p
e these: about four o'clock on Christmas morning, Peterson, who, as you know, is a very honest fellow, was returning from some small jollification a
'er she did itch. Then to sea, boys, and let her go hang! This is a scurvy tune too; but here's my comfort. [Drinks] CALIBAN. Do not torment me. O! STEPHANO. What's the matter? H
. Did you get your other boot?" "No, sir, it is gone forever." "Indeed. That is very interesting. Well, good-bye," he added as the
Duke of Gloucester; ere thou go, Give up thy staff; Henry will to himself Protector be; and God shall be my hope, My stay, my guide, and l
my glories In that one woman I have lost for ever. No sun shall ever usher forth mine honours, Or gild
 living here at home. He shan't know either; for he has got too much conscience for the likes of me. But he's a good-hearted old chap. It was his idea that 
EROS. I would not see't. ANTONY. Come, then; for with a wound I must be cur'd. Draw that thy honest sword, which thou hast worn Most useful for t
exorcisms? HUME. Ay, what else? Fear you not her courage. BOLINGBROKE. I have heard her reported to be a woman of an invincible spiri
nd abhor the Moor; very nature will instruct her in it and compel her to some second choice. Now sir, thi
 wherein such preparation was gained; and in him that escapes it were not sin to think that, making God so free an offer, He let him o
 as we pass along; And he that throws not up his cap for joy Shall for the fault make forfeit of his head. King 
ss as though he would hurl it at the head of his companion. Then he laughed in his loud, boisterous, insincere fashion. "You're a queer card, for
ess for sleep. I left him smoking hard, with his heavy, dark brows knotted together, and his long, nervous fingers tapping upon the arms of his chair, as he tur
times more deadly. Having had a good look at his man, McMurdo elbowed his way forward with his usual careless audacity, and pushed himself through the little gr
 deep thought for a time, and I could see by his ruffled brow that this grim discovery had not, in his opinion, advanced us much in our inquiry. "It is a little difficult to know what to
ch makes the danger. Still, it is clear that she is not personally threatened." "No. If she can come to Winchester 
 straight in to me." CHAPTER IV The Story of the Bald-Headed Man We followed the Indian down a sordid and common passage, ill lit and worse furnis
my part assign'd; All westward, Wales beyond the Severn shore, And all the fertile land within that bound, To Owen Glendower; and, dear coz, to you The 
know that there are widespread rumours as to the death of Dr. Grimesby Roylott which tend to make the matter even more terrible 
," he reported, after a short examination of the grass bed, "a number twelve shoe, I should say. If he was all on the same scale as h
ute up so as to give me a clear run. This is the house, this big one in its own grounds. Through the gate--
going to propose it." "Then, if my friend of the night comes to revisit me, he will find the bird flown. We are all in
But he has never let us get together, and it was only to-day for the first time that I saw a chance of having a few words with her alone. She was glad to meet me,
t a perfect thought. I will upon all hazards well believe Thou art my friend that know'st my tongue so well. Who art t
 can blame you. There is no precaution which you have neglected. Now, Mr. Holmes, you are in full possession 
go. LODOVICO. Wrench his sword from him. IAGO. I bleed, sir, but not kill'd. OTHELLO. I am not sorry neither. I'ld have thee live, For, in my sense, 'tis happiness to 
 me. 'Now, Enoch Drebber,' I continued, turning to him, and holding the light to my own face, 'who am I?' "He gazed at me with bleared, drunken
 increased length of his strides. He was talking all the while, and working himself up, no doubt, into a fury. Then
t proved. I spent the whole of yesterday evening in making enquiries entirely without avail. This morning I began very early, and at eight o'clock I reached Halliday's Private Hotel, in Little Geor
o far afoot, I shall be weary, love. Lady. Come, come, you paraquito, answer me Directly unto this question that I ask. I'll break thy little finger, Harry, An if thou wilt not tell my all things tr
, laugh well at me. KING. Now, good Lafeu, Bring in the admiration, that we with the May spend our wonder too, or take off thine By wond'ring how thou to
And maintain such a quarrel openly? Full well I wot the ground of all this grudge: I would not for a million of gold The ca
ing we received a visit from an acquaintance, Mr. Hilton Soames, tutor and lecturer at the College of St. Luke's. Mr. Soa
 their promises, Ere he take ship for France- and in Southampton. Linger your patience on, and we'll digest Th' abuse of distance, force a play. The sum is paid, the traitors are agreed, Th
nd I'll get him sure if I have to wait a year for him." A vote of thanks and confidence was passed in full lodge, and so for the time the matter ended. When a few weeks later it was reported 
 I answered. "But supposing anyone applies, I have no ring." "Oh yes, you have," said he, handing me one. "T
e so clear, And such a counterpart shall fame his wit, Making his style admired every where. You to yo
his train of reasoning in my head I naturally looked about in Mortimer Tregennis's room to find some remains of this substance. The obvious place to look was the talc shelf or smo
ON. Why should I, Mother? Poor birds they are not set for. My father is not dead, for all your saying. 
t Mrs. Watson has entirely recovered from all the little excitements connected with our adventure of the Sign of Four." "Thank you, we are both very well," said 
el him thence. I think he'll be to Rome As is the osprey to the fish, who takes it By sovereignty of nature. First he was
encing my tongue. In an instant I had slipped the revolver from the drawer into my pocket, and was covering him through the cloth. At hi
t I fear may chance. Good morrow to you. Here the street is narrow, The throng that follows Caesar at the heels, Of
here's Poins, Hal? Prince. He is walk'd up to the top of the hill. I'll go seek him. [Steps aside.] Fal. I am accurs'd to rob 
staken, to speak for himself." A moment later the tall and portly form of Mycroft Holmes was ushered into the room. Heavily built 
existence of this Jonathan Small. However, if you can catch him I don't see how I can refuse you an interview with him." "T
society, and she could see that I was amused." "Her father is very rich?" "He is said to be the richest man on the Pacific slop
f the King's party LORD CHIEF JUSTICE SERVANT, to Lord Chief Justice SIR JOHN FALSTAFF EDWARD POINS BARDOLPH PISTOL PETO Irregular humourists PAGE, to Falstaff ROBERT SHALLOW and S
 resume that course of tobacco-poisoning which you have so often and so justly condemned," said he. "With your permission, gentlemen, we 
 very sorry for't. DUKE. [To Othello.] What in your own part can you say to this? BRABANTIO. Nothing, but this is so. OTHELLO. Most potent, grave, and reverend signiors, My
aste of fears: The time has been, my senses would have cool'd To hear a night-shriek, and my fell of hair Would at a dismal treatise rouse and stir As life were in'
TRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE I. A cavern. In the middle, a boiling cauldron. Thunder. Enter the thr
 ANDREW SIR TOBY. Why, man, he's a very devil; I have not seen such a firago. I had a pass with him, rapier, scabbard, and all, an
he gods forbid else! WIDOW. So, now they come. That is Antonio, the Duke's eldest son; That, Escalus. HELENA. Which is the 
 these our baleful enemies. CARDINAL. Charles, and the rest, it is enacted thus: That, in regard King Henry gives consent, Of mere compassion and of lenity, To ease 
 contempt. "This great and sombre stage is set for something more worthy than that," said he. "It is fortunate for this comm
is no little reason bids us speed, To save our heads by raising of a head; For, bear ourselves as even as w
ted a blind." "But why, Mr. Holmes, why?" "Ah, that's the question, of course. But I commend the idea to your mind. You might possibly find that there was something in it.
this gear. Father, come; I'll take my leave of the Jew in the twinkling. Exeunt LAUNCELOT and OLD GOBBO BASSANIO. I pray thee, good Leonardo, think on this. These things being bought and orderl
s of your return. IACHIMO. Your lady Is one of the fairest that I have look'd upon. POSTHUMUS. And therewithal the best; or let her beauty Look through a casemen
 squalls drifted across their russet face, and the heavy, slate-coloured clouds hung low over the landscape, trailing in 
ame be to you, sir, for all was lost, But that the heavens fought. The King himself Of his wings destitute, the army broken, And 
ill go straight to Whitehall Terrace and bring the matter to a head." When we arrived at the residence of 
't hurt a hair of your bonny head for all that the world can give, nor ever pull you down one inch from the golden throne above t
an, McCarthy. He was a devil incarnate. I tell you that. God keep you out of the clutches of such a ma
AFF. Why, I will. QUICKLY. Nay, but do so then; and, look you, he may come and go between you both; and in any case have a nay-word, that you m
ugh the window. It fairly shook me, sir. I'd have half killed Tonga for it if he had not scrambled off. That was how he came to leave h
ood person? KING. My Lord Cardinal, I do excuse you; yea, upon mine honour, I free you from't. You are not to be taught Tha
 Cassius, I am sick of many griefs. CASSIUS. Of your philosophy you make no use, If you give place to accidental
Well urg'd, my Lord of Warwick; for, sweet prince, An if your Grace mark every circumstance, You have great reason to do Richard right; Especially for those o
beginning- 'borrowed majesty'! KING JOHN. Silence, good mother; hear the embassy. CHATILLON. Philip of France, in right and true behalf Of thy 
as absolutely nothing in their mutual relations to prepare people for the tragedy which was to follow. "Colonel Barclay himself seems to have had some singul
gotten, It had been as a gap in our great feast And all thing unbecoming. MACBETH. Tonight we hold a solemn supper, sir, And I'll request
, that we were sufficiently thawed, he to speak and I to listen. Holmes drew a note from his pocket and read it aloud: "Abbey Grang
enormous young man, sixteen stone of solid bone and muscle, who spanned the doorway with his broad shoulders and looked fr
 keeps here in court; A phantasime, a Monarcho, and one that makes sport To the Prince and his book-mates. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Thou fellow, a word. Who gave t
s." "I am sure we are honoured by your presence and to show you all we know," said White Mason cordially. "Come along, Dr. Watson, and when the time comes we'll all hope for 
dge find this way? ISABELLA. I have ta'en a due and wary note upon't; With whispering and most guilty diligence, In action all of p
ould take such a thing passes my understanding, for it was only a plaster cast and of no real value whatever. "You can see for yourself that anyon
gue. ANTONIO. Fare you well; I'll grow a talker for this gear. GRATIANO. Thanks, i' faith, for silence is only commendable In a neat's tongue dried, and a maid not vendibl
t it might have reached your ears." Holmes shot out his long, thin arm and picked out Volume "H" in his encyclopaedia of reference. 
 upon a foolish woman's promise. QUICKLY. Well, she laments, sir, for it, that it would yearn your heart to see it. Her husband goes this morning a-birding; she desires you once more to co
hing intervened to prevent my going." "What was that?" "That is a private matter. I cannot tell it." "You acknowledge then that you made an
eticence, it would have been impossible to make the facts public; but now the principal person concerned is beyond the reach of human law, and with due suppression the story may be told 
 this plain, so many hollow factions. When that the general is not like the hive, To whom the foragers shall all repair, What honey is expected? Degree being vizarded, 
I sleeping here was found With these mortals on the ground. Exeunt To the winding of horns, enter THESEUS, HIPP
 of this silence yet I pick'd a welcome; And in the modesty of fearful duty I read as much as from the rattling tongue Of saucy an
I had hardly finished when Holmes returned with the news that the boy was putting in the horse. "I want to test a little theory of mine," sa
 floor, and was able to see quite clearly, from the traces upon the cigarette ash, that the prisoner 
ave in charge to thee? DROMIO OF EPHESUS. To me, sir? Why, you gave no gold to me. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Come on, sir knave, have d
could hear nothing of what passed. Mr. McFarlane had left his hat, and to the best of her belief his stick, in the hall. She had
hem move away; Then in my tent, Cassius, enlarge your griefs, And I will give you audience. CASSIUS. Pindarus, Bid our commanders lead their charges off A little fro
ant it then, And tell me, in the modesty of honour, Why you have given me such clear lights of favour, Bade me come smiling and cross-garter'd to you, To put on yellow stoc
 think it." "Since the tragedy, Mr. Holmes, there have come to my ears several incidents which are hard to reconcile with
Will not conclude their plotted tragedy. Beaufort's red sparkling eyes blab his heart's malice, And Suffol
y plebeians hate thine honours, Shall say against their hearts 'We thank the gods Our Rome hath such a soldier.' Yet cam'st thou to a morsel of this feast
 Cambridge, Scroop, and Grey, in their dear care And tender preservation of our person, Would have him punish'd. And now to our French causes: Who are the lat
magine from what I say that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives. No servant would stay with us, and for a long time we did all the work of the house
 it is our friend Sir Henry!" He hurried past me and stooped over the dead man. I heard a sharp intake of his breath and the cigar fell from his fingers. "W
oad? BELARIUS. No single soul Can we set eye on, but in an safe reason He must have some attendants. Though his humour Was nothing but mutation- ay, and that From one bad t
at he can do Is to himself, take thought and die for Caesar. And that were much he should, for he is given
IUS. Let him alone; He did inform the truth. But for our gentlemen, The common file- a plague! tribunes for t
 And bid me, when my fate would have me wive, To give it her. I did so, and take heed on't; Make it a darling like your precious eye; To lose't or give't away were such perdition As n
mport him much to speak with me. PANDARUS. Is he here, say you? It's more than I know, I'll be sworn. For my own part, I came in late. What should he do here? AENEAS. Who!-nay, then. Come, 
"You hear! He gives me hopes." Lestrade shrugged his shoulders. "I am afraid that my colleague has been a little quick in forming his conclusions," he said. "But he is right. Oh! I know that
wan, had instantly fled, then it obviously could not be he who tore the paper from the dead man's hand. But if it was not he, it must have been
 Were I a tyrant, Where were her life? She durst not call me so, If she did know me one. Away with her! PAULINA. I pray you, do not push me; I'll be gone. Look to your babe, my lord; 'tis yours. 
thou shouldst praise me? IAGO. O gentle lady, do not put me to't, For I am nothing if not critical. DESDEMONA. Come on, assay- There's one gone to the har
age or cannot be read by your equipment. But for the "Right of Replacement or Refund" described below, the Project (and any other party y
the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house, and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime. Every effort was made by Inspector Baynes, who has t
am fallen out with my more headier will, To take the indispos'd and sickly fit For the sound man.- Death on my state!
celibate. In every other respect he conformed to the religion of the young settlement, and gained the name of being an orthodox and straight-walking man. Lucy Ferrier grew
 darkness save one on the lower floor. The blind was down, and I could not see in. I was standing there, wondering what I should do next, when 
answer'd either here or hence. KING JOHN. Why do you bend such solemn brows on me? Think you I bear the she
onderful. But let us have it a little clearer if you can. Is it forgery, coining, burglary--where does the money come from?" "Have you ever read of Jonathan Wild?" "Well, 
 show us the sleeve; We in your motion turn, and you may move us. Then, gentle brother, get you in again; Comfort my sister, cheer her, call her wife. 'Tis holy sport to be
ister's shame? What should I think? Heaven shield my mother play'd my father fair! For such a warped slip of wilderness Ne'er issu'd from his blood. Take my defiance; Die; perish. Might but my 
ently along. Let one be sent To pray Achilles see us at our tent. If in his death the gods have us befriended; Great Troy is ours, and our sharp wars are ended. Exeunt ACT V. S
ll corridor leading up to it. The Boots pointed out the door to me, and was about to go downstairs again w
h man." "No carriages or horses?" "Well, at least he is fairly well-to-do. But he goes into the City two or three times a week. He is deeply interested in South Af
aking both it unable for itself And dispossessing all my other parts Of necessary fitness? So play the foolish throngs with one that swoons; Come all to help him, and so stop the air By which
' world, Chain mine arm'd neck. Leap thou, attire and all, Through proof of harness to my heart, and there Ride on the pants t
n for't; he is now in some commerce with my lady, and will by and by depart. SIR TOBY. Go, Sir Andrew; scout me for him at the corner 
ly cleared up by the inquest, but at least enough has been done to dispose of those rumours to which local superstition has given rise. There is no re
fort he braced himself to tell his story. "I feel that time is of value," said he; "that is why I hastened here when the police inspector suggested that
CLOTEN. 'Tis certain she is fled. Go in and cheer the King. He rages; none Dare come about him. QUEEN. All the better. May This night forestall him of the coming da
ced "Kensington Outrage. Murder by a Madman," and the contents of the paper showed that Mr. Horace Harker had got his account into print after all. Two columns were occupied
ink that a thrill of indignation will run through the country. Nothing would induce me to help the police in any way. For all they cared it migh
of exiguous threads which lead vaguely up towards the centre of the web where the poisonous, motionless creature is lu
ne. Should there be any fresh developments during the day we shall communicate with you, and you will no doubt let us know the results of your own inquiries." The two statesmen bow
shall we devise here in this garden To drive away the heavy thought of care? LADY. Madam, we'll play at bowls. QUEEN. 'Twill make me think the world is full of rubs And that my fortune r
 minutes he sat in complete silence. McMurdo bore the inspection cheerfully, one hand in his coat pocket, the other twisting his brown moustache. Suddenly McGinty stooped and produced a wicked-loo
l it fair play. ALONSO. If this prove A vision of the island, one dear son Shall I twice lose. SEBASTIAN. A most high miracle! FERDINAND. Though the seas threaten, they are m
l but what she has with her. This being done, let the law go whistle; I warrant you. SHEPHERD. I will tell the King all, 
. His princess, say you, with him? GENTLEMAN. Ay; the most peerless piece of earth, I think, That e'er the sun shone bright on. PAULINA. O Hermione, As every present time 
 us yet!" There was a mutter of conversation from the next room. It seemed interminable. Then the door opened, and McMurdo appeared, his finger upon h
e-court," said Holmes thoughtfully, tossing aside the paper. "The question for us now to solve is the seque
was so full of smoke that we could not see across the table. When it cleared again the place was a shambles. Wi
. But I do see you're moved; I am to pray you not to strain my speech To grosser issues nor to larger reach Than to suspicio
 went out little, and that your circle of friends was a very limited one. But among them was Sir George Burnwell. I had heard of him before as being a man o
 sworn by, both divine and human, Seal what I end withal! This double worship, Where one part does disdain with cause, the other Insult without a
y to listen to you." "I thought that, perhaps, if you had nothing particular on hand, you might care to assist us in a most remarkable case which occurred only last night at Hampstead." "D
e goat for you. [Strikes him] Will you be so good, scald knave, as eat it? PISTOL. Base Troyan, thou shalt die. FLUELLEN. You say very true, sca
e could say little less; She had the wrong. But what said Henry's queen? For I have heard that she was ther
tle Desdemona, I would not my unhoused free condition Put into circumscription and confine For the sea's worth. But, l
y, I'll work the means To make thee capable. Enter Cornwall, Regan, and Attendants. Corn. How now, my noble friend? Since I came hither (Which I can call but now) I have heard strange news. Reg. If
 May equally determine. Edm. Sir, I thought it fit To send the old and miserable King To some retention and appointed guard; Whose age has charms in it, whose title m
 was, that he, in lieu o' th' premises, Of homage, and I know not how much tribute, Should presently extirpate me and mine Out of the du
p down in that dreadful cauldron of swirling water and seething foam, will lie for all time the most dangerous criminal and the foremost champ
s disturbed you." "I believe, Mr. Holmes, that you have already made up your mind," said Miss Stoner, laying her hand upon my companion's sleeve. "Perhaps I have." "Then, for pity's sake, tell me wha
 he hath not us'd it before. DUKE. Pray you, let's hear. PROVOST. [Reads] 'Whatsoever you may hear to
, an you begin to rail on society once, I am sworn not to give regard to you. Farewell; and come with better music. Exit APEMANTUS. So. Thou wilt not hear me now: thou shalt no
st knaves and thieves men shut their gate, For the rain it raineth every day. But when I came, alas! t
. Boy! Lucius! Fast asleep? It is no matter. Enjoy the honey-heavy dew of slumber; Thou hast no figures nor no fantasies, Which busy care draws in the brains of men; T
 and estate. That was my poor uncle's idea. How is the owner going to restore the glories of the Baskervilles if he has not money enough to keep up the property? Hou
eatened on account of his outspoken editorials. On the other hand, it was clearly shown by the united and unfaltering evidence of six citizens, including that high 
r a Niagara without having seen or heard of one or the other. So all life is a great chain, the nature of which is know
ed a good deal queerer than I thought. "I drove to the place--about two miles on the south side of Esher. The house w
 some fun over this case if they are both put upon the scent." I was amazed at the calm way in which he rippled on. "Sure
es On him that thus doth tyrannize o'er me. Go get you gone; and pray be careful all, And leave you not a man-of-
 afternoon. SHYLOCK. What, are there masques? Hear you me, Jessica: Lock up my doors, and when you hear the drum, And the vile squealing of the wry-neck'd fi
 great a tide To be more prince, as may be. You are sad. HUBERT. Indeed I have been merrier. ARTHUR. Mercy on me! Methinks no body should be sad but I; Yet, I remember, when I was i
this palpable device? Yet who's so bold but says he sees it not? Bad is the world; and all will come to nought, When such ill dealing must be seen in thought. Exit SCENE 7
he would marry her. His plans were suddenly brought to a head by his knowledge that Sir Charles was about to leave the Hall on the advice of Dr. Mortimer, with w
d Attendants. Corn. How now, my noble friend? Since I came hither (Which I can call but now) I have heard 
ry, uncle; for I always thought It was both impious and unnatural That such immanity and bloody strife Should reign among profes
forgive you!' cried Madame Charpentier, throwing up her hands and sinking back in her chair. 'You have murdered your brother.' "'Arthur would rather tha
a relic of old days, known only to himself. He took his meals in his own room, and so was able to give me par
" "I have spoken to no one." The Duke took a pen in his quivering fingers and opened his cheque-book. "I shall be as good as my word, Mr. Holmes. I am abou
 wouldst thou drown thyself, Put but a little water in a spoon And it shall be as all the ocean, Enough to stifle such a villain up I do suspect thee very grievously. HUBERT. If I in act, consent, or
le curious, is it not? A gang of burglars acting in the country might be expected to vary the scene of
ry time I saw, but thou couldst not, Flying between the cold moon and the earth Cupid, all arm'd; a certain aim he took At a fair vestal, throned by the west, And loos'd his love-shaft smartly fr
o call Thersites hither, sweet Patroclus. I'll send the fool to Ajax, and desire him T' invite the Troyan 
d and for bad in this district." "Well, yes. I told the hounds what I thought of them." "By the Lord, you'll be a man after McGinty's heart!
e, and especially as to whether we do not owe it to the public to remove our horse's name from the entries for the Cup." "Certainly not," cried Holmes,
every man in this room into a felon's cell. That is the situation for the discussion of which I have made a claim of urgency." There was a dead si
nd and fold him in our arms. Cousin of Hereford, as thy cause is right, So be thy fortune in this royal fight! Farewell, my blood; which if to-day t
 may not misbecome The mighty sender, doth he prize you at. Thus says my king: an if your father's Highness Do not, in grant of all demands at large, Sweeten the bitter mock you sent his 
ereign, York is meetest man To be your Regent in the realm of France. SUFFOLK. Before we make election, give me leave To show some reason, of no little 
est he should lock himself in. Mrs. Hudson was waiting, trembling and weeping, in the passage. Behind me as I passed from the flat I heard Holmes's high, thin voice in some delirious chant. Below,
 passed under a cliff a great boulder crashed down on him, and he only escaped a terrible death by throwing himself upon his face. The two young Mormons were not long in discoverin
d. "It is cocaine," he said,--"a seven-per-cent solution. Would you care to try it?" "No, indeed," I answered, brusquely. "My constitution has not got over the Afghan c
ling of impending misfortune impressed me. My sister and I, you will recollect, were twins, and you know how subtle are the links which 
n who is as far From thy report as thou from honour; and Solicits here a lady that disdains Thee and the devil alike.- What ho, Pisan
 Of contumelious, beastly, mad-brain'd war, Then let him know- and tell him Timon speaks it In pity of our aged and our youth- I cannot ch
in forth. OTHELLO. I look down towards his feet; but that's a fable. If that thou be'st a devil, I cannot kill thee. Wounds Iago. LO
 respect. FIRST LORD. We'll make you some sport with the fox ere we case him. He was first smok'd by the old Lord Lafeu. When his disguise and he is parted, tell me what a spra
rdly opened his lips during that weary trudge across the moor, nor would he enter the school when he reached it, but went on to Mackleton Station, whence he could send some telegrams. Late at n
the return track." We had not to go far. It ended at the paving of asphalt which led up to the gates of the Mapleton stable
gh often, and it has always boded ill to somebody. I was up betimes in the morning, but Holmes was afoot earlier still, for I s
eedy answer. 'Tis from your sister. Gon. [aside] One way I like this well; But being widow, and my Gloucester with her, May all the building in my fancy pluck Upon my hateful life. Another way Th
entific accuracy of a surgeon who performs a delicate operation. I knew that the opening of safes was a particular hobby with him, and I understood the joy which 
rent matter. That, or part of it, belonged rightfully to Miss Morstan. While there was a chance of recovering it I was ready to devote my life to the one object. True, if I f
and we'll digest Th' abuse of distance, force a play. The sum is paid, the traitors are agreed, The King is set from London, and the scene Is now transported, gentles, to Southampton; T
d hellish obstinacy tie thy tongue, That truth should be suspected. Speak, is't so? If it be so, you have woun
ch wasn't near as much as father could have got if he had been alive." I had expected to see Sherlock Holmes impatient under this rambling and inconsequential narrative, but, on t
ment itself, till seven years' heat, Shall not behold her face at ample view; But like a cloistress she will veiled walk, And water once a day her chamb
at to follow faster, As amorous of their strokes. For her own person, It beggar'd all description. She did lie In her pavilion
p drowned honour by the locks, So he that doth redeem her thence might wear Without corrival all her dignities; But out upon this half-fa
 days. Athelney Jones proved to be a sociable soul in his hours of relaxation, and face his dinner with the air of a bon vivant. For myself, I felt elated at the thought that we were nearing the
t their master is terribly afraid of something. 'Sold his soul to the devil in exchange for money,' says Warner, 'and expects his creditor t
l that I have it in me to make my name famous. No man lives or has ever lived who has brought the same 
 at last, "I should like to go upstairs and look into the matter." We both ascended, followed by the doctor. It was a dreadful sight which met us as we entered the bedroom door. I have
u, Which would have been as speedy in your end As all the poisonous potions in the world, And sav'd the treac
 Come, let's return again, and suffice ourselves with the report of it. Well, Diana, take heed of this French earl; the honour of a maid is h
s counterpart. The lamp shining in broad daylight and the remains of powder upon the shield were successive links in a fair
ulations of interest and delight. Then he rushed down the stair, out through the open window, threw h
 my vice? Is't not a kind of incest to take life From thine own sister's shame? What should I think? Heaven shield my mother play'd my father fair! For such 
nd seeing thou dost, I here divorce myself, Both from thy table, Henry, and thy bed, Until that act of parliament be repeal'd Whereby my son is disinherited. The northe
united strength. Together we rushed into the room. It was empty. There was no furniture save a little pallet bed, a small table, and a basketful of linen. The skylight above 
?" said Holmes, thoughtfully. "Well, I've no doubt it was well stage-managed." "You mean that you think there was no accident?" "None
t as gentle day, Doth follow night who like a fiend From heaven to hell is flown away. 'I hate', from hate away she t
 laurel-bushes made a hard fight against a smoke-laden and uncongenial atmosphere. Three gilt balls and a brown board with "Jabez Wilson" in white let
is love, I'll get me such a colour'd periwig. Her eyes are grey as glass, and so are mine; Ay, but her forehea
, his Council of War CAESAR. Go to him, Dolabella, bid him yield; Being so frustrate, tell him he mocks The pauses that he makes. DOLABELLA. Caesar, I s
k'd her ere I went to wars. Pedro. Thou wilt be like a lover presently And tire the hearer with a book of words. If thou dost love fair Hero,
. "By heaven, Holmes," I said, half rising, "I believe that they are really after us." "No, it's not quite so bad as that. It is
ise to comment and conjecture. "The first battalion of the Royal Munsters (which is the old 117th) ha
Pompey, Rich in his father's honour, creeps apace Into the hearts of such as have not thrived Upon the present state, whose numbers threaten; And quietness, grown sick of rest, would purge By any des
ar my letters to my friends, And I am going to deliver them. DUKE. Be they of much import? VALENTINE. The tenour of them doth but signify My he
it is my desire. Is that not enough?" Yes, Mrs. Hudson was right. He was more masterful than ever. It was pitifu
tis now no time to vent our love. Listen to me, and if you speak me fair I'll tell you news indifferent good for either. 
can do this, Cupid is no longer an archer; his glory shall be ours, for we are the only love-gods. Go in with me, and I will tell you my drift. Exeunt. Scene II. A hall in Leonato's house.
have no parents or relations of any sort from whom I could ask advice, I thought that perhaps you would be kind enough to tell me what I should d
nce; And other devils that suggest by treasons Do botch and bungle up damnation With patches, colours, and with forms, being fetch'd From glist'ring s
 take to the police, for they would have laughed at me, but you will tell me what to do. I am not a rich man; but if there is any danger threatening my little woman I wo
the poor with cast-off clothing. A meeting of the Guild had been held that evening at eight, and Mrs. Barclay had hurried over her dinner in ord
 of law of arms. VERNON. And that is my petition, noble lord; For though he seem with forged quaint conceit To set a gloss upon his bold intent, Yet know, my lord, I wa
ault To incur a private check. When shall he come? Tell me, Othello. I wonder in my soul, What you would ask me, that I should deny, Or stand so mammering on. 
 you know, young Fortinbras, Holding a weak supposal of our worth, Or thinking by our late dear brother's death Our 
and dispatched ten-thirty-six," said Holmes, reading it over and over. "Mr. Overton was evidently considerably excited when he sent it, and somewhat incoherent in 
eavens fought. The King himself Of his wings destitute, the army broken, And but the backs of Britons seen, an flyi
rite blackthorn cudgel in his hand. He rushed at one of the burglars, but another--it was the elderly m
tain that no robbery has been committed. "I come now to the body of the young man. It was found near th
hat we are on safe ground. "We can now see a reason for the disappearance of Garcia's household. They were all confederates in the same unknown 
 Red-headed League." "You see, Watson," he explained in the early hours of the morning as we sat over a glass of whisky and soda in Baker Street, "it was perfectly obvious from the 
he manager. He stood now gazing with great reverence at the famous detective. "Let me have the Hotel Directory," said 
for so you are That war against your own affections And the huge army of the world's desires- Our late edict sh
ary than would at first sight appear. "Before examining the room I cross-questioned the servants, but only succeeded in 
here were no other footsteps save those of Barrymore on the soft gravel, and finally I carefully examined the body, which had not been touched until my arrival. Sir Charles lay on hi
een so dry lately that they found it hopeless to follow the trail across the grass. There's a place, however, on the 
ich loved to dominate and surprise those who were around him. Partly also from his professional caution, which urged him never to take any chances. The result, howeve
The senators of Athens greet thee, Timon. TIMON. I thank them; and would send them back the plague, 
Pursuit would be but vain. COUNTESS. What angel shall Bless this unworthy husband? He cannot thrive, Unless her prayers, whom heaven delights to hear And loves to grant, reprieve 
 well- And yet a maiden hath no tongue but thought- I would detain you here some month or two Before you venture for me. I could teach you How to
AKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE
ERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE I. Rome. TITUS' ga
as born in '45--fifty years of age. He was a most daring and successful seal and whale fisher. In 1883 he comm
condition of it. It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers." Percy Phelps and his nurse looked at Holmes during 
ow, forsooth, takes on him to reform Some certain edicts and some strait decrees That lie too heavy on the commonwealth; Cries out upon abuses, seems to weep Over his country's wrongs; and b
But you have a good dossier there already." "Out of date and waste paper. The Admiralty in some way got the alarm and every code has been changed. It was a blow,
s valley. I feel it in my bones. There may be many of us that will have to look out for ourselves. I'm one, anyhow. If I go, by day or night, it's you that
sting into an explosion of laughter. "You certainly have the credit of being the first of us to find this out, and, as you say, it bea
" "Why, what do you mean?" For answer Holmes pushed back the frill of black lace which fringed the hand that lay upon our visitor's knee. Five little livi
s answered, as he sat down and stretched his legs before the fire. "Is anything on the back of the card?" I turned it over. "Will call at 6.30--C.A.M.," I read. "Hum! He's 
nture. Upper Swandam Lane is a vile alley lurking behind the high wharves which line the north side of the river to the east of London Bridge. Between a slop-shop and a gin-shop, approached 
is habit as he liv'd! Look where he goes even now out at the portal! Exit Ghost. Queen. This is the very coi
 its counterpart. The lamp shining in broad daylight and the remains of powder upon the shield were successive links in a fairly obvious chain. And now, my dear Watson, 
b'd would mad or man or beast. The consequence is, then, thy jealous fits Hath scar'd thy husband fr
e near you, since there was in truth no infection?" "Can you ask, my dear Watson? Do you imagine that I have no r
. Well may you, sir, Remember me at court, where I was taught Of your chaste daughter the wide difference 'Twixt amorous and villainous. Being thus qu
 said Holmes, shrugging his shoulders. "Come, Watson! And you, Lestrade, could you favour us with your company for an hour or two? We will begin our i
n, and now he sat for some time in silent thought. "Don't you think, Mr. Cubitt," said he, at last, "that your best plan would be to make a direct
taken up my pen to write to you, but always I feared lest your affectionate regard for me should tempt you to some indiscretion which would betray my secret. For that reason I turned a
VIRAGUS BELARIUS. You, Polydore, have prov'd best woodman and Are master of the feast. Cadwal and I Will play the cook and servant; 'tis our match. The sweat of industr
t I never mixed much with the men of my year. Bar fencing and boxing I had few athletic tastes, and then my line of study was quite dist
'Item: She is not to be kiss'd fasting, in respect of her breath.' LAUNCE. Well, that fault may be mended with a breakfast. Read on.
cedent! Were it not pity that this goodly boy Should lose his birthright by his father's fault, And long hereafter say unto his child 'What my great-grandfath
cial police don't need you, Mr. Holmes, to tell them that the carpet must have been turned round. That's clear enough, for the stains lie above each other--if you l
wd. Holmes whistled. "By George! it's attempted murder at the least. Nothing less will hold the London
in each case caught my eye, you see. When I put that with the voice and figure being the same, and only those things altered which might b
onour has my lord's meat in him; Why should it thrive and turn to nutriment When he is turn'd to poison? O, may diseas
 slowly round, and his face assumed an ominous expression. "This looks bad," said he. "These fellows are sharper than I expected. They seem to have covered their tracks. There has, I fear, been preco
e here to kill me. PISANIO. Not so, neither; But if I were as wise as honest, then My purpose would prov
st common maker's name. Is it not clear that there is just as much of the pencil left as usually follows the Johann?" He held the small table sidew
a bell over his head rang loudly, and he woke with a start. "'Mr. Phelps, sir!' said he, looking at me in bewilderment. "'I came down to see if my coffee was ready.' "'I 
nd energy of Mr. Gregson of Scotland Yard. Sherlock Holmes and I read these notices over together at breakfast, and they appeared to afford him considerable amusement. "I told you that, 
e hath reveal'd to us The truth and innocence of this poor fellow, Which he had thought to have murder'd wrongfully. Come, fell
his? VOLUMNIA. Because that now it lies you on to speak To th' people, not by your own instruction, Nor by th' matter whic
bs himself that spends a bootless grief. BRABANTIO. So let the Turk of Cyprus us beguile; We lose it not so long as we can smile. He bears the sentence well
." "You fill me with interest," said Holmes. "Pray give us the essential facts from the commencement, and I can afterwards question you as to those details which seem to me to be most important." T
" The young lady, with great clearness and composure, made the following curious statement:-- "My father is dead, Mr. Holmes. He was James Smith, who conducted the orches
ur client. "He only comes there to see me, apparently, for the place is deserted up to the very hour he names." "That is suggestive," remarked Holmes. "By Jove, I told you so!"
t these my joints; Which if they have, as I will leave 'em them, Shall yield them little, tell the Constable. MONTJOY. I shall, King Harry. And so fare thee well: Thou never shalt hear herald an
 more lenity to lechery would do no harm in him; something too crabbed that way, friar. DUKE. It is too general a vice, and severity must cure it. LUCIO. Yes, in good sooth
d no more idea of the truth than you. You will ask me what was James's motive in doing such a deed. I answer that there was a
hen it seemed a very twisted and ancient monkey. Finally I was left in doubt as to whether it was animal or human. A double band of white sh
up; My fault is past. But, O, what form of prayer Can serve my turn? 'Forgive me my foul murther'? That cannot be; since I am still possess
. Sons, kinsmen, thanes, And you whose places are the nearest, know We will establish our estate upon Our eldest, Malcolm, whom we name hereafter The Prince of Cumberland; whi
know from whence we are. BELARIUS. O, I am known Of many in the army. Many years, Though Cloten then but youn
o fill the world with vicious qualities. PUCELLE. First let me tell you whom you have condemn'd: Not me begotten of a sh
my face. "You look a little bewildered," said he. "I cannot see how such a message as this could inspire horror. It seems to me to be rather g
Philippi here consorted us. This morning are they fled away and gone, And in their steads do ravens, crows, and kites Fly o'er our heads and downward look on us, As we were sickl
. I she well shipp'd? CASSIO. His bark is stoutly timber'd, and his pilot Of very expert and approved allowance; Therefore my hopes, not surfeited to death, S
he tyrant custom, most grave senators, Hath made the flinty and steel couch of war My thrice-driven bed of down. I do agnize A natural and prompt alacr
r Hortensio, come you to part the fray? 'Con tutto il cuore ben trovato' may I say. HORTENSIO. Alla nostra casa ben venuto, Molto honorato s
ng me in was past my comprehension. When I looked at him he had finished reading the note, and his eyes had assumed the vacant, lack-lustre
. It is an accustomed action with her, to seem thus washing her hands. I have known her continue in th
M. What shall be done to him? SECOND LORD. Nothing, but let him have thanks. Demand of him my condition, and wha
bring him to our own tents. Be but your lordship present at his examination; if he do not, for the promise of his life and in the highest compulsion of base fear, offer to betra
wheels as he drove away. Holmes sat motionless by the fire, his hands buried deep in his trouser pockets,
 hair like one who has been driven to the extreme limits of his reason. Then, suddenly springing to his feet, he beat his head again
an Catholic Church, and had interested herself very much in the establishment of the Guild of St. George, which was formed in co
ORTIA. The quality of mercy is not strain'd; It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven Upon the place beneath. It is twice blest: It bless
rreparable failure and disgrace, my friend himself lying at the mercy of the odious Milverton. "For Heaven's sake, Holmes, think what you are doing," I cried. "My dear fellow, I have given it every 
ry man. Clearly an army doctor, then. He has just come from the tropics, for his face is dark, and that is not the natural tint of h
'er your content these strong necessities, But let determin'd things to destiny Hold unbewail'd their w
be quite bright, and people would be about in an hour or so. Therefore, I argued, they did not go very far. They paid Smith well to hold his tongue,
t gentle pulpiter! What tedious homily of love have you wearied your parishioners withal, and never cried 'Have patience, good people.' CELIA. How now! Back, friends; shepherd, go off a little; go w
and whip, in their rough power Has uncheck'd theft. Love not yourselves; away, Rob one another. There's more gold. Cut throats; All that you meet are thieves. To Athens go, Break open shops; 
with this obedient steel, three inches of it, Can lay to bed for ever; whiles you, doing thus, To the perpetual wink for aye might put This ancie
minal?" "On the contrary, I never met a straighter man in my life." "Was there anything curious about his life in California?" "He liked best to stay and to work a
 troops. We were short-handed, with hardly men enough to man the angles of the building and to serve the gu
hat Toby will have no difficulty. Now run down-stairs, loose the dog, and look out for Blondin." By the time that I got out into the groun
ranching away from it, led by a wooden staircase directly to the first floor of the house. It came out upon the landing opposite to a second more orname
t to the English king. QUEEN MARGARET. Deceitful Warwick, it was thy device By this alliance to make void my suit. Before thy coming, Lewis was Henry's friend. LEWIS. A
, What could the belly answer? MENENIUS. I will tell you; If you'll bestow a small- of what you have little- Patience awhile, you's
t flinch from his friend. I think we may very well trust him.' "'It's a dirty business,' the other answered. 'Yet, as you say, the money would save our commissions handsomely.' "'Well, Small,' 
 threescore year would make the world away: Let those whom nature hath not made for store, Harsh, featureless, and rud
AM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MA
"I propose to make a little investigation of my own to-night, and it is just possible that it may contribute something to the common cause." "Can we help you, Mr. Holmes?" "No, no! Darkness and Dr.
r, Thomas of Clarence, with him? PRINCE HUMPHREY. No, my good lord, he is in presence here. CLARENCE. What would my lord and father? KING. No
fierce energy which was driving us along. We had shot through the Pool, past the West India Docks, down the long Deptford Reach, and up aga
at he had lost it. But a new element has been introduced into the case which may account for his leading the horse from the stable." Holmes pricked up his ears. "We have found
nstincts are against this explanation. Use your powers! Go to the scene of the crime! See the people conce
d, I understand. Jewels worth half a million missing. How was the window?" "Fastened; but there are steps on the sill." "Well
t, and it widened the field of my inquiry. I fear that I bore you with these details, but I have to let you see my little diff
 Upon that were my thoughts tiring when we encount'red. I hope it is not so low with him as he made it seem in the trial of his several friends. SECOND LORD. It should not be, by the persuas
llow lantern in our bows threw a long, flickering funnel of light in front of us. Right ahead a dark blur upon the water showed where the Auro
arked Holmes when our visitors had left us, "because it serves to show very clearly how simple the explanation may be of an affair which at first sight seems to b
 I cried with clenched hands. "Oh Holmes, I shall never forgive myself for having left him to his fate." "I am more to blame than you, Watson. In order to have my case well rounded and comp
e, have I encompass'd you? Go to; via! Re-enter BARDOLPH, with FORD disguised FORD. Bless you, sir! FALSTAF
ail. The only bar to our escape is that we can get no boat fit for the voyage, and no provisions to last us for so long a t
g where Sholto lived, and I set to work to discover whether he had realized the treasure, or if he still had it. I made friends with someone who could h
team Begins his golden progress in the East. Mort. With all my heart I'll sit and hear her sing. By that time will our book, I think, be drawn. G
idential servant?" "A little too much so. It seemed to me that her mistress allowed her to take great liberties. Still, of course, in America they l
u as much?" "Hate you, Jack? While life lasts I could never do that! I've heard that there is no harm in being a Freeman anywhere but here; so why sh
. PETRUCHIO. They shall go forward, Kate, at thy command. Obey the bride, you that attend on her; Go to the 
 a lantern in his hand. 1. Car. Heigh-ho! an it be not four by the day, I'll be hang'd. Charles' wain is over the new chimney, a
rmination Thus set it down: he shall with speed to England For the demand of our neglected tribute. Haply the seas, and countries different, With
 pain of death. Exit FASTOLFE And now, my Lord Protector, view the letter Sent from our uncle Duke of Burgundy. GLOUCESTER. [Viewing the superscription] What means his Grace, that he hath chang'd 
 king of shadows, I mistook. Did not you tell me I should know the man By the Athenian garments he had on? And so far blameless proves my enter
and- His curses then from bitterness of soul Denounc'd against thee are all fall'n upon thee; And God, not we, hath plagu'd thy bloody deed. QUEEN ELIZABETH. So just is G
as a star danc'd, and under that was I born. Cousins, God give you joy! Leon. Niece, will you look to those things I told you of? Beat. I cr
ssion Bid ye so far forget yourselves? I gave ye Power as he was a councillor to try him, Not as a groom. 
race's feet? Away from me, and let me hear no more! DUCHESS. What, what, my lord! Are you so choleric With Eleanor for telling bu
en. Bestow this place on us a little while. [Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.] Ah, mine own lord, what have I seen to-night! King. What, Gertrude? How does Hamlet? Queen. Mad as the sea and wi
y, My trusty servant well approv'd in all, Here let us breathe, and haply institute A course of learning and ingenious studies. Pisa, renowned for 
gnior Hortensio, come you to part the fray? 'Con tutto il cuore ben trovato' may I say. HORTENSIO. Alla nostra casa ben venuto, Molto honorato sig
be, she makes a show'r of rain as well as Jove. ANTONY. Would I had never seen her! ENOBARBUS. O Sir, you had then left unseen a wonderful pie
d deal with others better. CYMBELINE. Nobly doom'd! We'll learn our freeness of a son-in-law; Pardon's the word to all. ARVIRAGUS. You holp us, sir, As you did mean indeed to be our b
Sir, it calls, I fear, too many curses on their heads That were the authors. SECOND GENTLEMAN. If the Duke be guiltless, 'Tis full of woe; yet I can give you inkling Of an ensuing evi
llow almost damn'd in a fair wife) That never set a squadron in the field, Nor the division of a battle knows More than a spinster; unless the bookish theoric,
ased had gone to bed within that time--a deduction which was of the greatest importance in clearing up the case. All these I may sketch out at so
against his colleague. "Come here," he said, bustling back into the room, the atmosphere of which felt cl
 warily as Stapleton would do when with poised net he drew near the settled butterfly, I satisfied myself that the place had indeed been used as a habitation. A 
 bated breath and whisp'ring humbleness, Say this: 'Fair sir, you spit on me on Wednesday last, You spurn'd me such a day; 
nothing I have done yet, o' my conscience, Deserves a corner. Would all other women Could speak this with as free a soul as I do! My lords, I care not-so much I am happy Above a number-if my actions 
aliant foemen, like to autumn's corn, Have we mow'd down in tops of all their pride! Three Dukes of Somerset, threefold renown'd For hardy and undoubted champions; Two Cliffords, as the fathe
 board across his knee he examined them minutely, while Lestrade and I, bending forward on each side of him, glanced alternately at these dreadful relics and a
it." "Have you your papers?" "Yes, sir." He took a sheaf of worn and greasy forms from his pocket. Holmes glanced over them and returned them. "You are just the man I want," 
tains to feats of broil and battle; And therefore little shall I grace my cause In speaking for myself. Yet, by your gracious patience, I will a round unvarnish'd tale de
nks, afresh. She has been married three years, and believes that her position is quite secure, having shown her husband the d
 and conceits shall govern. Exit LORENZO. O dear discretion, how his words are suited! The fool hath planted in his m
it be to laugh at me. KATHERINE. Sauf votre honneur, le Francais que vous parlez, il est meilleur que l'Anglais lequ
nce in my hand and never knew it! I had intended, however, to go the round of the London opticians." "Of course 
 King. Conceit upon her father. Oph. Pray let's have no words of this; but when they ask, you what it means, say you this: (Sings) To-morrow is Saint
membered the pile of papers and bills with which his study table was littered. It was certain that I could not he
eaner action rend us. What's amiss, May it be gently heard. When we debate Our trivial difference loud, we do commit Murder in healing wounds. Then, noble partners, The rather for 
d hire me, Old as I am, to queen it. But, I pray you, What think you of a duchess? Have you limbs To bear that load of title? ANNE. No, in truth. OLD LAD
f France. KING HENRY. I pray thee bear my former answer back: Bid them achieve me, and then sell my bones. Good God! why should they mock poor fellows th
pon so foul a face? In things right true my heart and eyes have erred, And to this false plague are they now transferred. 138 When my love swears 
 while he finished his breakfast. "My dear Watson," said he, as he rose from the table and paced up and down the room, "you are m
terwards. The cards still lay upon the table. It was already past their usual hour for bed. Yet they had
in drink, he would have tickl'd you othergates than he did. DUKE. How now, gentleman? How is't with you? SIR TOBY. That's all one; has hurt me, and there's th'
e Queen my mother. Every jackslave hath his bellyful of fighting, and I must go up and down like a cock that 
rily bright eyes, almost hidden behind the heavy creases of cheek and brow. With a slow smile he drew a folded and discoloured scrap 
thereupon give me your daughter. FRENCH KING. Take her, fair son, and from her blood raise up Issue to me; that the contending kingdoms Of France and England, whose very sh
DORSET after her QUEEN ELIZABETH. Ah, who shall hinder me to wail and weep, To chide my fortune, and torment myself? I'
ep seas, live in fire, cat rocks, tame tigers; thinking it harder for our mistress to devise imposition enough than for us to undergo any difficulty impo
on of his nuptial bed. And therefore, lords, since he affects her most, It most of all these reasons
u more? Pompey, good night. Good brother, Let me request you off; our graver business Frowns at this levity. Gentle lords, let's part; You see we have burnt our cheeks. Strong En
 problem, or he must use matter which chance, and not choice, has provided him with. With this short preface I shall turn to my notes of what proved to be a strange, though a peculiar
fied. -Still?- Nay, prithee be gone. [Exit Hostess.] Now, Hal, to the news at court. For the robbery, lad- 
nities? I wonder That such a keech can with his very bulk Take up the rays o' th' beneficial sun, And keep it from the earth. NORFOLK. Surely, sir, There's in him stuff that puts him to these e
 than before, or that they had gradually obtruded themselves into the slow mind of his good German host; but, whatever the cause, 
iscuous iconoclast should chance to begin upon three specimens of the same bust." "Well, I thought as you do," said Lestrade. "On the other hand, 
. Gremio, 'tis now no time to vent our love. Listen to me, and if you speak me fair I'll tell you news indifferent good for either. Here is a gentleman w
dra, call my father to persuade. Exit CASSANDRA HECTOR. No, faith, young Troilus; doff thy harness, youth; I am to-d
aily warnings proceeded. A horror which was almost superstitious came upon him at the sight of them. He became ha
 I'll join with black despair against my soul And to myself become an enemy. DUCHESS. What means this scene of rude impatience? QUEEN ELIZABETH. To make an act of tr
le reproach. Speak, Captain, for his life, and I will thee requite. FLUELLEN. Aunchient Pistol, I do partly understand your meaning. PISTOL. Why then, rejoice therefore. FL
marriage? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Marry, sir, she's the kitchen-wench, and all grease; and I know not what use to put her to but to make a lamp of he
 on't. Hero. God give me joy to wear it! for my heart is exceeding heavy. Marg. 'Twill be heavier soon by the weight of a
 Edward's time I wish'd might fall on me when I was found False to his children and his wife's allies; This is the day wherein 
ugh; but, as I say, spacious in the possession of dirt. Osr. Sweet lord, if your lordship were at leisure, I should impart a thing to you from his Majesty. Ham. I will receive it, sir, 
wn. There is one very singular thing, however: How came Selden, in the darkness, to know that the hound was on his trail?" "
that Warwick had no more forecast, But, whiles he thought to steal the single ten, The king was slily finger'd from the deck! You left poor Henry at the Bishop's palace, And
e of Burgundy and all his friends. See then, thou fight'st against thy countrymen, And join'st with them will be thy slaughtermen. 
 hale him hither. AJAX. Thou, trumpet, there's my purse. Now crack thy lungs and split thy brazen pipe; Blow, villain, till thy sphered bias che
ut this we have utterly failed to do. This track, as you perceive, was made by a rider who was going from the direction of the school." "Or towards it?" "No, no, my dear
the circle of dim light which enabled me to see him more clearly I was thrilled with horror at his appearance. He was 
on doth it shame. Since that my beauty cannot please his eye, I'll weep what's left away, and weeping die. LUCIANA. How many fond fools serve mad jealousy! <Exeunt SCENE 2 The mart Enter ANTIPHOL
r I should not deal in her soft laws, She did corrupt frail nature with some bribe To shrink mine arm up like a wither'd shrub To make an env
. O Seigneur Dieu! ils sont mots de son mauvais, corruptible, gros, et impudique, et non pour les da
 always went home. The policeman and I agreed that our best plan would be to seize the woman before she could get rid of the papers, pr
FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. SCENE I. Milan. The DUKE'S palace Enter DUKE, THURIO, and P
 known to you my full intent: Not far, one Muliteus, my countryman- His wife but yesternight was brought to bed; His child is l
yet the eighth appears, who bears a glass Which shows me many more; and some I see That twofold balls and treble 
lory is to subdue men. Adieu, valour; rust, rapier; be still, drum; for your manager is in love; yea, he loveth. Assist me, some extemporal god of rhyme, for I am sur
nd all good men of this ungovern'd isle. GLOUCESTER. I do suspect I have done some offence That seems disgracious in the city's eye, And that you come to reprehend my ignorance. BUCKINGHAM. You have,
en will not let such wickedness endure." For an instant she sat up, her cheeks flushed, and her eyes blazing from under the terrible mark up
my stature; for at Pentecost, When all our pageants of delight were play'd, Our youth got me to play the woman's part, And I was trimm'd in Madam Julia's gown; Which
rit. I cannot live to hear the news from England, But I do prophesy th' election lights On Fortinbras. He has my dying voice. So tell him, with th' occurrents, more and
ined that Lord Saltire had not been alone in his flight. Heidegger, the German master, was missing. His room was on the second floor, at the farther end of the buildin
how thee no reason for't.' FABIAN. A good note; that keeps you from the blow of the law. SIR TOBY. [Reads] 'Thou com'st
u talk'd withal. I tell you, he that can lay hold of her Shall have the chinks. Rom. Is she a Capulet? O dear account! my life is my foe's debt. Ben. Away, be gone; the sp
 barred behind them by their confederate." We had all listened with the deepest interest to this sketch of the night's doi
 tinkle announced that our mysterious neighbour had rung. Presently the landlady appeared with the tray, laid it down upon a chair beside the closed doo
a perilous boy; Bold, quick, ingenious, forward, capable. He is all the mother's, from the top to toe. BUCKINGHAM. Well, let them rest. Come hither, Catesby. Thou ar
ng to Dr. Roylott's chamber?" "Exactly so. But I am now sleeping in the middle one." "Pending the alterations, as I understand. B
ence of a previous conviction for robbery having been given against the prisoner, the magistrate refused to deal summa
W PETRUCHIO. She hath prevented me. Here, Signior Tranio, This bird you aim'd at, though you hit her not; Therefore a health to all that shot and miss'd. TRANIO. O, sir, Lucentio slipp'
periousness which I had associated only with moments of crisis. "If you approach me, Watson, I shall order you out of the house." "But why?" "Because it i
r Henry should return to London." "A woman's whim, Dr. Watson. When you know me better you will understand that I
se What cannot be amended. LIEUTENANT. Yet I wish, sir- I mean, for your particular- you had not Join'd in commission with him, but either Had borne the action of yourself, or else To him had left 
 that he was a keen student of international politics, an indefatigable gossip, a remarkable linguist, and an untiring letter-writer. He had been on 
were these? SEBASTIAN. A living drollery. Now I will believe That there are unicorns; that in Arabia There is one tree, the phoenix
n men Should solder up the rift. ANTONY. When it appears to you where this begins, Turn your displeasure that way, for our faults Can never be s
eless, that upon one Tuesday morning in autumn we found two visitors of European fame within the walls of our humble room in Baker Street. 
BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPI
HIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. SCENE 1. London. A street The trumpets sound. Enter the PRINCE OF WA
ress? DEMETRIUS. Advise thee, Aaron, what is to be done, And we will all subscribe to thy advice. Save thou the child, so we may all be safe. AARON. Then sit we down and l
rey village of Esher, with Inspector Baynes as our companion. Holmes and I had taken things for the night, and found com
ut hark thee, Charmian! [Whispers CHARMIAN] IRAS. Finish, good lady; the bright day is done, And we are for the dark. CLEOPATRA. 
he three fir-trees stand, and behind their screen I got over without the least chance of any one in the house being able to see me. I crouched down among the bushes on 
 several days." "Had he ever one from France?" "No; never." "You see the point of my questions, of course. Either the bo
oo open. ANTONIO. It doth not fit me. Hold, sir, here's my purse; In the south suburbs, at the Elephant, Is best to lodge. I will bespeak our diet, Whiles you beguile the time and feed 
ore be in danger of losing. FIRST GENTLEMAN. The dignity of this act was worth the audience of kings and princes; for by such was it a
ve along slowly, weighing in my own mind what it was best to do. I might take him right out into the country, and there in some deserted lane have my last interview with him. I had almost de
uthers, who seemed much excited afterwards. Woodley must be staying in the neighbourhood, for he did not sleep here, and yet I caught a glimpse of him again this morning sli
ally served his turn." "Singular, no doubt--and yet he did so." "Every inquiry in this case reveals something in
 that he drove those who saw it out of their senses? The only suggestion in this direction comes from Mortimer Trege
t thirty years of age, very sturdily built, with thick black eyebrows and a strong, pugnacious face. He wore a ruddy-tinted tweed suit and had the weather-beaten appearance of one who has spent most 
bble. THIRD WITCH. Scale of dragon, tooth of wolf, Witch's mummy, maw and gulf Of the ravin'd salt-sea shark, Root of hemlock digg'd i' the dark, Liver of blaspheming Jew, Gall of goat and slip
Derby, Am I; who ready here do stand in arms To prove, by God's grace and my body's valour, In lists on Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk, That he is a traitor, foul and dangerous, To God of heav
e Earl of Wiltshire is already there. BUSHY. Thither will I with you; for little office Will the hateful commons perform for us, Except Eke
ed to get a couple of hours' sleep. It was a useless attempt. My mind had been too much excited by all that had occurred, and the strangest fancies and surmises 
her to be circumspect in the future, that those foul passions whereby our family has suffered so grievously may not again be loosed to our undoin
in Montpellier, will occur at once to any toxicologist. "And now came the great question as to the reason why. Robbery had not been the obj
panion. "Miss Mary Morstan," he read. "Hum! I have no recollection of the name. Ask the young lady to step up, Mrs. Hudson. Don't go, doctor. I should
er I must, and shall do with my life. Only thus much I give your Grace to know: By all the duties that I owe to Rome, This noble gentleman, Lord Titus here, Is
nt villain I never saw." "Oh! he impressed you in that way, did he? There are the horses, there is the smithy. Yes, it is an interesting place, this Fighting Cock. I
ated him His part o' th' isle. Then does he say he lent me Some shipping, unrestor'd. Lastly, he frets That Lepidus of the triumvirate Should be depos'd; and, being, that we deta
n for?" I asked. "No; he is not a man that it is easy to draw out, though he can be communicative enough when the fancy seizes him." "I should like to meet him," I said. "If I am t
 twins, both alike. Those, for their parents were exceeding poor, I bought, and brought up to attend my sons. My wife, not meanly pr
nt that, and tell me In peace what each of them by th' other lose That they combine not there. CORIOLANUS. Tush, tush! MENENIUS. A good demand. VOLUMNIA. If it be honour in your w
ROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II.
s kind submission. We twain will go into his Highness' tent. Enter the KING, and attendants KING HENRY. Buckingham, doth York intend no harm to 
is absence was discovered at seven o'clock on Tuesday morning. His bed had been slept in. He had dressed himself fully before going off in his usual school suit of black Eton jack
religious, And know the office that belongs to such. WARWICK. Methinks his lordship should be humbler; It fitteth not a prelate so to plead. SOMERSET. Yes, when his holy state is touc
t glimmered dimly through them. The centre door was closed, and across the outside of it had been fastened one of the 
arks to his fiancee. Very good. We will now suppose that as he went to the theatre with the young lady he suddenly, in the fog, caught a glimpse of this same agent going
geon. Lead him off. Exit Montano, attended. Iago, look with care about the town, And silence those whom this vile brawl distracted. Come, Desdemona, 'tis the soldiers' lif
 and with reason, to the discrepancy about his father having signalled to him before seeing him, also to h
" "Experience," said Holmes, laughing. "Indirectly it may be of value, you know; you have only to put it into words to gain the reputation of being excellent compa
ir master come and go as lightly, Himself would lodge where, senseless, they are lying! My herald thoughts in thy pure bosom rest them, While I, their king, that thith
rying to solve the problem as to whether it is possible to get comfortable rooms at a reasonable price." "That's
 knows me, How pitiful I deserve-- I mean in singing; but in loving Leander the good swimmer, Troilus the first employer of panders, and a whole book full of these quondam carpet-mongers, whose name
 against you? Such things have been done. You are potently oppos'd, and with a malice Of as great size. Ween you of better luck, I mean in perjur'd witness, than 
ave a theory then?" "And I'll work it myself, Mr. Holmes. It's only due to my own credit to do so. Your name is made, but I have still to make mine. I should be glad to be able to say af
 one point which I should wish to determine." He squatted down in front of the wooden chair and examined the seat of it with the 
 a resemblance, but a certainty. Yet since I see you fearful, that neither my coat, integrity, nor persuasion, can with ease attempt you, I will go further than I meant, to plu
n all this while. Upon my life, she finds, although I cannot, Myself to be a marv'llous proper man. I'll be at charges for a looking-glass, And entertain 
new days this month. My master is awak'd by great occasion To call upon his own, and humbly prays you That with your other noble parts you'll suit In giving him his right. TIMON. Mine honest frie
blood is liable to take the strangest forms." "But how do you know that it is hereditary?" "Because my brother Mycroft possesses it in a larger degree than I do." This w
'd upon us; And he is bred out of that bloody strain That haunted us in our familiar paths. Witness our too much memorable sh
 to your father, I gave bold way to my authority And did commit you. If the deed were ill, Be you contented, wearing now the garland, T
ched. For a moment I thought they might have got wet and been burned in the drying. But near the ins
er upon its side and left a square, gaping hole, through which streamed the light of a lantern. Over the edge there peeped a clean-cut, b
sh young workman with a goatee beard and a swagger lit his clay pipe at the lamp before descending into the street. "I'll be back some time, Watson," said h
God!" cried our client, "what a blind beetle I have been!" "Now you see the point about the handwriting. Suppose that some one turned up in your place who 
not A leaner action rend us. What's amiss, May it be gently heard. When we debate Our trivial difference loud, we do commit Murder in healing wounds. Then, noble partn
 difficulty, and they seem to be above suspicion. Knowing my methods as you do, you were, of course, conscious of the somewhat clumsy
darkly and how deadly dost thou speak! Your eyes do menace me. Why look you pale? Who sent you hither? Wherefore do you come? SECOND
and pagans shall our statesmen be. Exeunt. SCENE III. A council chamber. The Duke and Senators sitting at a table; Officers attending. DUKE. There is no composition in these n
KS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE REA
d men porn at Monmouth. GOWER. Here comes his Majesty. Alarum. Enter the KING, WARWICK, GLOUCESTER, EXETER, and others, with prisoners. Flourish KING HENRY. I was not angry since I 
en you a serious shock by my unnecessarily dramatic reappearance." "I am all right, but indeed, Holmes, I can hardly believe my eyes. Good heavens, to think that you--you of all men--should be stand
lour. There shalt thou find my cousin Beatrice Proposing with the Prince and Claudio. Whisper her ear and tell her, 
 marriage, that the events occurred which I am now about to summarise. I had returned to civil practice and had finally abandoned Holmes in his Baker Street rooms, although I 
 more absolute pow'r- I say they nourish'd disobedience, fed The ruin of the state. BRUTUS. Why shall the people give One that speaks th
der an arrest, I would send for certain of my creditors; and yet, to say the truth, I had as lief have the foppery of freedom as the morality of impr
law'd like a parrot. POINS. Is it not strange that desire should so many years outlive performance? FALSTAFF. Kiss me, Doll. PRINCE. Saturn and Venus this year in conjunction! What says th' 
ok, for example, at the queer lot of things which he took from Acton's--what was it?--a ball of string, a letter-weight, and I don't know what o
ng of the time, And though they be outstripped by every pen, Reserve them for my love, not for their rhyme, Exceed
 schemes of reconstruction and improvement which have been interrupted by his death. Being himself childless, it was his openly expressed desire that the
bed by them once more. Sherlock Holmes sat for some time in silence, with his head sunk forward and his eyes bent upo
erited should be; And, for my name of George begins with G, It follows in his thought that I am he. These, as I learn, and such like toys as these Hath mov'd his Highness to com
 so beyond all measure That, were my state far worser than it is, I would not wed her for a mine of gold. PETRUCHIO. Hortensio, peace! thou know'st not gold's effect. Tell 
ng eyes. For a couple of minutes he sat in complete silence. McMurdo bore the inspection cheerfully, one hand in his coat pocket, the other twisting his br
 freedom? You know very well that you ask an impossibility.' "'Nothing of the sort,' I answered. 'I have thought it all out to the last detail. The only bar to our esca
on dear, This realm dismantled was Of Jove himself; and now reigns here A very, very- pajock. Hor. You might hav
GER. The Ottomites, reverend and gracious, Steering with due course toward the isle of Rhodes, Have there injointed them 
 bleak air. Come, I will bear thee to some shelter; and thou shalt not die for lack of a dinner, if there live anything in this desert. Cheerly, good Adam! Exeunt SCENE VII. The fores
 Alone he ent'red The mortal gate of th' city, which he painted With shunless destiny; aidless came off, And with a sudden re-enforcement struck Corioli like a planet. Now all's his. When by 
p, and he is arrested at my suit. CHIEF JUSTICE. For what sum? HOSTESS. It is more than for some, my lord; it is for all- all I have. He hath ea
d I as many sons as I have hairs, I would not wish them to a fairer death. And so his knell is knoll'd. MALCOLM. He's worth more sorrow, And that I'll spend for him. SIWA
n argument of laughter To th' rest, and I 'mongst lords be thought a fool. I'd rather than the worth of thrice the sum Had sent to me first, but for my mind's sake; I'd such a courage to do
ILLIAM GLANSDALE SIR THOMAS GARGRAVE MAYOR of LONDON WOODVILLE, Lieutenant of the Tower VERNON, of t
r castle is surprised; your wife and babes Savagely slaughter'd. To relate the manner Were, on the quarry of these murther'd deer, To a
pon which to base my articles. When an actor I had, of course, learned all the secrets of making up, and had been famous in the green-room fo
's not offence that indiscretion finds And dotage terms so. Lear. O sides, you are too tough! Will you yet hold?
nual labour. It's as true as gospel, for I began as a ship's carpenter." "Your hands, my dear sir. Your right
 until one morning he walked into my room in Montague Street. He had changed little, was dressed like a y
sophy can make a Juliet, Displant a town, reverse a prince's doom, It helps not, it prevails not. Talk no more. Friar. O, then I see that madmen h
athing. Seize it, if thou dar'st. AUMERLE. An if I do not, may my hands rot of And never brandish more revengeful steel Over the glittering helmet of my foe! ANOTHER LORD. I task the earth to the lik
ise the holy strength of their command, And underwrite in an observing kind His humorous predominance; yea, watch His pettish lunes, hi
, doth begin to melt And drop upon our bare unarmed heads. Give me my sword and cloak. Falstaff, good night. Exeunt PRINCE, POINS, PETO, and BARDOLPH FALSTAFF.
 the unchaste composition. SECOND LORD. Now, God delay our rebellion! As we are ourselves, what things are we! FIR
 two neighbours. DEMETRIUS. No remedy, my lord, when walls are so wilful to hear without warning. HIPPOLYTA. This is the silliest stuff that ever I heard.
and trim, was placed upon the floor beside him. His hands were clenched and his arms thrown abroad, while his lower limbs w
severely, "you are a little trying at times." He was too much absorbed with his own thoughts to give any immediate answer to my remonstrance. He leaned upon his hand, wi
o is't that knocks? EMILIA. It's the wind. DESDEMONA. [Sings.] "I call'd my love false love; but what said he then? S
widow, Feast with the best, and welcome to my house. My banquet is to close our stomachs up After our g
be a suit of Japanese armor at one side of it. There was a chair just under the lamp, and the elderly man motioned that I should sit
he first time that I saw a chance of having a few words with her alone. She was glad to meet me, but when she did it was not love
honest man you will record this also and set it against my successes!" "Who was the man?" "I have not an idea." "A spy?" "Well, it was evident fro
E. What is this? Sport? LEONTES. Bear the boy hence; he shall not come about her; Away with him; and let her sport herself [MAMILLIUS is led out] 
s than fifteen inches from fore-foot to hind. Add to that the length of neck and head, and you get a creature
keen, intense nature, but for an instant only. When I glanced again his face had resumed that red-Indian composure which had made so many regard him as a machine rather than a man. "The pro
 your disease requires. BUCKINGHAM. I read in's looks Matter against me, and his eye revil'd Me as his abject object. At this instant 
lly and jealousy have reduced us. When I was a very young man, Mr. Holmes, I loved with such a love as comes 
ty debt twenty times over. When it is paid, bring your true friend along. My maid Nerissa and myself meantime Will live as maids and widows. Come, away; 
ched and exaggerated. The writer claimed by a momentary expression, a twitch of a muscle or a glance of an
information. That is not Tobias Gregson's way of going to work. You remember the hat beside the dead man?" "Yes," said Holmes; "by John Underwood and Sons, 129, Camberwell Road." Gr
hain of me, Though most dishonestly he doth deny it. SECOND MERCHANT. How is the man esteem'd here in the city? ANGELO. Of very reverend reputation, sir, Of credit infinite, high
at this outrage may have been perpetrated upon Miss Cushing by these youths, who owed her a grudge and who ho
ke of Clarence, but have been An earnest advocate to plead for him. My lord, you do me shameful injury Falsely to draw me in these vile suspects. GLOUCESTER. You may deny that you wer
h, and proceeded to draw a rough diagram on a page torn from his notebook. "He's the chief foreman of the Iron Dike Company. He's a hard citizen, an old colour ser
obleness, which could have turn'd A distaff to a lance, gilded pale looks, Part shame, part spirit renew'
 old device, and it was play'd When I from Thebes came last a conqueror. 'The thrice three Muses mourning for the death Of Learning, late 
y wealth I'll share amongst you. Wherever we shall meet, for Timon's sake, Let's yet be fellows; let's 
you in this business. Exit Edgar. A credulous father! and a brother noble, Whose nature is so far from doing harms That he suspects none; on whose foolish honesty My practices ride easy! I see t
 here; but if she be obdurate To mild entreaties, God in heaven forbid We should infringe the holy privilege Of blessed sanctuary! Not for all this land Would I be guilty of so deep a sin. BUCK
ht wench. ARMADO. I say, sing. MOTH. Forbear till this company be past. Enter DULL, COSTARD, and JAQUENETTA DULL. Sir, the Duke's pleasure is that you keep Costard safe; and you mus
ome, you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here And fill me from the crown to the toe top-full Of direst cruelty! Make thick my blood, Stop up the access and passage to remorse, 
s. A sudden idea seemed to occur to Holmes, for he leaned forward and touched the lad upon the sleeve. "You have a few 
r, and to laugh moderately; or, to forbear both. BEROWNE. Well, sir, be it as the style shall give us cause to climb in the merriness. COSTARD. The matter is to
rust; o'er them Aufidius, Their very heart of hope. MARCIUS. I do beseech you, By all the battles wherein we have fought, By th' blood we 
 father, and a gracious aged man, Whose reverence even the head-lugg'd bear would lick, Most barbarous, most degenerate, have you madded. Could my good brother suffer you to do i
emed to be going a very long way. Sherlock Holmes was never at fault, however, and he muttered the names as the cab rattled through squares and in and out by tortuous by-streets. "Rochester
ence. Well, au revoir, Von Bork!" With a final wave of his hand he sprang into the car, and a moment later the two golden cones from the headlights shot through the darkness. 
lattery bows? To plainness honour's bound When majesty falls to folly. Reverse thy doom; And in thy best consideration check This hideous rashness. Answer my life my judgment, Thy youngest daug
end; An you be not, hang, beg, starve, die in the streets, For, by my soul, I'll ne'er acknowledge thee, Nor what is mine shall never do thee good. Trust to't. 
m wholesome flowers. SERVANT. Why should we, in the compass of a pale, Keep law and form and due proportion, Showing, as in a model, our firm estate, Whe
uty to mine eyes. Fain would I woo her, yet I dare not speak. I'll call for pen and ink, and write my mind. Fie, de la Pole!
o behold his sway, I will, as 'twere a brother of your order, Visit both prince and people. Therefore, I prithee, Supply me with the habit, and ins
Mr. Bartholomew Sholto in joy and in sorrow for ten long years, but I never saw him with such a face on him as that
h struggle had been a grievous one. On his rigid face there stood an expression of horror, and as it seemed to me, of hatred, such as I have never seen upon human 
hese, however, deals with interest of such importance and implicates so many of the first families in the kingdom that f
ief cures with another's languish. Take thou some new infection to thy eye, And the rank poison of the old will die. Rom. Your plantain leaf is excell
's no cause. BUCKINGHAM. True, madam, none at all. What can you this? Away with them! let them be clapp'd up close,
 show. LEWIS. Your Grace shall pardon me, I will not back: I am too high-born to be propertied, To be a secondary at control, Or useful serving-man and instrument To any so
eturned from his solitary excursion. We slept in a double-bedded room, which was the best that the little country inn could do for
Get you a place. King. How fares our cousin Hamlet? Ham. Excellent, i' faith; of the chameleon's dish. I eat the air, promise-cramm'd. You 
TLEMAN. His only child. He had two sons- if this be worth your hearing, Mark it- the eldest of them at three years old, I' th' swathing clothes the other, from their nursery Were stol'n; and 
ror which I had myself felt at this curt declaration; but his face showed rather the quiet and interested composure of the 
ch particular star in heaven and By all their influences, you may as well Forbid the sea for to obey the moon As or by oath remove or counsel s
e To tell this tale of mine. CYMBELINE. I am sorry for thee. By thine own tongue thou art condemn'd, and must Endure our law. Thou'rt dead. IMOGEN. That headless man I thought had been my lord. C
e. To business that we love we rise betime, And go to't with delight. SOLDIER. A thousand, sir, Early though't be, have on their riveted trim,
tle flow of soothing explanation from the butler. "Well, I won't see him, Staples. I can't have my work interrupted like this. I am not a
romptly than is usual at Scotland Yard when provincials need their assistance. It is a very cold scent upon which the Metropolitan expert is generally asked to run. "Dear Inspector MacDon
 "My head whirls," said he. "Your words have dazed me." "The principal difficulty in your case," remarked Holmes, in his didactic fashion, "lay in the fact of there being too much eviden
s, mine is ready; now or whensoever, provided I be so able as now. Lord. The King and Queen and all are c
nd suspended, as it were, in the air, for all beneath was in shadow, there hung a face,--the very face 
may be, the young lady was very decidedly carried away, and, having quite made up her mind that her stepfather
was for the moment as startled as I. His hand closed like a vice upon my wrist in his agitation. Then he broke into a low laugh and put his lips to my ear. "It is a nice household," 
heap this care on me? I am unfit for state and majesty. I do beseech you, take it not amiss: I cannot nor I will not yield to you. BUCKINGHAM. If you refuse it-a
 is what we call an alterative in medicine--a fresh starting-point, a cleanser of the system. "By the way, Holmes," I added, "I have no doubt the connection between my boot
 and dangerous man. The Rev. Dr. Shlessinger, missionary from South America, is none other than Holy Peters, one of the most unscrupulous rascals that Australia has ever evolved--and for a yo
 "Where's Mary?" I asked. "Oh, she has gone to pay some accounts." I was impatient and paced up and down the roo
me out to him. The dancing Irish deviltry had gone from her lover's eyes. She read his danger in his earnest face. "Something has happened!" she cried. "Oh, Jack, you are in 
e clink of horses' hoofs. "Now, Watson," said Holmes, as a tall dog-cart dashed up through the gloom, throwing out two golden tunnels of yellow light from its side lanter
ion that this outrage may have been perpetrated upon Miss Cushing by these youths, who owed her a grudge and who hoped to f
mplation, Only attended by Nerissa here, Until her husband and my lord's return. There is a monastery two miles off, And there we will abide. I do desire 
s ask but the parings of one's nail, A rush, a hair, a drop of blood, a pin, A nut, a cherry-stone; But she, more covetous, would have a chain. Master, be wise; an if you give it
red? Prince. O my sweet beef, I must still be good angel to thee. The money is paid back again. Fal. O, I do not like that paying back! 'Tis 
 minds, Had been incorporate. So we grew together, Like to a double cherry, seeming parted, But yet an union in partition, Two lovely berries moulded on one stern; So,
rothers' lives. MARCUS. Which of your hands hath not defended Rome And rear'd aloft the bloody battle-axe, Writing destruction on the enemy's castle? O, 
 To us th' imagin'd voice of God himself, The very opener and intelligencer Between the grace, the sanc
hem- a strange one, To break the heart of generosity And make bold power look pale- they threw their caps As they
ate with your bowl. SECOND LORD. [Aside] If his wit had been like him that broke it, it would have run all out. CLOTEN. When a gentleman is dispos'd to swear, it is n
e top was suddenly whisked out, and from the darkness came a reedy, quivering voice. "I have a pistol," it cried. "I give you my word that I'll fire if you come any nearer." "This really grows ou
o Servant, giving him a paper] Go, sirrah, trudge about Through fair Verona; find those persons out Whose names are written there, and to them say, 
ng thing. One great yellow lantern in our bows threw a long, flickering funnel of light in front of us. Right ahead a dark blur upon the water showed where the Aurora lay, and the 
traced this lady so far, you can also say what has become of her." "I will endeavour to do so. In the first place she was seized by your secretary, and stabbed him in order to escape. Thi
at Venus did with Mars. CLEOPATRA. O Charmian, Where think'st thou he is now? Stands he or sits he? Or does he walk? or is he
, If he had gone forth consul, found it so. BRUTUS. The gods have well prevented it, and Rome Sits safe and still without him. Enter an 
 Did you ne'er hear say, Two may keep counsel, putting one away? Rom. I warrant thee my man's as true as steel. Nurse. Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady. Lord, Lord! when 'twas a li
hich spoke of intense suppressed excitement. An instant later he pulled me back into the blackest corner of the room, 
t like this dreadful night, That thunders, lightens, opens graves, and roars As doth the lion in the Capitol, A man no mightier than thyself or me In personal
 said Holmes, peering at this sinister relic. "Anything more?" In silence Baynes led the way to the sink and held forward his candle. The limbs and body of 
 ditty, yet the note was very untuneable. FIRST PAGE. YOU are deceiv'd, sir; we kept time, we lost not our time. TOUCHSTONE. By my troth, yes; I coun
rer in my account. Though this knave came something saucily into the world before he was sent for, yet was his mother fair, the
n?" said McGinty. "That's so. We're looking to you, Councillor, and to the other leading citizens, to help us in upholding law and
h of them." I glanced at my morning paper. "Is that Eduardo Lucas of Godolphin Street?" "Yes." "You will not see him." "Why not?" "He was murdered in his house last nigh
 true wretchedness. So thou, Posthumus, Wilt lay the leaven on all proper men: Goodly and gallant shall be false and perjur'd From thy great fa
I might never spit white again. There is not a dangerous action can peep out his head but I am thrust upon it. Well, I cannot last ever; but it was alway yet the trick of our English nation, if they
stol'st away the ladies' hearts of France, I thought King Henry had resembled thee In courage, courtship, and proportion; But all his mind is bent to holiness, To number Ave-Mar
 his hands That knows no touch to tune the harmony. Within my mouth you have engaol'd my tongue, Doubly portcullis'd with my teeth and lips; And dull, unfeeling, barren ignorance 
 fast as I could run." "Who's Teddy?" asked Holmes. The man leaned over and pulled up the front of a kind of hutch in the corner. In an instant out there slipped a beautiful reddish-
er of his mouth, stood a tall, strong, heavily built man who could be none other than the famous McGinty himself. He was a black-maned giant, bearded to the cheek-bones, and with a shock of raven 
ve said that his Alpine-stock had been left leaning against a rock which jutted on to the path. From the top of this boulder the gleam of something bright caught my eye, and, raising my hand
en did ransom lives Of me for jests; but now I'll set my teeth, And send to darkness all that stop me. Come, Let's have one other gaudy night. Call to m
 thee; and withal my boy Shall carry from me to the Empress' sons Presents that I intend to send them both. Come, come; thou'lt do my message, wilt thou
asy of despair. "They've got her, that hellhound Woodley and the blackguard parson. Come, man, come, if you really are her frien
 commission of my place and person, The which immediacy may well stand up And call itself your brother. Gon. Not so hot! In his own grace he doth exalt himself More th
nt Patrick, but there is, Horatio, And much offence too. Touching this vision here, It is an honest ghost, that let me tell you. For your desire to know what is between us, O'ermaster't
ill. Let but the commons hear this testament- Which, pardon me, I do not mean to read- And they would go and kiss dead Caesar's wounds And dip their napkins in his sacred blood, 
y knee shall bow my prayers To them for you. ANTONY. Good night, sir. My Octavia, Read not my blemishes in the world's report. I have not kept my square; but t
Sirrah, or you must fight or else be hang'd. KING HENRY. Away with them to prison; and the day of combat shall be the last of the next month. Come, Somerset, we'll see thee sent a
ed Dr. Mortimer, "what is this?" A steep curve of heath-clad land, an outlying spur of the moor, lay in front of us. On the s
ould possibly be. They were always very careful, I observed, to turn my face away from the window, so that I became consumed with the desire to see what was going on behind my back. At first it s
d time encounter her! HERMIONE. What wisdom stirs amongst you? Come, sir, now I am for you again. Pray you sit by us, And tell's a tale. MAMILLIUS. Merry or sad shal
e days. In faith, he's penitent; And yet his trespass, in our common reason- Save that, they say, the wars must 
f God I stand, and thence Against the undivulged pretense I fight Of treasonous malice. MACDUFF. And so do I. ALL. So all. MACBETH. Let's briefly put on manly readiness And m
 prey was safe within the trap. Tiger Cormac laughed horribly, and Boss McGinty clapped his great hand across his mouth. "Be quiet, you fool!" he whispered. "You'll be 
ay about it. No prophet will I trust if she prove false. Exeunt SCENE 3. London. Before the Tower gates Enter the DUKE OF GLOUCESTER, with his serving-men in blue co
times. Dear me! Door locked, I understand. Jewels worth half a million missing. How was the window?" "Fastened; but there are steps on the sill." "
 petitionary countrymen. The good gods assuage thy wrath, and turn the dregs of it upon this varlet here; this, who, like a block
 from the beginning is false. According to your idea, there was never any hidden menace, or secret society, or Valley of Fear, or Boss MacSom
ught, while I sat beside him, curious to learn what this new quest might be which seemed to tax his powers so sorely, and yet afraid to break in upon the current of his thoughts. We h
en That come to gather money for their corn. If we have entrance, as I hope we shall, And that we find the slothful 
am fairly justified in my inferences. As to the adjectives, I said, if I remember right, amiable, unambitious, and absent-minded. It is my experience that it is only an amia
many and as well-born bloods as those- BASTARD. Some bastards too. KING PHILIP. Stand in his face to contradict his cl
ed it at Mapleton. When I told him every detail he gave it up and thought only of saving his own skin." "But his stables had been searched?" "Oh, 
e open market? Tell us the truth, for there lies your only hope of safety." Ryder passed his tongue over his parched lips. "I will tell you it just as it happened, si
LOUCESTER. Peace, Mayor! thou know'st little of my wrongs: Here's Beaufort, that regards nor God nor King, Hath here distrain'd the Tower to his 
! KING. What piles of wealth hath he accumulated To his own portion! And what expense by th' hour Seems to flow from him! How, i' th' name of thrift
 is it to you who are my friends?" roared McMurdo in a voice which brought every head in the carriage round to witness the altercatio
 once again. Stapleton looked at me with a curious expression in his face. "Queer place, the moor!" said he. "But what is it?" "The peasants say it is the Hound of the Baskerv
orwood, and came to my business from there. I knew nothing of this affair until I was in the train, when I read what you have just heard. I at once saw the horrible danger 
 Where is my strength, my valour, and my force? Our English troops retire, I cannot stay them; A woman clad in armour chaseth them. Enter LA PUCELLE Here, he
ng, Seditious to his Grace and to the state. BUCKINGHAM. That is too much presumption on thy part; But if thy arms be to no other en
is I went to see Melville, at whose house I had first met Garcia, but I found that he really knew rather less about him than I did. Finally when I got your reply to my wire I came out
e extracted two bottles of whisky, some glasses, and a pack of cards. They spent a hilarious night, without an anxious thoug
ks, fairest lady. What, are men mad? Hath nature given them eyes To see this vaulted arch and the rich crop Of sea and land, which can distin
 a boy right out. [JUNO alights] CERES. Highest Queen of State, Great Juno, comes; I know her by her gait. JU
der. There's villanous news abroad. Here was Sir John Bracy from your father. You must to the court in the morning. That same mad fellow of t
th you, Mr. McMurdo," said the older man, speaking with a hesitation which showed that he was on delicate ground. "It was kind of you to come." "Why did you not put 
ereign, lest example Breed, by his sufferance, more of such a kind. KING HENRY. O, let us yet be merciful! CAMBRIDGE. So may your Highness, and yet punish too. GREY. Sir, You show great mercy i
 far less oppressive in Croydon than in town. Holmes had sent on a wire, so that Lestrade, as wiry, as dapper, and as ferret-like as e
s of a free and open nature, That thinks men honest that but seem to be so, And will as tenderly be led by the nose As asses are. I have't. It is engender'd. 
PHERD. Let him, my son; he shall not need to grieve At knowing of thy choice. FLORIZEL. Come, come, he must not. Mark o
. Bianca's love Made me exchange my state with Tranio, While he did bear my countenance in the town; And happily I have arrived at the last Unto the wished haven of m
Lestrade, as being just a trifle too obvious," said Holmes. "You do not add imagination to your other great qualities; but if you could for one moment put yourself in the place of this young
sement column. The same day there arrived through the post a small card-board box addressed to me, which I found to contain a very large and 
o seeks for better of thee, sauce his palate With thy most operant poison. What is here? Gold? Yellow, glittering, precious gold? No, gods, I am n
y own agents!" "I don't stand for that, mister, but there's a stool pigeon or a cross somewhere, and it's up to you to find out where it is. Anyhow I 
 and as he did so I saw for the second time that night a startled, surprised look come over his face. For myself, as I followed his gaze my skin was cold under m
hat I require a clearness); and with him- To leave no rubs nor botches in the work- Fleance his son, that keeps him company, Whose absence is no less material to me Than is his father's, must embra
o-night The Duke was dumb and could not speak a word. [The KING swoons] QUEEN. How fares my lord? Help, lords! T
 they do hug him in their melting bosoms. MARCUS. O brother, speak with possibility, And do not break into these deep extremes. TITUS. Is not my sorrow deep, having no bottom? Then be my passions
d asked came in a quicker and an infinitely more tragic form than he could have imagined. I was still dressing in my bedroom next morning when there was a tap at the do
 naked feet, stone-headed wooden mace, great agility, small poisoned darts. What do you make of all this?" "A savage!" I exclaimed. "Perhaps one of those Indians who were the a
o say afterwards that I had solved it without your help." Holmes laughed good-humoredly. "Well, well, Inspect
been o'er ta'en; and yet she writes Pursuit would be but vain. COUNTESS. What angel shall Bless this unworthy husband? He cannot thrive, Unless her prayers, whom heaven delights to hear And
" He slapped it down upon the table in front of him. "Listen to this: "'You will see me when all is ready. Come at once. "'F.H.M.' Now my theory all alo
e been conducing a chemical experiment indoors which has left our little room hardly fit for the reception of so distinguished a visitor." I had heard the clic
into them. My breeding was, sir, as Your Highness knows. Their nurse, Euriphile, Whom for the theft I wedded, stole these children Upon my banishment; I mov'd her to't, Ha
hat you deem cannon bullets. There is no slander in an allow'd fool, though he do nothing but rail; nor no railing in known discreet ma
ful services may prove As benefits to thee; for I will fight Against my cank'red country with the spleen Of all the under fiends. But if 
] Hark you far off! There is Aufidius. List what work he makes Amongst your cloven army. MARCIUS. O, they are at it! LARTIUS. Their noise be our instruction. Ladders, ho! Enter the a
t place, I may tell you that Moriarty rules with a rod of iron over his people. His discipline is tremendous. There is on
f gallant youth in our rich fields- Poor we call them in their native lords! DAUPHIN. By faith and honour, Our madams mock at us and plainly say 
 All will come well. There is a huge error which it may take some little time to rectify. Wait in patience. "Neville. Written in pen
ay find a jealous husband at the bottom of it all. It was clearly a dangerous quest. She would not have said 'Godspeed' had it not been so. 'D'--
full three-score thousand. EXETER. There's five to one; besides, they all are fresh. SALISBURY. God's arm strike with us! 'tis a fearful odds. God bye you, Pri
ion mend! Graves only be men's works and death their gain! Sun, hide thy beams. Timon hath done his reign. Exit TIMON into his cave FIRST SENATOR. His discontents are unremovably Coupled to n
which he has been seeking. I am much mistaken if it does not bring him down." I went at once to my room and drew up my report of the morning's conversa
come, bondage! for thou art a way, I think, to liberty. Yet am I better Than one that's sick o' th' gout, since he had rather Groan so in perpetuity than be cur'd By th' sure
een his country and ours?" "Yes, sir." "And to whom would this document be sent if it fell into the hands of an enemy?" "To any of the great Chancelleries of Europe. It is probably 
to London before we are through. Anyhow, I'm not ashamed to say that it is a deal too thick for the likes of me." CHAPTER IV Darkness At three in the morning the chief 
he said, addressing my companion. "Miss Mary Morstan," he read. "Hum! I have no recollection of the name. Ask the young lady to step up
." "But his wife--you said that she had ceased to love him." "This hat has not been brushed for weeks. When I see you, my dear Watson, with a week's accumulation of dus
 was as good a man as he. AGAMEMNON. March patiently along. Let one be sent To pray Achilles see us at our tent. If in his death the gods have us befri
this singular narrative. "What did you do?" he asked. "I wired to Cambridge to learn if anything had been heard of him there. I have had an answer. No one 
ey shake themselves to pieces. BERTRAM. What shall be done to him? SECOND LORD. Nothing, but let him have thanks. Demand of him my condition, and what credit I hav
 wife. And here--ah, now, this really is something a little recherché." He dived his arm down to the bottom of the chest
ngs. Will you come upstairs, Dr. Watson, and inspect my collection of Lepidoptera? I think it is the most complete one in the south-west of En
I said in my cable. Every last one of them, semaphore, lamp code, Marconi--a copy, mind you, not the original. That was too dangerous. But it's the real goo
 wife alone all night for anything. She is very nervous and begged me to come back." "I dare say you are right. But if you could 
ds of date-broke bonds And the detention of long-since-due debts, Against my honour? FLAVIUS. Please you, gentlemen, The time is unagreeable to this business. Your importunacy cease till a
thank him that he cuts me from my tale, For I profess not talking. Only this- Let each man do his best; and here draw I A sword whose temper I intend to stain With the best blood tha
pe to see such a sight as that again, Mr. Holmes. From north, south, east, and west every man who had a shade of red in his hair had tramped into the city to answer the adverti
. But I retain your services, Mr. Holmes. I desire you to spare no expense and no pains to get at the truth." My friend turned to the country inspector. "I sup
ified much more promptly than is usual at Scotland Yard when provincials need their assistance. It is a very cold scent upon which the Metropolitan expert is generally asked t
ther. Holmes, however, is, I fancy, of a different way of thinking, and holds to this day that, if one could find the Grecian girl, one might learn how the wrong
y nobles leave me; and my state is braved, Even at my gates, with ranks of foreign pow'rs; Nay, in the body of the fleshly land, This kingdom, this confine of b
ink. CLARENCE. Then this is mine opinion: that King Lewis Becomes your enemy for mocking him About the marriage of the Lady Bona. GLOUCESTER. And Warwick, doing what you gave in charge, Is now dishon
ld and parent. [Kneels] CORIOLANUS. What's this? Your knees to me, to your corrected son? Then let the pebbles on the hungr
e. Lo, by thy side where Rape and Murder stands; Now give some surance that thou art Revenge- Stab them, or tear them on 
er?" "No, sir; nothing." "Well, then, here is your half-sovereign. There's another one waiting for you if you can bring any more i
d silence. Nor is Nature always in one mood throughout this grim district. It comprises snow-capped and lofty mountains, and dark and gloomy valleys. There are swift-flowing rivers which da
hee kindly for thy mistress' sake, That us'd me so; or else, by Jove I vow, I should have scratch'd out your unseeing eyes, To make my master out of love with thee. Exit <<THI
n't, And vent it for a mock'ry? Here is one: 'Two boys, an old man (twice a boy), a lane, Preserv'd the Britons, was the Romans' bane.' LORD. Nay, be not angry, sir. POSTHUMUS
e--complete and heart-subduing silence. It has been said there is nothing appertaining to life upon the broad plain. That is hardly true. Looking down from the Sierra Blanco, one sees a pathway trac
nto town?' "'If you walk on a mile or so to Clapham Junction,' said he, 'you'll just be in time for the last to Victoria.' "So that was the e
ranio did, myself enforc'd him to; Then pardon him, sweet father, for my sake. VINCENTIO. I'll slit the villain's nose that would have sent me to the ga
e, nay, one quiet breath of rest. A sceptre snatch'd with an unruly hand Must be boisterously maintain'd as gain'd, And he that stands upon a slipp'ry place Makes nice of no v
t. Enter a third Gentleman. THIRD GENTLEMAN. News, lads! Our wars are done. The desperate tempest hath so bang'd the Turks, That their designment halts. A noble ship of Venice Hath seen a grie
have lost him on a dangerous sea. MONTANO. I she well shipp'd? CASSIO. His bark is stoutly timber'd, and his pilot Of very expert and approved allowance; Therefore my hopes, not surfeited to dea
s when she's fall'n out with her husband. Your noble Tullus Aufidius will appear well in these wars, his great opposer, Coriolanus, being now in no request of his count
an-most degenerate king! But, lords, we hear this fearful tempest sing, Yet seek no shelter to avoid the storm; We see the wind sit sore u
You have a double tongue within your mask, And would afford my speechless vizard half. KATHARINE. 'Veal' quoth the Dutchman. Is not 'veal' a c
n, and therefore we cannot count upon delay." "Good God!" I cried. "What can it mean, this relentless persecution?" "The papers which Openshaw carried are obviously of vital importance to the person 
s by his private secretary, Mr. Joseph Stangerson. The two bade adieu to their landlady upon Tuesday, the 4th inst., and departed to Euston Station with the avowed intention of 
erred me to a well-known firm in Pall Mall. There I halted on my way home, and met with courtesy from the representative. No, I could not have Charlington Hall for the summe
re and Dost seem so ignorant, we'll enforce it from thee By a sharp torture. PISANIO. Sir, my life is yours; I humbly set it at your will; but for my mistress, I not
ed him to be some carpenter or joiner at work in the hotel. He took no particular notice of him, beyond thinking in his own mind that
ard already? What a pagan rascal is this! an infidel! Ha! you shall see now, in very sincerity of fear and cold heart will he to the King and lay 
an live to be a man. GRATIANO. Now by this hand I gave it to a youth, A kind of boy, a little scrubbed boy No higher than thyself, the judge's clerk; A prating boy that begg'd it as a fee; I 
s shoulders. "One cannot always have the success for which one hopes. An investigator needs facts, and not legends or rumours. It has not been a satisfactory c
there was some rumour in the Globe last night. I thought it might have reached your ears." Holmes shot out his long, thin arm and picked out Volume "H" in his 
atson." "That he should appear only at that point?" "Exactly. Our first effort must be to find who are the tenants of Charlington Hall. Then, again, how about the connection between Carruthers and W
ing at the dead animal. "There is no smell which might have interfered with his power of scent. We owe you a deep apology, Sir Henry, for having exposed you to this fright. I was p
at case thou stand'st Further than he is Caesar. CLEOPATRA. Go on. Right royal! THYREUS. He knows that you embrace not Antony As you did
our in continual motion; To which is fixed as an aim or but Obedience; for so work the honey bees, Creatures that by a rule in nature teach The act of order to a peopled kingdom. They 
e heads In congregations, to yawn, be still, and wonder, When one but of my ordinance stood up To speak of peace or war. Enter VOLUMNIA I talk of you: Why did you wish m
xpected them to come to-night." "You reasoned it out beautifully," I exclaimed in unfeigned admiration. "It is so long a chain, and yet every link rings true." "It sav
 Lancaster, Sir Walter Blunt, Falstaff. King. How bloodily the sun begins to peer Above yon busky hill! The day looks pale At his distemp'rature. Prince. The southern wind Do
wenty thousand ducats Will not debate the question of this straw. This is th' imposthume of much wealth and peace, That inward breaks, and shows no cause without Why the
d, To be a secondary at control, Or useful serving-man and instrument To any sovereign state throughout the world. Your breath first kindled the dead coal o
ns is fretted; her andirons- I had forgot them- were two winking Cupids Of silver, each on one foot standing, nicely Depending on t
lous as a pair of professional beauties. There will be some fun over this case if they are both put upon the scent." I was amazed at the calm way in which he rippled on. "Sur
e than I did look for Of such an ungrown warrior. Prince. O, this boy Lends mettle to us all! Exit. Enter Douglas. Doug. Another king? They grow like Hydra's heads. I
e same couch, but looked brighter than before. The maid had entered with us, and began once more to foment the bruise upon her mistress's brow. "I hope," said the lady, "
etaining but a quantity of life, Which bleeds away even as a form of wax Resolveth from his figure 'gainst the fire? What in the world should make me now deceive, Since I must lose the use of all dec
ands under more calumnious tongues Than I myself, poor man. KING. Stand up, good Canterbury; Thy truth and thy integrity is rooted In us, thy frie
ad, But boldly stand and front him to his face. YORK. How now! Is Somerset at liberty? Then, York, unloose thy long-imprisoned thoughts And let thy tongue be equal with thy heart. Shall I 
mesby Roylott, of Stoke Moran. It is not necessary that I should prolong a narrative which has already run to too great a length by telling how we broke the sad news to the terrified girl
ion to be plain. I have seen better faces in my time Than stands on any shoulder that I see Before me at this instant. Corn. This is some fellow W
 a most dangerous ruffian, and I think that a few months were sufficient to satisfy the demands of justice. THE ADVENTURE OF THE PRIORY SCHOOL We have had some dr
's defence For shame, my liege, make them your precedent! Were it not pity that this goodly boy Should lose his birthright by his father's fault, And long hereafter say un
lown over many knavish professions, he settled only in rogue. Some call him Autolycus. CLOWN. Out upon him! prig, for my life, prig! He haunts wakes, fairs, and bear-baitings. A
happened, then?" "He had his suspicions before, and he followed me as you describe. I never knew it until I was at the very door. It was thick 
 again No loving token to his Majesty? MARGARET. Yes, my good lord: a pure unspotted heart, Never yet taint with love, I send the King. SUFFOLK. And this withal. [Kisses her] MAR
ch picking grievances; For he hath found to end one doubt by death Revives two greater in the heirs of life; And therefore will he wipe his tables clean, And keep no tell-tale to his 
e evil us'd, he would outgo His father by as much as a performance Does an irresolute purpose. KING. There's his period, To sheath his knife in us. 
rief as age; wretched in both. If it be you that stirs these daughters' hearts Against their father, fool me not so much To bear it tamely; touch me with noble anger, And let not women's weap
I liv'd thus long-let me speak myself, Since virtue finds no friends-a wife, a true one? A woman, I dare say without vain-glory, Never yet branded with suspici
t sea or no? SHYLOCK. There I have another bad match: a bankrupt, a prodigal, who dare scarce show his head on the Rialto; a beggar, that was us'd to come so smug upon th
." This is a dreadful sentence. COUNTESS. Brought you this letter, gentlemen? FIRST GENTLEMAN. Ay, madam; And for the contents' sake are sorry for our pains.
 for a ring-carrier! Exeunt BERTRAM, PAROLLES, and ARMY WIDOW. The troop is past. Come, pilgrim, I will bring you Where you shall host. Of enjoin'd penitents There's four or five
haracter," said he. "I have not seen a man who, if he turned his talents that way, was more calculated to fill the gap left by the illustrious Moriarty. And now, my poor Watson, here we are,
 this! There's two or three of us have seen strange sights. CASSIUS. Am I not stay'd for? Tell me. CINNA. Yes, you are. O Cassius, if you could But win the noble Bru
surmounted by mouldering heraldic emblems; but besides this central carriage drive I observed several points where there we
 to exert ourselves to find another such opening for you. Good-day to you, Miss Hunter.' She struck a gong upon the table, and I was shown out by the page. "Well, Mr. Holmes, when I got b
whole one I! For thou dost know, O Damon dear, This realm dismantled was Of Jove himself; and now reigns here A very, very- pajock. Hor. You might have rhym'd. 
ath, like an impediment in the current, made it more violent and unruly. Go you to Angelo; answer his requiring with a plausible obedience; agree with
or. CHAMBERLAIN. Lady, I shall not fail t' approve the fair conceit The King hath of you. [Aside] I have perus'd her well: Beauty and honour in her are so mingled That
on facit monachum'; that's as much to say as I wear not motley in my brain. Good madonna, give me leave to prove you a fool. OLIVIA. Can you do it? CLOWN. Dexteriously, goo
 his sword. Caesar, now be still; I kill'd not thee with half so good a will. Dies. Alarum. Retreat. Enter Octavius, Antony, Messala, Lucilius, and the Army. OCT
has been done to dispose of those rumours to which local superstition has given rise. There is no reason whatever to suspect foul play, or to imagine that death could be from any but natural cau
tranger," said I. "Can you tell me anything about him? What did Selden say? Did he find out where he hid, or what he was doing?" "He saw him once or twice, but he is a 
ile trudge, Watson?" "Certainly," I answered. "Your leg will stand it?" "Oh, yes." "Here you are, doggy! Good old Toby! Smell it, Toby, smell 
scuits in the intervals of his toilet. "However, as you know, my habits are irregular, and such a feat means less to me than to most men. It was very essential that I should
t. His looks I fear, and his intents I doubt. [Retires.] Rom. Thou detestable maw, thou womb of death, Gorg'd with the dearest morsel of the earth, Th
nd confession, since there are still some details which we can only learn from your lips." The man groaned and sank his face in his hands. We waited, but he was silent
sloyal knave Are tricks of custom; but in a man that's just They're close dilations, working from the heart, That passion cannot rule. IAGO. For Michael Cassio, I dare be sworn I think 
ole-souled answer. I am sure they do. But your more deadly proposition is not so clear. Let us for a moment consider the difficulties which stand in the way. "We will
to Diomed You shall be mistress, and command him wholly. TROILUS. Grecian, thou dost not use me courteously To shame the zeal of my petition to the In praising her. I tell thee, lord of Greece, Sh
 under The pleasing punishment that women bear, Had made provision for her following me, And soon and safe arrived where I was. There had she not been long but she b
LBOT. My gracious Prince, and honourable peers, Hearing of your arrival in this realm, I have awhile given truce unto my wars To do my duty 
d over. There is no mystery about it at all. I am simply applying to ordinary life a few of those precepts of observation and deduction which I advocated in that article. I
and who had already made a disturbance at Mr. Doran's house that morning." "Ah, yes. I should like a few particulars as to this young lady, and your relations to her." Lord St. Simon shr
ng after a sleepless night she determined to see him, possibly for the last time, and make one strong endeavour to draw him from those evil influences which were sucking him do
 "Yes," I said, "I can follow each of your arguments. I confess, however, that I am unable to understand how you arrive at the double visit to the optician." Holmes
 This breast from harbouring foul deceitful thoughts. O, let me live! CADE. [Aside] I feel remorse in myself with his words; but I'll bridle it. He shall die, an it be but for pleading so we
time is fair again. BERTRAM. My high-repented blames, Dear sovereign, pardon to me. KING. All is whole; Not one word more of the consumed time. Let's take the instant by the f
my wad." Von Bork smiled with some bitterness. "You don't seem to have a very high opinion of my honour," said he, "you want the money before you give up the book." "Well
ruth, From off this brier pluck a white rose with me. SOMERSET. Let him that is no coward nor no flatterer, But dare maintain the party of the tr
uite it last? No; So it may prove an argument of laughter To th' rest, and I 'mongst lords be thought a fool. I'd rather than the worth of thrice the sum Had sent to me first, but for my m
. Ber. I think it be no other but e'en so. Well may it sort that this portentous figure Comes armed through our watch, so like the King That was and is the question of these wars. Hor.
iny piston, and sank back into the velvet-lined arm-chair with a long sigh of satisfaction. Three times a day for many months I had witnessed this performance, but custom had not r
each side pillar surmounted by mouldering heraldic emblems; but besides this central carriage drive I observed several points where there were gaps in the hedge and pat
 got up I found him still lying quiet enough. I made for the boat, and in an hour we were well out at sea. Tonga had brought all his earthly possessions with him, his arms and
ily." Holmes sprang to his feet, all energy in an instant. "Can you fit us both into your dog-cart?" "Yes, I can." "Then, Watson, we will postpone our breakfast. Mr. Roundhay, we are e
instrument cas'd up Or, being open, put into his hands That knows no touch to tune the harmony. Within my mouth you have engaol'd my tongue, Doubly portcullis'd with my t
sibility of someone having in broad daylight, under the eyes of all these opposite rooms, forced himself through it. Such an idea was absurd. I was measuring how tall
 woundings of a father's curse Pierce every sense about thee!- Old fond eyes, Beweep this cause again, I'll pluck ye out, And cast you, with the waters that you lose, To temper clay. Yea, 
 secret, and most grave, Who was in life a foolish peating knave. Come, sir, to draw toward an end with you. Good night, mother. [Exit the Queen. Then] Exit Hamlet, tugging in Po
regard to the warrant. Some delay was inevitable. The magistrate's signature might not be obtained until next morning. If Holmes would call about nine he could go down with Lestrade
 Harry; sit thou by my bed, And hear, I think, the very latest counsel That ever I shall breathe. God knows, my son, By what by-paths and indirect crook'd ways I met this crown; and I 
eligious strength of sacred vows; The latest breath that gave the sound of words Was deep-sworn faith, peace, amity, true love, Between our kingdoms and our r
n fire. Come to the matter. IACHIMO. All too soon I shall, Unless thou wouldst grieve quickly. This Posthumus, Most like a noble lord in love and one That had a royal lover, took his hint; An
ice under the British government." Holmes chuckled. "I did not know you quite so well in those days. One has to be discreet when one talks of high matters of s
 deserv'd it, were it carbuncled Like holy Phoebus' car. Give me thy hand. Through Alexandria make a jolly march; Bear our hack'd targets like the men that owe them. Had
 a jury to decide," said Lestrade. "Anyhow, we shall have you on a charge of conspiracy, if not for attempted murder." "And you'll probably find that your creditors will impound the bankin
ertain districts of West Africa and is kept as a secret among them. This particular specimen I obtained under very extraordinary circumstances in the Ubangi country." He opened the paper
 Mr. Holmes. The head-lines are: 'Mysterious Affair at Lower Norwood. Disappearance of a Well-known Builder. Suspicion of Murder and Arson. A Clue to the Criminal.' That is the clue which
 depender on a thing that leans, Who cannot be new built, nor has no friends So much as but to prop him? [The QUEEN drops the box. PISANIO takes it up] Thou tak'st up Thou
ke, let me in. BOLINGBROKE. What shrill-voic'd suppliant makes this eager cry? DUCHESS. [Within] A woman, and thine aunt, great King; 'tis I. Speak with me, pity me, open the door. A beggar beg
earing alarums at our chamber doors. ALENCON. Of all exploits since first I follow'd arms Ne'er heard I of a warlike enterprise More venturous or desperate than this. BASTARD. I think this Tal
f our gracious Empress- As in good time he may- from Ireland coming, Bringing rebellion broached on his sword, How many would the peaceful city quit To welcome him! Much more, and much m
 Is't not so? FALSTAFF. 'Tis so. SILENCE. Is't so? Why then, say an old man can do somewhat. Re-enter DAVY DAVY. An't please your worship, there's one Pistol come 
 again, Or ne'er return again into my sight. Away, I say. Stayest thou to vex me here? Exit LAUNCE A slave that still an end turns me to shame! Sebastian, I have entertained thee
 been one contretemps; for a man and his wife had driven up while they were still emptying their revolvers into the silent body. It had been suggested that they should shoot them both
 crowns and crownets; realms and islands were As plates dropp'd from his pocket. DOLABELLA. Cleopatra- CLEOPATRA. Think you there was or might be suc
 death is enrolled in the Capitol, his glory not extenuated, wherein he was worthy, nor his offenses enforced, for which he suffered death. Enter Antony and others, with Caesar's bod
 from jealousy as I am from giving him cause; and that, I hope, is an unmeasurable distance. MRS. FORD. You are the h
 have done the lawn and the bicycle shed," said he. "I have also had a ramble through the Ragged Shaw.
 have got it. Who asked you to cross my path? If you had left me alone I would not have hurt you." "I remember," Holmes gasped. "The spring! It drew blood. This box--this on the table." "The very 
 last detail. The only bar to our escape is that we can get no boat fit for the voyage, and no provisions to last us for so long a time. There are plenty of little yachts and
 send the King. SUFFOLK. And this withal. [Kisses her] MARGARET. That for thyself, I will not so presume To send such peevish tokens to a king. Exeunt REIGNIER and MA
 shall think meet To put an antic disposition on), That you, at such times seeing me, never shall, With arms encumb'red thus, or this head-sha
 son. GONZALO. Heavens keep him from these beasts! For he is, sure, i' th' island. ALONSO. Lead away. ARIEL. Prospero my lord shall know what I have done; So, King, go safely on to seek thy son. Exe
 that it was possible that some love intrigue was on foot. That would have accounted for his stealthy movements and also for the uneasiness of his
 the bedrooms opened. My own was in the same wing as Baskerville's and almost next door to it. These rooms appeared to be much more modern than the central part of the house, and the br
 the blown rose may they stop their nose That kneel'd unto the buds. Admit him, sir. Exit SERVANT ENOBARBUS. [Aside] Mine honesty and I begin to square. The loyalty well held to fools 
 the chance that Sir Charles, who had conceived a friendship for him, made him the minister of his charity in the case of thi
 thou art a general offence, and every man should beat thee. I think thou wast created for men to breathe themselves upon 
 time our sexton hath reformed Signior Leonato of the matter. And, masters, do not forget to specify, when time and place shall serve, that I am an ass. Verg. 
 to the question of who killed John Straker." "And you will devote yourself to that?" "On the contrary, we both go back to London by the night 
 to thy master's bed: Thy mistress is o' th' brothel. Son of sixteen, Pluck the lin'd crutch from thy old limping sire, With it beat out his brains. Piety and fear, Religion to the 
 with it pensively. "We thought that we should like to hear it all from your own lips," he said. "I shall be most happy to tell you anything I can," the constable answered with his eyes u
 your geese," he shouted. "I wish you were all at the devil together. If you come pestering me any more with your silly talk I'll se
 your loving complices Lean on your health; the which, if you give o'er To stormy passion, must perforce decay. You cast th' even
 your tawny ground with your red blood Discolour; and so, Montjoy, fare you well. The sum of all our answer is but this: We would not seek a battle as we are;
, and my children both, And you the calendars of their nativity, Go to a gossips' feast, and go with me; After so long grief, such nati
, and pays it thee again, He lends thee virtue, and he stole that word, From thy behaviour, beauty doth he give And found it in thy cheek: he can affo
, stir, stir! The second cock hath crow'd, The curfew bell hath rung, 'tis three o'clock. Look to the bak'd meats, good Angelica; Spare not for cost. Nurse. G
BUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED C
LENA. His name, I pray you. DIANA. The Count Rousillon. Know you such a one? HELENA. But by the ear, that hears most nobly of him; His face I kn
LENA. Not here, sir? GENTLEMAN. Not indeed. He hence remov'd last night, and with more haste Than is his use. WIDOW. Lord, how we lose our pains! HELENA. All's Well
UEEN ELIZABETH. Come, come, my boy; we will to sanctuary. Madam, farewell. DUCHESS. Stay, I will go with you. QUEEN E
and working, full of state and woe, Such noble scenes as draw the eye to flow, We now present. Those that can pity here May, if th
are men, and spare me the great ones. Put me a caliver into Wart's hand, Bardolph. BARDOLPH. Hold, Wart. Travers
could not identify the places. When I had finished he stood stock still and full of thought. I could see by the twitch of his lip that there was a struggle going on within him. "'Thi
e and spacious, And many unfrequented plots there are Fitted by kind for rape and villainy. Single you thither then this dainty doe, And strike her home by force if not by words. This way, or not at
e the Duke of York a king. YORK. And, Nevil, this I do assure myself, Richard shall live to make the Earl of W
e the window. Some chalk marks over the waistcoat pocket were the only signs of billiards which I could see in one of th
ed by his spring to the door. I had stood for some minutes looking at the silent figure in the bed. His face was almost covered by the clothes and he appeared to be asleep. Then, unable to se
ercoat. "The clothes are commonplace," remarked Holmes, "save only the overcoat, which is full of sugges
finger, but you did not apparently see that both glove and finger were stained with violet ink. She had written in a hurry and dipped her pen too deep. It must have been th
gates of York, But that we enter, as into our dukedom? GLOUCESTER. The gates made fast! Brother, I like not this; For many men t
hat I were a glove upon that hand, That I might touch that cheek! Jul. Ay me! Rom. She speaks. O, speak again, bright angel! for thou art As glorious to this night, being
heads touch heaven, It was my hint to speak- such was the process- And of the Cannibals that each other eat, The Anthropophagi, and men whose heads Do grow beneath their shoulders. This to hea
heavy act with heavy heart relate. Exeunt. THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND I
her. THIRD SERVANT. Reason: because they then less need one another. The wars for my money. I hope to see Romans as cheap as Volscians. They are rising
his masterly manner, and the experience which I had had of his many extraordinary qualities, all made me diffident and backward in cro
ittle girlie, and her mother's pet." The little creature ran across at the words and nestled up against
l the fair effects of future hopes. But wherefore waste I time to counsel the That art a votary to fond desire? Once more adieu. My father at the road Expects my coming, there to see me shipp'd. PRO
ll to nought, and his quails ever Beat mine, inhoop'd, at odds. I will to Egypt; And though I make this marriage for my
myself to lack The courage of a woman; less noble mind Than she which by her death our Caesar tells 'I am conqueror of myself.' Thou art
n the strange face. That was comfortable and elegant, and all my suspicions rose into a fierce bitter flame when I saw that on the mantelpi
nto a deep roar, and then sank back into a melancholy, throbbing murmur once again. Stapleton looked at me with a curious expression in his face. "Queer 
olume from the shelf. "This is the first volume of a gazetteer which is now being published. It may be looked upon as the very latest authority. What have we here? 'Andaman I
plain the absence of a ticket. This would explain it. Everything fits together." "But suppose it were so, we are still as far as ever f
r own weapons, and blowing our own bugle-calls. At Agra there were the 3d Bengal Fusiliers, some Sikhs, two troops of horse, and a battery of artiller
rinces' favours! There is betwixt that smile we would aspire to, That sweet aspect of princes, and their ruin More pangs 
s not worthy, yet he wooes, Yet will he swear he loves. Pedro. Nay, pray thee come; Or if thou wilt hold longer argument, Do it in notes. Balth. Note this before my notes: There's not a note of min
s the love; As little is the wisdom, where the flight So runs against all reason. ROSS. My dearest coz, I pray you, school yourself. But for your husband, He is noble, w
shall be Edward's. And now forthwith shall articles be drawn Touching the jointure that your king must make, Which
shall hear of your approach, If that young Arthur be not gone already, Even at that news he dies; and then the hearts Of all his people shall revolt from him, And kiss the lips of unacq
t you in the field. AENEAS. Health to you, valiant sir, During all question of the gentle truce; But when I meet you arm'd, a
uch a superstition, and Mortimer also; but if I have one quality upon earth it is common-sense, and nothing will persuade me to believe in such a thing. 
uick, Watson, quick, or we are done!" He sprang through a gate into a field, dragging the reluctant Pompey after him. We had hardly got 
ve; a rascal; an eater of broken meats; a base, proud, shallow, beggarly, three-suited, hundred-pound, filthy, worsted-stocking knave; a lil
which is indeed More criminal in thee than it- so thou Shalt feel our justice; in whose easiest passage Look for no less than death. HERMIONE. Sir, spare your threats. The bug which you would fright 
y the forces Of these thy compounds on such creatures as We count not worth the hanging- but none human- To try the vigour of them, and apply Allayments to their act
ything?" "I have found out everything!" "What!" Lestrade stared at him in amazement. "You are joking." "I was never more serious in my life. A shocking cr
y That Cardinal Beaufort is at point of death; For suddenly a grievous sickness took him That makes him gasp, and stare, an
; and truly I think if all our wits were to issue out of one skull, they would fly east, west, north, south, and their cons
d came over him, and he hurried onwards frantically, dropping the precious food in his agitation. When he turned the corner, he came full in sight of the spot where the fi
d cause." "Oh, the cause is excellent!" "Then I am your man." "I was sure that I might rely on you." "But what is it you wish?" "When Mrs. Turner has brought in 
l down to that." He passed his hand over his forehead like a man who is half dazed, and then fell rather than sat down upon a 
d from the top of the coach-house. I walked round it and examined it closely from every point of view, but without noting anything else of interest. "I then lounged do
y good lord, pray, in your good report. PRINCE JOHN. Fare you well, Falstaff. I, in my condition, Shall bett
I have moved nothing." "Something has been taken. There is less dust in this corner of the shelf than elsewhere. It may have bee
f her heart; Here is her oath for love, her honour's pawn. O that our fathers would applaud our loves, To seal our happiness with their consents! O heavenly Julia! ANTONIO. How now! What letter are 
s some features of interest. I had observed some newspaper comment at the time, but I was exceedingly preoccupied by that 
A sword unbated, and, in a pass of practice, Requite him for your father. Laer. I will do't! And for that purpose I'll anoint my sword. I bought an unction of a mountebank
r than some we could name, it's more than I'd expect. I guess you are new to this part, young man?" "Well, what if I am?" McMurdo answered in a su
h thanks; And so shall mine, before you touch the meat. KATHERINA. I thank you, sir. HORTENSIO. Signior Petruchio, fie! you are to blame. Co
r that boot comes back before sundown or I'll see the manager and tell him that I go right straight out of this hotel." "It shall be found, sir--I promise you tha
e that on the day of the murder Adair had discovered that Moran was cheating. Very likely he had spoken to him privately, and had threat
r that the lady was not visibly pining and that she had partaken of an excellent dinner. My visit was specially made 
e them all, Even to roaring. Re-enter ARIEL, loaden with glistering apparel, &c. Come, hang them on this line. [PROSPERO and ARIEL remain, invisible] Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO, all w
t they do wink and yield, as love is blind and enforces. BURGUNDY. They are then excus'd, my lord, when they 
h upon one side and the woods which lie round Charlington Hall upon the other. You could not find a more lonely tract of 
t with her fate. It was a homely little room, with a low ceiling and a gaping fireplace, after the fashion of
t with sullen sorrow And pluck nights from me, but not lend a morrow; Thou can'st help time to furrow me with age, But stop no wrinkle in his pilgrimage; Thy word is c
s your titles witness, Imperious and impatient of your wrongs; And wherein Rome hath done you any scath, Let him make treble satisfaction. FIRST GOTH. Brave slip, sprung from t
r, And move in that obedient orb again Where you did give a fair and natural light, And be no more an exhal'd meteor, A prodigy of fear, and a portent Of broached mischief to the unbor
y, and yet afraid to break in upon the current of his thoughts. We had driven several miles, and were beginning to get to the fringe of the belt of suburban villas, when he shook himself, shrugg
nd the long, low curve of the melancholy moor. I closed the curtain, feeling that my last impression was in keeping with the rest. And yet it was not quite the las
red to do such a thing. I described to him how, when according to his custom he was the first down, he perceived a strange horse wandering over the moor. How he went out to it, and his astonis
of the world, Is all too wanton and too full of gawds To give me audience. If the midnight bell Did with his iron tongue and brazen mouth Sound on into the drowsy race 
om the high-road. A coachman and two maids form the staff of servants. These with their master and mistress were the sole occupants of Lachine, for the 
en the drawing of a breath, and yet I knew that my companion sat open-eyed, within a few feet of me, in the same state of nervous tension in which I was myself. The shutters cut off the lea
at was Charles the Second, whose advent was already foreseen. There can, I think, be no doubt that this battered and shapeless diadem once encircled the brows of the royal S
at you have said in mind, and maybe some day I'll come back to it. I expect you meant kindly by speaking to me like this. Now I'll be getting home." "One word before 
rt I'll knock her back, foot her home again. She hath despis'd me rejoicingly, and I'll be merry in my revenge. Re-enter PISANIO, with the
f; That is, were I under the terms of death, Th' impression of keen whips I'd wear as rubies, And strip myself to death as to a bed That longing have been sick for, e
wn That two such noble peers as ye should jar! Believe me, lords, my tender years can tell Civil dissension is a viperous worm That gnaws the bowels of the comm
ed and appointed well. And so I leave you both- [Aside] like bloody villains. Exeunt YOUNG LUCIUS and attendant DEMETRIUS. What's here? A scroll, and written round about
sy from heaven, And dress'd myself in such humility That I did pluck allegiance from men's hearts, Loud shouts and salutations from their mouths Even in the
nd here for law. DUKE OF VENICE. This letter from Bellario doth commend A young and learned doctor to our court. Where is he? NERISSA. He attendeth here ha
he man is dead that you and Pistol beat amongst you. DOLL. I'll tell you what, you thin man in a censer, I will have you as soundly swing'd for this- you blue-bottle rogue, 
om of it." "I can make little of it," I confessed. "Well, it is quite evident that there are two men--more, perhaps
ld that by one that knows him better than you. ORLEANS. What's he? CONSTABLE. Marry, he told me so him
u, that will not miss you morning nor evening prayer, as any is in Windsor, whoe'er be the other; and she bade me tell your worship that her husband is seldom from home, but she hopes there wi
er the blossom that hangs on the bough. PROSPERO. Why, that's my dainty Ariel! I shall miss thee; But yet thou shalt have freedom. So, so, so. To the King's ship, invisible as thou art; There
or the day. As I left the dining-room I happened to meet Rachel Howells, the maid. I have told you that she had only recently recovered from an illness, and was lo
om the fall. But, by heavens, cunning as he is, the fellow shall be in my power before another day is past!" We stood with bitter hearts on either side of
ed thee always for a towardly prompt spirit, give thee thy due, and one that knows what belongs to reason, and canst us
at they do. Maybe they are wronged and have no other way to help themselves." "Oh, Jack, don't let me hear 
ow thou shalt not. Be thou rul'd by me. Chief master-gunner am I of this town; Something I must do to procure me grace. The Prince's espials have informed me How the English, in the subu
ay with Slender, and with him at Eton Immediately to marry; she hath consented. Now, sir, Her mother, even strong against that match And firm for Doctor Caius, hath appoi
nd with unattainted eye Compare her face with some that I shall show, And I will make thee think thy swan a crow. Rom. When the devout religion of mine eye Maintains such falsehood, then turn tears t
rp with you. BASSIANUS. My lord, what I have done, as best I may, Answer I must, and shall do with my life. Only thus much I give your Grace to know: By all the duties that I ow
er your eyes must with his judgment look. HERMIA. I do entreat your Grace to pardon me. I know not by what power I am made bold, Nor how it may concern my modesty In such a presence here to 
ate of duty and of zeal. KING HENRY. We therefore have great cause of thankfulness, And shall forget the office of our hand Sooner than quittance of desert and merit Accor
are three papers still missing. They are, as I understand, the vital ones." "Yes, that is so." "Do you mean to say that anyone holding these thre
s expect. To-day, for example, its surface was broken by a very unexpected ripple, which has caused ou
 at the words and nestled up against the lady's dress. "When I left her in America," she continued, 
t use them. TIMON. 'Tis, then, because thou dost not keep a dog, Whom I would imitate. Consumption catch thee! APEMANTUS
ven West the slip in the fog, and West started at once to London to head him off from his own rooms, presuming that he knew where the rooms were? The call must have been very pressing
les and towns; That England, being empty of defence, Hath shook and trembled at th' ill neighbourhood. CANTERBURY. She hath been then more fear'd th
 is familiar to me," said he. "The family was at one time among the richest in England, and the estates extended over the borders into Berkshire in the north, and
not find them. LUCIUS. Let proof speak. CLOTEN. His majesty bids you welcome. Make pastime with us a day or two, or longer. If you seek us afterwards in other terms, you shall find us in our salt-
man for an hour is unpleasant. Can you imagine what it means for a sensitive and high-spirited woman to be tied to him for day and night? It is a sacrilege, a crime, a villainy to hol
you have left unexplained. What became of the hound when its master was in London?" "I have given some attention to this mat
 in his hands. It was some minutes before he spoke. "How much do you know?" he asked at last, without raising his head. "I saw you together last night." "Does anyone else besides your fri
ket it. We may come on something later which will bear upon it. What steps do you propose to take now, Lestrade?" "T
not of her eye to look. No face is fair that is not full so black. KING. O paradox! Black is the badge of hell, The hue of dungeons, and the s
. O queen of queens! how far dost thou excel No thought can think nor tongue of mortal tell.' How shall she know my
 he said at last. "Capital!" said Holmes. "Well, then, I should recommend a nice, cheery country walk for both of you. They tell me that the views from Birlstone 
rer than to lie for need; and falsehood Is worse in kings than beggars. My dear lord! Thou art one o' th' false ones. Now I think on thee My hunger's gone; but even before, I
 me that even in that world of fresh air and fair play there may be work for me to do; so now, my good sir, I beg you to sit down and to tell me s
aim that promise at your Grace's hand. GLOUCESTER. And look to have it yielded with all kindness. Come, let us sup betimes, that afterwards We may digest our complots in some form. Exeunt
new that with the mystery all the charm of the case had departed. There still remained an arrest to be effected, but what were these commonplace rogues that he should soil his ha
aid the candle-end upon the table and disappeared from our view into one of the corners. He returned with a large book, one
 or thee more fortunate: I am as able and as fit as thou To serve and to deserve my mistress' grace; And that my sword upon thee shall approve, And plead my
 in this place of the forest, and to couple us. JAQUES. [Aside] I would fain see this meeting. AUDREY. Well, the gods give us joy! TOUCHSTONE. Amen. A man may, if he were of a fearful heart, st
 as thou list. Thy valiantness was mine, thou suck'dst it from me; But owe thy pride thyself. CORIOLANUS. Pray be content. Mother, I am going to the market-place; Chide me no more. I'll mountebank 
nts to the inspector. "It is now necessary that we should try to throw some light upon this third bullet, which has clearly, from the s
ere with us? QUEEN ISABEL. Our gracious brother, I will go with them; Haply a woman's voice may do some good, When articles to
e't your Highness To grace us with your royal company? MACBETH. The table's full. LENNOX. Here is a place reserved, s
ot, your father then in France, And his resemblance, being not like the Duke. Withal I did infer your lineaments, B
beg your precious mistress, Which he counts but a trifle. PAULINA. Sir, my liege, Your eye hath too much youth in't. Not a month Fore your queen died, she was more w
is buckled well? ANTONY. Rarely, rarely! He that unbuckles this, till we do please To daff't for our repose, shall hear a storm. Thou fumblest, Eros
alled at eight, so I was very much astonished at this forgetfulness. I sprang up and rang for the servant. There was no response. I rang again and again, with the same result. Then I came 
t fire, Which many legions of true hearts had warmed, And so the general of hot desire, Was sleeping by a virgin hand disarmed. This brand
s in the Bishopgate jewel case. It's true you set us on the right track; but you'll own now that it was more by good luck than good guidance." "It was a piece of very sim
upon the grassy border while the baronet had run down the path, so that no track but the man's was visible. On seeing him lying still the c
n on the moor. You understand me? I am sure that you are the last man in the world who would wish to be a spoil-sport. I must go out alone." It put me in a most awkward
 who know it better than I do." "Is it hard to know?" "Very hard. You see, for example, this great plain to the north here with the queer hills breaking out of it. Do
. For you, my noble Lord of Lancaster, The honourable father to my foe, Once did I lay an ambush for your life, A trespass
rves the family's meals. Everything is carried to a certain door, which forms the one connection. Governess and children hardly go out at all, except into the garden. Henderson neve
acts. He was indeed the glass Wherein the noble youth did dress themselves. He had no legs that practis'd not his gait; And speaking thick,
that his master had cut his head the night before, and, finally, at the expense of six shillings, made all sure by buying a pair of his cast-off shoes. With these I journe
vent it, resist it, let it not be so, Lest child, child's children, cry against you woe. NORTHUMBERLAN
vity and was moved only to do her will. "Mr. Holmes is an independent investigator," I said. "He is his own master, and would
 had been handling the case I should have been inclined to make that the starting-point of my investigation. However, my friend Dr. Watson knows nothing of this matte
 the bust past the other houses in order to break it in the garden which had a lamp overlooking it. Since Harker's bust was one in three the chances were exactly as
them come down Or void the field; they do offend our sight. If they'll do neither, we will come to them And make them skirr away as swift as s
l be deposed? GARDENER. Depress'd he is already, and depos'd 'Tis doubt he will be. Letters came last night To 
 for from him Dear life redeems you. You perceive she stirs. [HERMIONE comes down from the pedestal] Start not; her actions shall be holy as You hear my sp
tral guard. As the guard was a good two hundred paces away, however, and as the space between was cut up into a la
. "I have had a most singular and unpleasant experience, Mr. Holmes," said he. "Never in my life have I been placed in such a situation. It is most improper--mos
s of laughter as he turned away from the picture. I have not heard him laugh often, and it has always boded ill to somebody. I was up betimes in the morning, but Holmes was 
 you love your gentlewoman entirely. COUNTESS. Faith I do. Her father bequeath'd her to me; and she herself, without other advantage, may lawfully make title to as much love as she finds. 
Why, man, why? FORD. Master Page, as I am a man, there was one convey'd out of my house yesterday in th
 Ay, night by night- in studying good for England! That doit that e'er I wrested from the King, Or any groat I hoarded to my use, Be brou
been pawned at Bovington's, in Westminster Road. The pawner was a large, clean-shaven man of clerical appearance.
cus, so I do affy In thy uprightness and integrity, And so I love and honour thee and thine, Thy nob
 you that keeping for a gentleman of my birth that differs not from the stalling of an ox? His horses are bred better; for, besides
ance that my uncle had been guilty of no exaggeration in what he had said. Without going into details, I may say that it defined the position o
from that of an Esquimau?" "Most certainly." "But how?" "Because that is my special hobby. The differences are obvious. The supra-orbital crest, the facial angle, the maxillary
ring that strange expedition? I felt that I should have no peace until I knew, and yet I shrank from asking her again a
rked that the doctor on entering the room fell into a chair? You had forgotten? Well I can answer for it that it was so. Now, you will remember also that Mrs. Porter, the house
t to thee resort: As on the finger of a throned queen, The basest jewel will be well esteemed: So are those errors that in thee are seen
idst thou disgorge Thy glutton bosom of the royal Richard; And now thou wouldst eat thy dead vomit up
y. O thou whose wounds become hard-favoured Death, Speak to thy father ere thou yield thy breath! Brave Death by speaking,
 win your right! In aid whereof we of the spiritualty Will raise your Highness such a mighty sum As never did the clergy at one time Bring in to any o
cism, and all this came out in a wild whirl of words, while his eyes blazed, and the handcuffs clanked together with the impassioned movemen
ered, and the commanders very poor rogues, upon my reputation and credit, and as I hope to live. FIRST SOLDIER. Shall I set down your answer so? PAROL
ning, his face set, his limbs quivering with eager activity. He was out on the lawn, in through the w
ndow. You beckoned him to come down. He dressed hurriedly and descended to his sitting-room. You entered by the w
NTON. You do amaze her. Hear the truth of it. You would have married her most shamefully, Where there was no proportion held in love. 
n, we are driven back to the theory that it was done by someone from outside. We are still faced with some big difficult
y are not in't; but they themselves are o' th' mind, if it be not too rough for some that know little but bowling, it will please plentifully. SHEPHERD. Away! We'll none on't; here has been too much
 have not wink'd since I saw these sights; the men are not yet cold under water, nor the bear half din'd
smoking a cigar. He never returned. At twelve o'clock Barrymore, finding the hall door still open, became alarmed, and, lighting a lantern, went in search of his m
 upon the ground, shimmering brightly in the wintry sun. Down the centre of Baker Street it had been ploughed in
ey on the inside. Thank you! This is a queer old book I picked up at a stall yesterday--De Jure inter Gentes--published in Latin at Liege in the Lowlands, in 1642. Charles' head 
 upon the stream of passers-by. It was a bleak and boisterous night, and the wind whistled shrilly down the long street. Many people were moving to and fro, mos
fects the teller. ANTONY. When it concerns the fool or coward. On! Things that are past are done with me. 'Tis thus: Who tells me true, though in his tale lie death, I hear him as 
e, as you unwind her love from him, Lest it should ravel and be good to none, You must provide to bottom it on me; Which must be done by praising me as much As you in wor
lient looked down with a rueful face at his own unconventional appearance. "I'm sure it must look very bad
rity, When it is borne in high authority. When vice makes mercy, mercy's so extended That for the fault's love is th' offender friended. Now, sir, what news? PROVOST. I told you: Lord Angelo, be
. May a man do it? Beat. It is a man's office, but not yours. Bene. I do love nothing in the world so well as you. Is not 
ases, and a lucky chance has made it possible for me to bring him out and associate him with this invest
 thee curse this poisonous bunch-back'd toad. HASTINGS. False-boding woman, end thy frantic curse, Lest to thy harm thou move our patience. QUEEN MAR
n her eagerness, her body slightly bent, her head and face protruded, with eager eyes and parted lips, a standing question. "Well?" she cried, "well?" And then, seeing that there were two o
l the fault that was in me; For I should melt at an offender's tears, And lowly words were ransom for their fault. Unless it were a bloody murderer, Or foul felonious thief that fleec'd poor passenge
iquor had brought out all their ferocity. Cormac placed his hands on the stove for an instant--it had been lighted, for the nights were still cold. "That will do," said he, with an
would have followed her exile, or have died to stay behind her. She is at the court, and no less beloved of her uncle than his own daughter; and never two ladies loved as they do. OLIVER. Where wi
, you have the drop on me this time. I seem to have knocked up against something hard. But I came here in answer to a lette
; Yet in this one thing let me blame your Grace, For choosing me when Clarence is in place. CLARENCE. No, Warwick, thou art worthy of the sway, To whom the heav'ns in thy nativity Adjudg'
dence that someone crept up to the garden window and in some manner produced so terrific an effect that he drove those who
stand that the cry of 'Cooee' was a common signal between you and your father? "Witness: It was. "The Coroner: How was it, then, that he utt
foes, that were enough To overcome him. In that beastly fury He has been known to commit outrages And cherish factions. 'Tis inferr'd 
er it with lamentation. DORSET. Comfort, dear mother. God is much displeas'd That you take with unthankfulness his doing. In common worldly 
 life, And set abroad new business for you all? Rome, I have been thy soldier forty years, And led my country's strength successfully, And buried one and twenty valiant
acter, and he soon became quite invaluable in the household. He was a well-grown, handsome man, with a splendid forehead, and though he has been with us for twenty years he canno
house, and she could hear nothing of what passed. Mr. McFarlane had left his hat, and to the best of her belief his stick, in t
"Well, you realize your position, you and your accomplice here. If I were to shout for help as we pass
BOYET. The pommel of Coesar's falchion. DUMAIN. The carv'd-bone face on a flask. BEROWNE. Saint George
earn'd The icy precepts of respect, but followed The sug'red game before thee. But myself, Who had the world as my conf
oduc'd they me To be a public spectacle to all; Here, said they, is the terror of the French, The scarecrow that affrights o
cluster of half-timbered cottages on the northern border of the county of Sussex. For centuries it had remained unchanged; but within the last few years its picturesque appearance and s
Wherein the King stands generally condemn'd. BAGOT. If judgment lie in them, then so do we, Because 
ex. In the first place, no reason could be given why the young man should have fastened the door upon the inside. There was the possibility that the murderer had done this and had a
d when the stripped body had been sucked away into the river." "But I understand that all the other clothes were found in the room. Would the body be dressed in a coat alone?" "No, sir, b
r than the wand'ring moon. TITANIA. Come, my lord; and in our flight, Tell me how it came this night That I sleeping here was found With these mortals on the ground. Exeunt To 
imprinted all over with footmarks. Large, masculine feet they were, with peculiarly long, sharp toes. Holmes hunted about among the grass and leaves like a retriever after 
 reason to believe that he had ceased to be. On the contrary, from his point of view, any sudden chance would be likely to draw attention to himse
 about the streets of Rome! What's this but libelling against the Senate, And blazoning our unjustice every wher
ck not though thou end my life to-day. Exit Enter one in armour HECTOR. Stand, stand, thou Greek; thou art a goodly mark. No? wilt thou not? I like thy arm
of thy love. Jul. By whose direction found'st thou out this place? Rom. By love, that first did prompt me to enquire. H
retch, That hast within thee undivulged crimes Unwhipp'd of justice. Hide thee, thou bloody hand; Thou perjur'd, and thou simular man of virtue That art incestuous. Caitiff, in pieces shake 
xpense and waste of his revenues. I have this present evening from my sister Been well inform'd of them, and with such cautions That, if they come to sojourn at my house, I'll not be there
 could have been better. It is all right." "You have the photograph?" "I know where it is." "And how did you find out?" "She showed me, as I told you she would." "I am still
d love her? and loving woo? and, wooing, she should grant? and will you persever to enjoy her? OLIVER. Neither call the giddiness of it in question, the poverty of her,
hang'd his style? No more but plain and bluntly 'To the King!' Hath he forgot he is his sovereign? Or doth this churlish superscription Pretend some alter
we had just quitted. "Let me see," said Holmes, standing at the corner and glancing along the line, "I should like just to remember the order of the houses here. It is a hobby 
not me play a woman; I have a beard coming. QUINCE. That's all one; you shall play it in a mask, and you may speak as sma
 is no such man; it is impossible. DESDEMONA. If any such there be, heaven pardon him! EMILIA. A halter par
l find that a hint that we were about to telegraph to a young electrician in the Midlands would probably complete the cure. As to you, Mr. Carruthers, I think that you have 
 think that it is very likely that I shall be able to pay you a visit shortly and to throw some light upon your case." Sherlock Holmes preserved his calm professio
I know that it leads infallibly to me. I have been followed from London Bridge Station, and I am sure that they 
fed Of that self-blood that first gave life to you; And from your womb where you imprisoned were He is enfranchised and come to light. Nay, he is your broth
orgive them what they have committed here, And let them be recall'd from their exile: They are reformed, civil, full of good, And fit for great 
extend this friendship; If he will take it, so; if not, adieu; And, for my love, I pray you wrong me not. ANTONIO. Yes, Shylock, I will seal unto this bo
 shame to be thought on. There is no honesty in such dealing; unless a woman should be made an ass and a beast, to bear every knave's wrong. Enter SIR JOHN FALSTAFF, PAGE, and BARDOLP
e, but to me something infinitely worse. He made odious love to me, boasted of his wealth, said that if I married him I would have the finest diamonds
en and white. Green open, white shut. Main stair, first corridor, seventh right, green baize. Godspeed. D. "It is a woman's writing, done with a sharp-pointed pen,
 and I will be with you in time for breakfast, for there is a train which will take me into Waterloo at eight." "But how about our investigation in London?" asked Phelps, ruef
 And I will comment upon that offence, Speak of my lameness, and I straight will halt: Against thy reasons making no defence. Thou canst not (love) disgrace me half so ill, To set a form upo
rilled with horror at his appearance. He was deadly pale and terribly emaciated, with the protruding, brilliant eye
r loan with interest Of ten times double gain of happiness. Go, then, my mother, to thy daughter go; Make bold her bashful years with your experience; Pre
r loan with interest Of ten times double gain of happiness. Go, then, my mother, to thy daughter go; Make bold her bashful years with your experience; Prepare her ears 
y name with slander's tongue be wounded, And princes' courts be fill'd with my reproach. This get I by his death. Ay me, unhappy! To be a queen and crown'd
 think you set nothing by a bloody coxcomb. Here comes Sir Toby halting; you shall hear more; but if he had not been in drink, he would 
turn'd your soldier; No more infected with my country's love Than when I parted hence, but still subsisting Under your great command. You are to know That prosperous
 of us, Mr. Holmes!" "Tut, tut, Mr. Mac!--the first sign of temper I have detected in you. Well, I won't read it verbatim, since you feel so strongly upon the subject. But when I tell you th
figure, and no pace perceived, So your sweet hue, which methinks still doth stand Hath motion, and mine eye may be deceived. For fear of which, hear this thou age unbr
nd cut, and trimm'd, and 'twas Trim sport for them which had the doing of it. LUCIUS. O barbarous beastly villains like thyself! AARON. Indeed, I was their tutor to instruct them. That c
d Mars, now bend, now turn, The office and devotion of their view Upon a tawny front. His captain's heart, Which in the scuffles of great fights hath burst The buckles on his breast, rene
de] No; but he fled forward still, toward your face. FIRST LORD. Stand you? You have land enough of your own; but 
EMPRESS and her two sons, DEMETRIUS and CHIRON; LORDS and others. The EMPEROR brings the arrows in his hand that TITUS shot at him SATURNINUS. Why, lords, wh
 change had come over him. His manner was as of one who has great work to do. His face had set into granit
nds. He was dragged back into the room, and then commenced a terrific conflict. So powerful and so fierce was he, that
inful earth these rebel powers array, Why dost thou pine within and suffer dearth Painting thy outward walls so costly gay? Why so l
word before it was ill sorted. Therefore captains had need look to't. BARDOLPH. Pray thee go down, good ancient. FALSTAFF. Hark thee hither, Mistress Doll. PI
ing] Help me, Lysander, help me; do thy best To pluck this crawling serpent from my breast. Ay me, for pity! What a 
prescience I find my zenith doth depend upon A most auspicious star, whose influence If now I court not, but omit, my fortunes Will ever after
ion. If the art of the detective began and ended in reasoning from an arm-chair, my brother would be the greatest
 How should I be reveng'd? IACHIMO. Should he make me Live like Diana's priest betwixt cold sheets, W
"Technically, no doubt, but practically not. What would it profit a woman, for example, to get him a few months' imprisonment if her own ruin must 
left on the table, and a second sample was loosened and fell in the bedroom. I may add that I walked out to the athletic grounds this
ton, No more a Briton, I have resum'd again The part I came in. Fight I will no more, But yield me to the veriest hind that 
 perdition. POLIXENES. Fairly offer'd. CAMILLO. This shows a sound affection. SHEPHERD. But, my daughter, Say you the like to him? PERDIT
. AJAX. Thou stool for a witch! THERSITES. Ay, do, do; thou sodden-witted lord! Thou hast no more brain than I have in mine elbows; an assinico may tutor thee. Y
seem to know everything, so I expect that you know that I met her when she was a passenger and I was first officer of the Rock of Gibraltar. F
 cannot live without brain-work. What else is there to live for? Stand at the window here. Was ever such a dreary, dismal, unprofitable world? See how the yellow fog swirls down the street and drift
e is no one more easy to trace than a schoolmaster. There are scholastic agencies by which one may identify any man who has been in the profession. A little in
 pitch, that struck me dead? No, neither he, nor his compeers by night Giving him aid, my verse astonished. He nor that affable familia
nd rang the bell. "Ames," he said, when the butler entered, "where is Mr. Cecil Barker now?" "I'll see, sir." He came back 
alarmed the country-side, and finally brought the case within the scope of our observation. "So much for the death of Sir Charles Baskerville. You perceive t
Show me the way of yielding. ENOBARBUS. I'll yet follow The wounded chance of Antony, though my reason Sits in the wind against me. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_11 SCE
y lips; then laid his leg Over my thigh, and sigh'd and kiss'd; and then Cried, "Cursed fate that gave thee 
nd, How they affect the house and claim of York. Say he be taken, rack'd, and tortured; I know no pain they can inflict upon him Will make him say I mov'd him to those arms. Say that he thr
servant to my master Unless I prove false traitor to myself. Yet will I woo for him, but yet so coldly As, heaven it knows, I would no
n scorn to thee sent back- Thy grief their sports, thy resolution mock'd, That woe is me to think upon thy woes, More than remembrance of 
are too wise to woo peaceably. Beat. It appears not in this confession. There's not one wise man among twenty, that wi
er, and with unattainted eye Compare her face with some that I shall show, And I will make thee think thy swan a crow. Rom. When the devout religion of mine eye Maintains such falsehood,
 desire your Grace of pardon; I must away this night toward Padua, And it is meet I presently set forth. DUKE OF VENICE. I am sorry that your leisure serves you not. Ant
 Tender your own good fortune? SEBASTIAN. I remember You did supplant your brother Prospero. ANTONIO
ene. Ho! now you strike like the blind man! 'Twas the boy that stole your meat, and you'll beat the post. Claud. If it will not be, I'll leave you. Exit. Bene. Alas, poor hurt fowl! now will he cre
y match, And on the wager lay two earthly women, And Portia one, there must be something else Pawn'd with the
ok'd up, Her fruit trees all unprun'd, her hedges ruin'd, Her knots disordered, and her wholesome herbs Swarming with caterpillars? GARDENER. Hold thy peace. He that hath suffer'd this
ss Ford, the honest woman, the modest wife, the virtuous creature, that hath the jealous fool to her husband! I suspect without cause, Mistress, do I? MRS. FORD. Heaven be my witnes
bout it. But perhaps you would not mind waiting here for a minute or two, for if we all go in together and she has no word of our coming she may be alarmed. But hush! what is that?" He held up 
nded in. The first ran: Have just heard that Barrymore is at the Hall. Baskerville. The second: Visited 
ould stand that test." "Ah, you rogue!" cried Jones, highly delighted. "You would have made an actor, and a rare one. You had the proper workhouse cough, and those weak leg
her hand for an instant in his own, "and I acted for the best. "Well, gentlemen, the day before these happenings I was over in Tunbridg
ms round him and I implored him by his love for me and by all that he held dear to hold nothing from me, a
isclosed the statuesque face of a handsome and spiritual woman of middle age. In an instant he had passed his arm round the figure and raised her to a sitting position. "Is she gone, Watson? I
en turned to Alice, and before my very face, proposed to her that she should fly with him. "You are of age," he said, "and there is n
 so likes your music, that he desires you, for love's sake, to make no more noise with it. FIRST MUSICIAN. Well, sir, we will not. CLOWN. If you have any music
d art thou chang'd? Pronounce this sentence then: Women may fall when there's no strength in men. Rom. Thou chid'st me oft for loving Rosaline. 
f. Again the ground sloped, and again we came on the tracks. Then we lost them for half a mile, but only to pick them up once more quite close t
 in your life? You're not Bodymaster for life, Jack McGinty, and by God! when next it comes to a vote--" The Councillor sprang a
y charms, by spells, by th' figure, and such daub'ry as this is, beyond our element. We know nothing. Come down
Why dost thou show to the apt thoughts of men The things that are not? O error, soon conceived, Thou neve
company? Edg. The prince of darkness is a gentleman! Modo he's call'd, and Mahu. Glou. Our flesh and blood is grown so vile, my lord, That it doth hate what gets it. Edg. Poor Tom 
 before. The one is filling still, never complete; The other, at high wish. Best state, contentless, Hath a distracted and
upation! Thou shouldst see A workman in't. Enter an armed SOLDIER Good-morrow to thee. Welcome. Thou look'st like him that knows a warlike charge. To busine
 and the beautiful colouring of that exquisite head. And yet as we saw it that autumn morning, it was not its beauty which would be the first thing to impr
quarters been as safely kept As that whereof I had the government, We had not been thus shamefully surpris'd. BASTARD. Mine was secure. REIGNIER. And so was mine, my lord. CHARLES
 of your child. CONSTANCE. Grief fills the room up of my absent child, Lies in his bed, walks up and down with me, Puts on his pretty looks, re
t Of the death-practis'd Duke, For him 'tis well That of thy death and business I can tell. Glou. The King is mad. How stiff is my vile sense, That I stand up, a
t not my faith. PANDULPH. So mak'st thou faith an enemy to faith; And like. a civil war set'st oath to oath. Thy to
e. 11 As fast as thou shalt wane so fast thou grow'st, In one of thine, from that which thou departest, And that fresh blood which
se, even more than I did in the Jefferson Hope Murder. The thing seems to me to be deeper and more inexplicable. How, for example, could you describ
ead, but that methinks already- What was he that did make it? See, my lord, Would you not deem it breath'd, and that those veins Did verily b
t remark that she refers in this note: "'My dearest Uncle: "'I feel that I have brought trouble upon you, and that if I had acted differently this terrible misfortune migh
h'd With that which here his passion doth express? TROILUS. Ay, Greek; and that shall be divulged well In characters as red as Mars his hea
, betake thee tot. Of what nature the wrongs are thou hast done him, I know not; but thy intercepter, full of despite, bloody as the hunter, attends thee at t
les; and thou art as full of envy at his greatness as Cerberus is at Proserpina's beauty-ay, that thou bark's
But wilt thou not speak all thou know'st? PAROLLES. Yes, so please your Majesty. I did go between them, as I said; but more than that, he loved her-for indeed he was mad for her, and talk'd of Satan
hese are what one may call the private guests. Now, what in the world is Mr. James Wilder doing in that den at
a thief, you may suspect him, by virtue of your office, to be no true man; and for such kind of men, the less you meddle or make with them, why, the more your honesty. 2. Watch. If 
; I know you not. LAUNCELOT. Nay, indeed, if you had your eyes, you might fail of the knowing me: it is a wise father that knows his own child. Well, old man, I will tell you news 
eakfast." "Nothing?" "Not a bite. I had no time to think of it." "And how have you succeeded?" "Well." "You have a clue?" "I have them in the holl
hath bow'd you to the grave And beggar'd yours forever? FIRST MURTHERER. We are men, my liege. MACBETH. Ay, in the catalogue ye g
e barons, and twenty reverend bishops, I have perform'd my task, and was espous'd; And humbly now upon my bended knee, In sight of England and her lordly peers, Deliver up my title in
y worked, and to report the idlers. The pay was fair, I had comfortable quarters, and altogether I was content to spend the remainder of my life in indigo-planting. Mr. Abelwhite was a kind man, and 
PA, MAECENAS, ENOBARBUS, MENAS, with other CAPTAINS ANTONY. [To CAESAR] Thus do they, sir: they take the flow o' th' Nile By certain scales i' th' pyramid; t
ke my leave before I have begun, For sorrow ends not when it seemeth done. Commend me to thy brother, Edmund York. Lo, this is all- nay, y
commended him to you by young Osric, who brings back to him, that you attend him in the hall. He sends to know if your
rvant. What's his game in the matter?" "He impressed me as being a perfectly honest man." "So he did me. That's the puz
ly tripping one after another, six PERSONAGES clad in white robes, wearing on their heads garlands of bays, and golden vizards 
 her when the Mutiny broke out, and all hell was loose in the country. "We were shut up in Bhurtee, the re
ible upon the wooden floor of the bedroom. Thrust away behind a curtain in the front room were all the clothes of Mr. Neville St. Clair, with the exceptio
nnot afford to disregard it. We shall see the noble lord to-day and find out if he can tell us anything. Meanwhile I have already set inquiries on foot." "Already?" "Yes, I sent wires from Woking s
e servant. There was no response. I rang again and again, with the same result. Then I came to the conclusion that the bell was out of o
 they have to communicate. Should it prove to be an interesting case, you would, I am sure, wish to follow it from the outset. I thought, at any rate, that I should call you and give y
. Enter a LIEUTENANT, a SHIPMASTER and his MATE, and WALTER WHITMORE, with sailors; SUFFOLK and other GENTLEMEN, as prisoners LIEUT
he stairs Mrs. Douglas had gone back. She did not scream. She made no outcry whatever. Mrs. Allen, the h
as it is, You shall hear more ere morning. PROVOST. Happily You something know; yet I believe there comes No countermand; no such example have we. Besides, upon the very siege of justice, Lord Angelo
he depths and shoals of honour, Found thee a way, out of his wreck, to rise in- A sure and safe one, though thy master miss'd i
ive. Thou dost ride in a foot-cloth, dost thou not? SAY. What of that? CADE. Marry, thou ought'st not to let thy
m. It was from Sherlock Holmes and ran in this way: "Have you a couple of days to spare? Have just been wired for from the west of England in connection with Boscombe Valley tragedy. Shall be gl
arly fell from her hand. Colonel Stark went up to her, whispered something in her ear, and then, pushing her back into the room from whence she
 he, "you have attained your end, and have certainly chosen a particularly delicate moment for your intrusion. I would not brawl in the presence of death, but I can assure you that if I were a younge
 facts. I have had a long talk with Sir Henry this morning, and we have made a plan of campaign founded upon my observations of last night. I
ngs which have happened since I have been on the moor. You understand me? I am sure that you are the last man in the world who would wish to be a spoil-sport. I mu
 the bear loose, are you not? ANNE. Ay, indeed, sir. SLENDER. That's meat and drink to me now. I have seen Sackerson loose twenty times, and have taken him
ncreasing store with loss, and loss with store. When I have seen such interchange of State, Or state it self confounded, to decay, Ruin hath 
rked less than fifteen hours a day, and had more than once, as he assured me, kept to his task for five days at a stretch. 
 observed that Milverton looked at his watch, and once he had risen and sat down again, with a gesture of impatience. The idea, however, that he might have an appointment at so strange 
suggested that he had an appointment with the murderer, which is borne out by the fact that a bottle of rum and two dirty glasses stood upon the table." "Yes," said Holmes; "I think that b
hair. "To the right of the Sierra Blanco--so we shall reach the Rio Grande," said another. "Fear not for water," cried a third. "He who could draw it from the rocks will not no
 his call they entered the room, and the stranger was lifted and carried out. As they raised him, a ring tinkled down and rolled across the floor. Lestrade grabbed it up and star
gson in a very amiable tone. "I am bound to say that everything which you have said agrees very closely with the facts as they ha
e colonel was a cool and desperate man, who was absolutely determined that nothing should stand in the way of his little game, like those out-and-out pirates who will leave no s
 my watch was dark and dirty, with a small, driving rain. It was dreary work standing in the gate-way hour after hour in such weather. I tried agai
IUS. Were you a woman, youth, I should woo hard but be your groom. In honesty I bid for you as I'd buy. ARVIRAGUS. 
profit by your unfair advantage," said Soames. "But why did you change your purpose?" Gilchrist pointed to Bannister. "There is t
 Lestrade, and Co. will pocket all the credit. That comes of being an unofficial personage." "But he begs you to help him." "Yes. He knows that I am his superior, and acknowledges it
 the face, and over it two dark eyes--eyes full of grief and shame and a dreadful questioning--stared back at us. In a minute we had torn off the gag, unswathed the bonds, and Mrs
ach other, and we married a few weeks afterwards. "I am a hop merchant myself, and as I have an income of seven or eight hundred, we found ourselves comf
y letters, and with taunts Did gibe my missive out of audience. ANTONY. Sir, He fell upon me ere admitted. Then Three kings I had newly feasted, and did want 
his chair, but he had disappeared. I looked about in the hope of seeing a note, but there was none. "I suppose that Mr. Sherlock Holmes has gone out," I said to Mrs. Hudson as s
ant point. The presumption is that it was within a few minutes afterwards. The cards still lay upon the table. It was already past their usual hour for bed. Yet they 
un mad. MARIA. Nay, but say true; does it work upon him? SIR TOBY. Like aqua-vita! with a midwife. AIARIA. If you will then see the fruits o
re? TITINIUS. They are, my lord. CASSIUS. Titinius, if thou lovest me, Mount thou my horse and hide thy spurs i
 door, and he with his back turned at that table. When he had written it he said, 'All right, porter, I will take this myself.'" "What did he write it
f his pipe. "This case grows upon me, Watson," said he. "There are decidedly some points of interest in connection with it. In this early stage I wan
se nor tied in formal plat, Proclaimed in her a careless hand of pride; For some, untucked, descended her sheaved hat, Hanging he
n by night and day? If 'a be in debt and theft, and a sergeant in the way, Hath he not reason to turn back an hour in a day? Re-enter LUCIANA with a purse ADRIANA.
e twenty-three that the waste of the day before has been burned or removed. In the three other cases y
ity to revisit Wisteria Lodge. Inspector Baynes, considering that such a visit must have some purpose in view and was likely, therefore, to be repeate
Fare you well, my lord. BRUTUS. Farewell, good Strato. Runs on his sword. Caesar, now be still; I kill'd not thee with half so good a will. Dies. Alarum. Retreat. Enter Octavius, Anto
t speak by the card, or equivocation will undo us. By the Lord, Horatio, this three years I have taken note of it, the age is grown so picked that the toe of the pea
 at night. PRIAM. Farewell. The gods with safety stand about thee! Exeunt severally PRIAM and HECTOR. Alarums TROILUS. They are at it, hark! Proud Diomed, believe, I come to lose my ar
amberlain, Will put thy shirt on warm? Will these moist trees, That have outliv'd the eagle, page thy hee
 the third glass received the bees-wing. That does not appear probable. No, no; I am sure that I am right." "What, then, do you suppose?" "That only two glasses were used, and that the dregs
Within the guilty closure of thy walls RICHARD the Second here was hack'd to death; And for more slander to thy dismal seat, We give to thee our guiltless blood to drink. GREY. Now Margaret's curse 
sight. Who he was or what he wanted is more than I can tell. For my part I walked ten miles, got a train at Tunbridge Wells
es to kill horns; but, if thou marry, Hang me by the neck, if horns that year miscarry. Finely put on! ROSALINE. Well the
too little of that good I saw Is my report to his great worthiness. ROSALINE. Another of these students at that time Was there with him, if 
l and feel that another man is at his ease in a palace with the money that should be mine." Small had dropped his mask of stoic
it down in that chair and tell us very slowly and quietly who you are and what it is that you want. You ment
so fast as that little merchant. He was gaining on the Sikh, and I could see that if he once passed me and got to the open air he
r. Soames, that unless the Indian student recognised the roll as being proofs, the man who tampered with them came upon them accidentally without knowing that they were there." "So it seems to me." H
. At least that was my first impression. At the second glance, however, I perceived that there was a man standing in the Southampton Road, a small bearded man in
Chapel for the purpose of supplying the poor with cast-off clothing. A meeting of the Guild had been held that evening at eight, and Mrs. Barclay had hurr
be kind to thee and make Thy spirits all of comfort! Fare thee well. OCTAVIA. My noble brother! ANTONY. The April's in her eyes. It is love's spr
er. Others were of a date during the reconstruction of the Southern states, and were mostly concerned with politics, for he had evidently taken a strong part in oppo
y arranged what is to occur. There is only one point on which I must insist. You must not interfere, come what may. You understand?" "I am to be neu
ed to dine with Mistress Anne, and I would not break with her for more money than I'll speak of. SHALLOW. We have linger'd about a match between Anne Page
er chafing with her shores, Caesar said to me, "Darest thou, Cassius, now Leap in with me into this angry flood And swim to yonder point?" Upon the word, Accoutred as I was, I plunged
Health, at your bidding, serve your Majesty! KING. Those girls of Italy, take heed of them; They say our French lack language to deny, If they demand; beware of being cap
ng. EMILIA. You have little cause to say so. IAGO. Come on, come on. You are pictures out of doors, Bells 
ANT. Ay, madam, but returns again tonight. LADY MACBETH. Say to the King I would attend his leisure For a few words. SERVANT. Madam, I 
USTICE. Pray thee, peace. Pay her the debt you owe her, and unpay the villainy you have done with her; the one you may do with sterling money, and the other wi
avour, To dance attendance on their lordships' pleasures, And at the door too, like a post with packets. By holy Mary, Butts, there's knavery! Let 'em alone, and draw the curtain
e price, he has no need to practise economy." "And the other points?" "He has been in the habit of lighting his p
u my soldiers, prisoners, patrimony; Dispose of them, of me; the walls are thine. Witness the world that I create thee here My lord and master. Gon. Mean you to
LEONTES. Thou, traitor, hast set on thy wife to this. My child! Away with't. Even thou, that hast A heart so tender o'er it, take it henc
milar fashion, was a tall man in the last stage of emaciation, with several strips of sticking-plaster arranged in a grotesque pattern over his face. He had ceased to moan as we la
k laid down the lamp on the top of a harmonium beside the door. 'I shall not keep you waiting an instant,' said he, an
we are bound to inform the police of the discovery, and to see that this poor fellow's body is looked after." "I could take a note back." "But I need your company and assistance. Wait a 
fate either of Rachel Howells or of Richard Brunton. The county police are at their wits' end, and I have come up to you as a last resource.' "You can imagine, Watson,
ember. Is't not the King? Lear. Ay, every inch a king! When I do stare, see how the subject quakes. I pardon that man's life. What was thy cause? Adultery? Thou shalt not die. Die for
he stood at the top with her superb figure outlined against the lights of the hall, looking back into the street. "Is the poor gentleman much hurt?" she asked. "He is dead," cried se
 wife." "It was not the wife; it was the children," groaned the prisoner. "God help me, I would not have them ashamed of their fathe
ave prevented him from speaking of it, and yet would have affected his thoughts in the direction indicated by his remarks to his fianc
assemble: O 'tis the first, 'tis flattery in my seeing, And my great mind most kingly drinks it up, Mine eye we
looked for; I am your neighbour, and was suitor first. TRANIO. And I am one that love Bianca more Than wo
HRISTOPHER. Sir Walter Herbert, a renowned soldier; SIR Gilbert Talbot, Sir William Stanley, OXFORD, redoubted Pembroke, Sir James Blunt, And Rice ap Thomas, with a valian
 done; Your care is gain of care, by new care won. The cares I give I have, though given away; They tend the crown, yet still with me they stay. BOLINGBROKE. Are 
eath in her face yesterday. She is more like a ghost than a woman. Are you off, then?" "Yes, I am off," said Jefferson Hope, who had risen from his seat. His face might have been
 Good Lord, for alliance! Thus goes every one to the world but I, and I am sunburnt. I may sit in a corner and cry 'Heigh-ho for a husband!' Pedro. Lady Beatrice, I
l thousands for them very easily." "Can you suggest any possible motive for taking the papers to London except to sell them?" "No, I cannot." "Then we must take that as our worki
." "Well, I have no connection with any other people who have been making inquiries," said Holmes carelessl
aight, sir, that I don't like it." He spoke with a sudden passion of earnestness. "Now, listen to me, Barrymore! I have no interest in this matter but that of your master. 
tate to say that within a week of the publication of that letter this country would be involved in a great war." Holmes wrote a 
 gleamed in the darkness. "Phosphorus," I said. "A cunning preparation of it," said Holmes, sniffing at the dead animal. "There is no smell which might have interfered 
better than the eel Because his painted skin contents the eye? O no, good Kate; neither art thou the worse For this poor furniture and mean array. If thou
"So that is the tail end of the telegram which Godfrey Staunton dispatched within a few hours of his disappearance. Ther
ir. Oh, you will see it out, will you? I thought I knew my Watson. This chair I will place opposite yours, so that we may be the same distance f
thing to do with him. Meanwhile, your arrangement was rather upset by the fact that you had yourself fallen in love with the lady. You could no longer bea
AM. Nay, by your leave, hold your hands; though I know his brains are forfeit to the next tile that falls. FIRST SOLDIER. Well, is
Then put up your pipes in your bag, for I'll away. Go, vanish into air, away! Exeunt Musicians. CASSIO. Dost 
? Demetrius, and Egeus, go along; I must employ you in some business Against our nuptial, and confer with you Of something nearly that
cannot weep, yet give some groans, Though not for me, yet for your aching bones. Brethren and sisters of the hold-door trade, Some two m
incess. MAN. You great fellow, Stand close up, or I'll make your head ache. PORTER. You i' th' camlet, get up o' th' ra
is but lost; For Warwick is a subtle orator, And Lewis a prince soon won with moving words. By this account, then, Margaret may win him; For she's a woman to b
 anxiety. "Well, I'm sure you would never guess in a hundred years what we did find. You see that stain on the carpet? Well, a great deal must ha
ith his hand and smiles on me, As who should say 'When I am dead and gone, Remember to avenge me on the French.' Plantagenet, I will
 I paced one corridor and found it six feet shorter than the corresponding one below, it was pretty clear where he was
ture, Refuse me, hate me, torture me to death! Friar. There is some strange misprision in the princes. Bene. Two of them have the very bent of honour; And if their wisdoms be misle
ich bears that office to signify their pleasures. TIMON. I pray let them be admitted. Enter CUPID CUPID. Hail to thee, worthy Timon, and to all That of his bou
s time and our concernings shall importune, How it goes with us, and do look to know What doth befall you here. So, fare you well. To th' hopeful execution do I leave you Of your commission
eft of his own free will. He got down from his window and he went off, either alone or with someone. That is sure." I assented. "Well, now, let us turn to thi
t never fear the net nor lime, The pitfall nor the gin. SON. Why should I, Mother? Poor birds they are not set for. My father is not dead, fo
he acuteness and energy of Mr. Gregson of Scotland Yard. Sherlock Holmes and I read these notices over together at br
ver speculations nor any other questions could ever be of such importance to him as this new and all-absorbing one. The love which had sprung up in his heart was not the sudden, changeable fancy
ll? PROTEUS. That I may compass yours. SILVIA. You have your wish; my will is even this, That presently you hie you home to bed. Thou subtle, perjur'
be deceiv'd, That have no use for trusting. If your master Would have a queen his beggar, you must tell him That majesty
nts who have been with me a number of years and whose absolute reliability is quite above suspicion. Another, Lucy Parr, the second waiting-maid, has only been in my service a few months. S
ut you shall do no harm. QUEEN. [To PISANIO] Hark thee, a word. CORNELIUS. [Aside] I do not like her. She d
 your bounty doth appear, And you in every blessed shape we know. In all external grace you have some part, But you like none, none you for constant heart. 54 O how much more doth beauty be
 you made me drunk, yet I am not altogether an ass. FALSTAFF. What say you, Scarlet and John? BARDOLPH. Why, sir, for my part, I say the gentleman had drunk himself o
like ox-beef hath devour'd many a gentleman of your house. I promise you your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now. I desire you of more acquaintance, good Master Mustardseed. TITANIA. Come,
 do perceive he is not the man that he would gladly make show to the world he is; if I find a hole in his coat I will tell him my mind. [Drum within] Hark you, the King is coming; and I
 did shut up his passage. SECOND WATCHMAN. Ay, wherefore else guard we his royal tent But to defend his person from night-foes? Ente
 in both the scales against either scale, who committed treason enough for God's sake, yet could not equivocate to heaven. O, co
it showed me that I was on the right road. I looked up at the sun. It was low in the heavens, and I calculated that in less than an hour it would 
the right of that We all have strongly sworn to give him aid; And let him never see joy that breaks that oath! YORK. Well, well, I see 
? I imagined that all was for my own sake. But now I see that I was never anything but a tool in his hands. Why should I preserve faith with him who ne
on blood But that of coward hares, hot goats, and venison! Never bestrid a horse, save one that had A rider like myself, who ne'er wore rowel Nor iron on his heel! I a
 grave. Thou that threw'st dust upon his goodly head, When through proud London he came sighing on After th' admired heels of Bolingbroke, Criest now 'O earth, yield us that king 
a product of the middle Victorian epoch in the West End of London. Next door there appeared to be a children's party, for the merry buzz of young voices and the clatter of a piano
ot I! I tell thee what, Corporal Bardolph, I could tear her; I'll be reveng'd of her. PAGE. Pray thee go down. PISTO
ee the mark; this card, inscribed as you see it, was on the table; and beside it lay this rather curious stone
 then was to this kernel, This squash, this gentleman. Mine honest friend, Will you take eggs for money? MAMILLIUS. No, my lord, 
d him seated upon a chest with his head sunk upon his hands, rocking himself to and fro. He is a big, powerful ch
impressed me with fear more than the other. "'What do you want with me?' I asked. "'Only to ask a few questions of a Greek gentleman who is visiting us, and to let us
 too lies in your sinews, or else there be liars. Hector shall have a great catch an he knock out either of your brains: 'a were a
against them, and on the other they had an unlimited number of stanch witnesses upon whom they could call, and a well-fill
me, distance, and proportion; rests me his minim rest, one, two, and the third in your bosom! the very butcher of a sil
h and energy, and was convinced that in a very few years the concern would be as flourishing as ever. For three months after taking over the practice I was kept very closely at work, and saw l
took her hand for an instant in his own, "and I acted for the best. "Well, gentlemen, the day before these happenings I was over in Tunbridge Wells
enjoy by rage and war. These signs forerun the death or fall of kings. Farewell. Our countrymen are gone and fled, As well assur'd Richard their King is dead. Exit SALISBURY. 
go wrong." The man sat huddled up in his chair, with his head sunk upon his breast, like one who is utterly crushed. Holmes stuck his feet up on the corner of the mantelpiece and, leaning back with
es the traces of an unextinguishable horror. Belated wanderers upon the mountains spoke of gangs of armed men, ma
 you. Where's the King? Gent. Contending with the fretful elements; Bids the wind blow the earth into the sea, Or swell the 
RFOLK. What's the cause? CHAMBERLAIN. It seems the marriage with his brother's wife Has crept too near
 hullo, who's the visitor?" The door had opened suddenly, and a young fellow came swaggering in with the air of one who is the master. He was a handsome
, and we left the watercourse behind us. No further help from tracks could be hoped for. At the spot where we s
st rather rouse his suspicions and cause him to fly?" "I think I have known how to frame the letter," said Sherlock Holmes. "In fact, if I am not very m
 have you not Rey. My lord, I have. Pol. God b' wi' ye, fare ye well! Rey. Good my lord! [Going.] Pol. Observe his inclination in yourself. Rey. I sh
e is as brave as a bulldog and as tenacious as a lobster if he gets his claws upon anyone. Here we are, and they are waiting for us." We had reached the same crowded thoroughfare in which we h
ver name her, child, if she be a whore. EVANS. For shame, oman. QUICKLY. YOU do ill to teach the child such words. He teaches him to hick and to hack, which they'll do fast enough of themselve
estion of his death is enrolled in the Capitol, his glory not extenuated, wherein he was worthy, nor his offenses enforced, for which he suffered death. Ent
 brown volume from his shelves. "Eglow, Eglonitz--here we are, Egria. It is in a German-speaking country--in Bohemia, not far from Carlsbad. 'Remarkable as being the scene of the death of Wallens
it to me." "I have heard you say that it is difficult for a man to have any object in daily use without leaving the impress of
some offences in him that thou wouldst discover if thou couldst, let him continue in his courses till thou know'st what they are. ELBOW. Marry, I thank your wor
 my Nell keep lodgers. HOSTESS. No, by my troth, not long; for we cannot lodge and board a dozen or fourteen gentlewomen that live honestly by the prick of 
, and hurried out on to the terrace. He was just in time to see the lights of a small car come to a halt at the gate. A passenger sprang out of it and advanced swiftly towar
nce, provided that my appearance was satisfactory. No one knows how these things are worked. Some people say that the manager 
ntry publican that thought out such a blind as that! The coast seems to be clear, save for that lad in the smithy. Let us slip out and 
 he sends you this good news, That this same very day your enemies, The kindred of the Queen, must die a
ng Barclay. I was a harum-scarum, reckless lad, and he had had an education, and was already marked for the sword-belt. But the girl held true to me, and it
f my kingdom, will Appear there for a man. Speak not against it; I will not stay behind. Enter ANTONY and CANIDIUS ENOBARBUS. Nay, I have done. Here comes the Empe
 And other of your Highness' Privy Council, As more at large your Grace shall understand. CARDINAL. And so, my Lord Protector, by this means Your lady is forthcoming yet at London. This new
d their backs, and in his flight, Stumbling in fear, was took. The sum of all Is that the King hath won, and hath sent out A speedy power to encounter you, my lord, Under the conduct of young 
high as it is, and moves with it own organs. It lives by that which nourisheth it, and the elements once o
p'd like mine, and that thy skill be more To blazon it, then sweeten with thy breath This neighbour air, and let rich music's tongue Unfold the imagin'd happiness that both Receive in eith
turning to me. "'"On the contrary, I think that we have both shown extraordinary patience towards him," I answered. "'"Oh, you do, do you?" he snarls. "Very good, mate. We
Antony. Let me not hinder, Cassius, your desires; I'll leave you. CASSIUS. Brutus, I do observe you now of late; I have not from your ey
the soul to hear a robustious periwig-pated fellow tear a passion to tatters, to very rags, to split the cars of the groundlings, who (for the most part) are capable of nothing but inexplica
rt. Much of what I tell you is no doubt quite irrelevant, but still I feel that it is best that I should let you have 
eit presentment of two brothers. See what a grace was seated on this brow; Hyperion's curls; the front of Jove himself; An ey
dially. "I should never have known you under that moustache, and I dare say you would not be prepared to swear to me. This I presume is your
n To die before you please! Edg. Well pray you, father. Glou. Now, good sir, what are you? Edg. A most poo
arriage 'twixt the Duke of Orleans and Our daughter Mary. I' th' progress of this business, Ere a determinate resolution, he- I mean the Bishop-did require a respite Wherein he might the Kin
ressed against the pane, exactly as I had seen him two nights before. We had arranged no plan of campaign, but the baronet is
 in myself, but the cause that wit is in other men. I do here walk before thee like a sow that hath overwhelm'd all her litter but one. If the Prince put thee into my servi
orthumberland, If thy offences were upon record, Would it not shame thee in so fair a troop To read a lecture of them? If thou wouldst, There shouldst thou find one heinous article, Conta
he lord. Enter TIMON and his train, with ALCIBIADES TIMON. So soon as dinner's done we'll forth again, My Alcibiades
e is mine host de Jarteer? HOST. Here, Master Doctor, in perplexity and doubtful dilemma. CAIUS. I cannot tell vat is dat; but it is tell-a me dat you make grand preparation for a Duke de Jamany.
 have sworn to do it; And with hot irons must I burn them out. ARTHUR. Ah, none but in this iron age would do it! The iron of its
nd?" "The last glass filled would be most likely to contain bees-wing." "Not at all. The bottle was full of it, and it is inconceivable that the first two glasses we
 how plainly I have borne this business. AUFIDIUS. Only their ends You have respected; stopp'd your ears against The general suit of Rome; never admitte
ugh he may not have been certain how the details of his plot were to be arranged. He meant in the end to have the estate, and h
ew. SHYLOCK. I have possess'd your Grace of what I purpose, And by our holy Sabbath have I sworn To ha
" "Oh, then we have three days yet," said Holmes with a yawn. "That is very fortunate, as I have one or two matte
rs- provided I have your commendation for my more free entertainment. POSTHUMUS. I embrace these conditions; let us have articles betwixt us. Only, thus far you 
ing gesture of his hand, he turned from the door, and Ferrier heard his heavy step scrunching along the shingly path. He 
 at the bottom of this was found the dead body of the unfortunate trainer. His head had been shattered by a savage blow from some heavy w
d given. 'It's only Carlo, my mastiff. I call him mine, but really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything with him. We feed him on
us Andronicus, so I do affy In thy uprightness and integrity, And so I love and honour thee and thine, Thy noble brother Titus and his sons, And her to whom my thoughts are humbled all, Gracious 
ound that gave them first has them again. Their pleasures here are past, so is their pain. Exeunt all but IMOGEN IM
rry seasons as thou fleet'st, And do whate'er thou wilt swift-footed Time To the wide world and all her fading sweets: But I forbid thee one most heinous crime, O carve not wi
r crowns, With truth and plainness I do wear mine bare. Enter AENEAS, PARIS, ANTENOR, DEIPHOBUS, and DIOMEDES Fear not my truth: the moral of my wit Is 'plain and true'; 
.] Ham. Why, I will fight with him upon this theme Until my eyelids will no longer wag. Queen. O my son, what th
ear, girl?--on your knees--and then I'll tell you what your punishment may be. You've sowed--and by the Lord, I'll
Simple you say your name is? SIMPLE. Ay, for fault of a better. QUICKLY. And Master Slender's your master
terbury She had all the royal makings of a queen: As holy oil, Edward Confessor's crown, The rod, and bird of peace, and all such emblems Laid 
That did attend themselves, and had the virtue Which their own conscience seal'd them, laying by That nothing-gift of differing multitudes, Could not out-peer
attempt of ease and gain, To wake and wage a danger profitless. DUKE. Nay, in all confidence, he's not f
instances where the reasoner can produce an effect which seems remarkable to his neighbor, because the latter has missed the one 
ated himself in the shelter of a boulder. Before sitting down, he had deposited upon the ground his useless rifle, and also a large bundle tied up 
n't be quite in the sere and yellow. That was the breadth of a puddle on the garden walk which he had evidently walked across. Patent-lea
! This is a man, old, wrinkled, faded, withered, And not a maiden, as thou sayst he is. KATHERINA. Pardon, old father, my mistaking eyes, 
Did you find nothing in the room which could furnish a clue to the murderer?" he asked. "Nothing. Stangerson had Drebber's purse in his pocket, but it seems that this was usua
rs with Suffolk JOHN HUME and JOHN SOUTHWELL, two priests ROGER BOLINGBROKE, a conjurer A SPIRIT raised by him THOMAS HORNER, an armourer PETER, his man CLERK OF CHATHA
rmation to Mrs. Smith, at Smith's Wharf, or at 221b Baker Street, as to the whereabouts of the said Mordecai Smith and the launch Aurora." Th
"She broke away from your influence when she found the man that you are," said Holmes, sternly. "She fled from America to avoid you, and she married an honour
 he. Its master had risen and was staring with flushed cheeks and shining eyes. A few minutes later we had reached the lodge-gates, a maze of fantastic tracery 
ty servants who have been with us for some time. Besides, neither of them could possibly have known that there was anything more valuable than the ordinary departmenta
ir throats that have committed them. Come, let me see what task I have to do. You heavy people, circle me about, That I may turn me to each one of you And swear unto my soul 
my senses would have cool'd To hear a night-shriek, and my fell of hair Would at a dismal treatise rouse and stir As life were in't. I have supp'd full with horrors
rom London when he was young, and he wanted to do the old town a good turn. Then, again, I have heard it is no use your applying if your hair is light red, or d
s bones Call on him for't! But to confound such time That drums him from his sport and speaks as loud As his own state and ours- 'tis to be chid As we rate
th me; Lavinia, kneel; And kneel, sweet boy, the Roman Hector's hope; And swear with me- as, with the woeful fere And father of that chaste dishonoured dame, Lord Junius Brutus sware for Luc
 upon thee in a more fairer sort; So thou the garland wear'st successively. Yet, though thou stand'st more sure than 
us Because some tell me that thou art a king. Blunt. They tell thee true. Doug. The Lord of Stafford dear to-day hath bought Thy likeness; for instead of thee, King Harry, This sword hath ended
mes. "I confess that I share Dr. Mortimer's belief that it will not be long before the missing boot is found." "And, now, gentlemen," said the baron
st deed to slay that babe, And the most merciless that e'er was heard of! RIVERS. Tyrants themselves wept when it was reported. DORSET. No man but prophesied revenge for it. BUCKINGHAM. Nort
 the impression that he shared the popular view upon the matter. On our way back we stayed for lunch at Merripit House, and it was there that Sir Henry ma
 But rather one that smiles and still invites All that pass by. It cannot hold; no reason Can sound his state in safety. Caphis, ho! 
 to kiss, As if they vow'd some league inviolable. Now are they but one lamp, one light, one sun. In this the heaven figures some event. EDWARD. 'Tis w
ay in parts. In this particular corner of the room a large piece had peeled off, leaving a yellow square of coarse plastering. Across this bare space there was scrawled in blood-red lett
girl was placed upon the mule, and old Ferrier upon one of the horses, with his money-bag, while Jefferson Hope led the other al
discharge is at very close range, as it undoubtedly was in this instance. It would not be very loud, and yet in the silence of the night it should ha
ou. YORK. What, will you go unto the Tower, my lord? PRINCE. My Lord Protector needs will have it so. 
hour. Friar. Go with me to the vault. Bal. I dare not, sir. My master knows not but I am gone hence, And fearfully did menace me with death If I 
o shall my name with slander's tongue be wounded, And princes' courts be fill'd with my reproach. This get I by his death. Ay me, unhappy! To b
 once in France, And fashion'd thee that instrument of ill, Who then but English Henry will be lord, And thou be thrust out like a fugitive? Call we to m
 never discover, but I could see as he held it that it was short and written in a scrawling hand. He had suffered for years from an enlarged spleen, but he now became rapidly worse, and tow
however, I found my acquaintance of the morning waiting in the shadow upon the other side. Without a word he grasped my arm and hurried me into a carriage, the door 
IN. To look like her are chimney-sweepers black. LONGAVILLE. And since her time are colliers counted bright. KING. And Ethiopes of their sweet complex
 place again. She is of so free, so kind, so apt, so blessed a disposition, she holds it a vice in her goodness not to do more than she is requested. This broken joint between you and her husba
art with you; She'll be a soldier too, she'll to the wars. Mort. Good father, tell her that she and my aunt Percy Shall follow in your conduct 
is hands deep in his trouser's pockets and his chin upon his breast. "I suppose we ought to call the police in now," said he. "And yet I confess that I'd like t
id courtyard. In the far corner was a smithy, where a grimy lad was at work. On the other side were the stables. Holmes had sat down again after one of these excursions, when he suddenly sprang o
ims to have been the first, but Ames and all of them were on the spot. Do you tell me that in that time the guilty person managed to make footmarks in the corner, o
t of the men whom they followed. A thick mist lay over them, and from the heart of it there came the sudden scream of a steam whistle. It wa
m his writing is one which has been brought to considerable accuracy by experts. In normal cases one can place a man in his true decade 
 true a lover As ever sigh'd upon a midnight pillow. But if thy love were ever like to mine, As sure I think did never man love so, How many actions most ridiculous Hast thou been dra
s there grows In my most ill-composed affection such A stanchless avarice that, were I King, I should cut off the nobles for their lands, Desire his jewels and this other's house, And my more-having 
droom. I may add that I walked out to the athletic grounds this morning, saw that tenacious black clay is used in the jumping-pi
tson won't allow that I know anything of art, but that is mere jealousy, because our views upon the 
Holmes, "I think that what you have been good enough to tell us makes the matter fairly clear, and that I can deduce 
 blunt fellow is this grown to be! He was quick mettle when he went to school. CASSIUS. So is he now in execution Of any bold or noble enterprise, However he puts on this tard
e But nakedness, thou detestable town! Take thou that too, with multiplying bans. Timon will to the woods, wh
uit upon my back will I ravish her; first kill him, and in her eyes. There shall she see my valour, which will then be a torment to her cont
alf and hope all will be well. CLOWN. To do this is within the compass of man's wit, and therefore I will a
immortal passado! the punto reverse! the hay. Ben. The what? Mer. The pox of such antic, lisping, affecting fantasticoes- these new tuners of acce
. A single flash--that is A, surely. Now, then. How many did you make it? Twenty. Do did In. That should mean T. AT--that's intelligible enough. Another
d still he smil'd and talk'd; And as the soldiers bore dead bodies by, He call'd them untaught knaves, unmannerly, To bring a slovenly unhandsome corse Betwixt the wind and his nobil
m rivality, would not let him partake in the glory of the action; and not resting here, accuses him of letters he had formerly wrote to Pompey; upon his own appeal, 
room, but that he had been sitting up in some smoking or billiard room in the farther wing of the house, the windows of which we had not seen. His broad, grizzled head, with i
agnificent. There was not an officer in the fleet to touch him. As to his character, he was reliable on duty, but a wild, desperate fellow off the d
rther, pretty sweeting; Journeys end in lovers meeting, Every wise man's son doth know. AGUECHEEK. Excellent good, i' faith! SIR TOBY. Good, good! CLOWN sings What is love? 'T
Peace to his soul, if God's good pleasure be! Lord Card'nal, if thou think'st on heaven's bliss, Hold up th
red suddenly upon his blind. He was pacing swiftly up and down his room. "I should like to have a peep at 
 particular friend of papa's," she said. "His letters were full of allusions to the major. He and papa were in command of the troops at t
d. Do you smell a fault? Kent. I cannot wish the fault undone, the issue of it being so proper. Glou. But I have, sir, a son
chilles. AJAX. If it be so, yet bragless let it be; Great Hector was as good a man as he. AGAMEMNON. March patiently along. Let one be 
turity Can ransom me into his love again, But to know so must be my benefit; So shall I clothe me in a forced content And shut myself up in some other course To Fortune's alms. DESD
fault, Shall show more goodly and attract more eyes Than that which hath no foil to set it off. I'll so offend to make offence a skill, Redeeming tim
th. The situation must be faced." "You must leave it as it is. I shall drop round early to-morrow morning and chat the matter over. It is possible t
 king! Pale ashes of the house of Lancaster! Thou bloodless remnant of that royal blood! Be it lawful that I invocate thy ghost To hear the lamentations of poor Anne,
ence to the study of those Chaldean roots which are surely to be traced in the Cornish branch of the great Celtic speech." HIS LAST BOW An Epilogue of 
wn little methods of thought, so that I never mixed much with the men of my year. Bar fencing and boxing I had few athletic tastes, and then my line of study was quite distinct from that of the o
intenible sieve I still pour in the waters of my love, And lack not to lose still. Thus, Indian-like, Religious in mine 
e man, A rashness that I ever yet have shunn'd, I gave him gentle looks, thereby to find That which thyself hast now disclos'd to me. And, that thou mayst perceive my fear of this, Know
 address. I think that friend Hopkins will live up to his reputation and that we shall have an interesting morning
, Are now so sure that nothing can dissolve us. Th' offence is holy that she hath committed; And this d
he wound being on the back of his head a fatal objection to this, as he might have turned to avoid the blow. No information could
life. "On May 1st the boy arrived, that being the beginning of the summer term. He was a charming youth, and he soon fell into our w
gly of him, he is the card or calendar of gentry; for you shall find in him the continent of what part a gentleman would see. Ham. Sir, his definemen
heir spheres till they return. What if her eyes were there, they in her head? The brightness of her cheek would shame
undred yards. She was still, however, well in view, and the murky uncertain twilight was setting into a clear starlit night. Our boilers
 The ooze to show what coast thy sluggish crare Might'st easiliest harbour in? Thou blessed thing! Jove knows what 
, been as popular with the ladies of the regiment as her husband was with his brother officers. I may add that she was a woman of great b
e rudeness of the woman. I determined to say nothing about the former to my wife, for she is a nervous, highly strung woman, and I had no wish that she would share the unpleasant impression which 
Pol. Well be with you, gentlemen! Ham. Hark you, Guildenstern- and you too- at each ear a hearer! That great baby you see there is not yet out of his swaddling clouts. Ros. Happ
l, and yet out of your suit. Am not I your Rosalind? ORLANDO. I take some joy to say you are, because I would be talking of her. ROSALIND. Well, in her person, I say I wi
 Upon the pikes o' th' hunters. Then began A stop i' th' chaser, a retire; anon A rout, confusion thick. Forthwith th
 had an education, and was already marked for the sword-belt. But the girl held true to me, and it seemed that I would have had her when the Mutiny broke out, and all
hey are committed; and to conclude, what you lay to their charge. Claud. Rightly reasoned, and in his own division; and by my troth there's one meaning well suited. Pedro. Who h
the act of fornication To lose his head; condemn'd by Angelo. I, in probation of a sisterhood, Was sent to by my brother; one Lucio As then the messeng
 counsels, Be sure you be not loose; for those you make friends And give your hearts to, when they once perceive The least rub in your fortunes, fall away Like water from ye, never found a
treet." "What happened there, madam?" "I tapped at the door as agreed. Lucas opened it. I followed him
" The various bedrooms and sitting-rooms had yielded nothing to a careful search. Apparently the tenant
s, gentle citizens and friends,' quoth I 'This general applause and cheerful shout Argues your wisdoms and your love to Richard.' And even here brake off and came away. GLOUCESTER. What,
the valley. But as the wise general chooses the moment of victory in which to redouble his efforts, so that his foes may have no time to steady themselves after disaster, so Boss McGinty, looking ou
strous watch is at the door. Fal. Out, ye rogue! Play out the play. I have much to say in the behalf of that F
RD. Now, God delay our rebellion! As we are ourselves, what things are we! FIRST LORD. Merely our own trai
[Exit an Officer.] Reg. Our sister's man is certainly miscarried. Edm. Tis to be doubted, madam. Reg. Now, sweet lord, You 
e A banquet. Enter TITUS, MARCUS, LAVINIA, and the boy YOUNG LUCIUS TITUS. So so, now sit; and look you eat no more Than will preserve just so m
from England bring That right in peace which here we urge in war, And then we shall repent each drop of blood That hot rash haste so 
 you began rudely. What are you? What would you? VIOLA. The rudeness that hath appear'd in me have I learn'd from my entertainm
r Your greeting is from him, not from the King. AMBASSADOR. May't please your Majesty to give us leave Freely to rende
 to fear. MARIA. A good lenten answer. I can tell thee where that saying was born, of 'I fear no colours.' CLOWN. Where, good Mistress Mar
s head. "How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible whatever remains, however imp
advantage, I being here took't up. Look, here it is. IAGO. A good wench; give it me. EMILIA. What will you do with't, that you have bee
ll on me today; Be near me, that I may remember you. TREBONIUS. Caesar, I will. [Aside.] And so near will I be That your best friends s
 you we knew where the bona-robas were, and had the best of them all at commandment. Then was Jack Falstaff, now Sir John, boy, 
 to look others in the face." The girl laughed with joy. "Six months!" she cried. "Is it a promise?" "Well, it may be seven or eight. But within a year at the furthe
p the rope, closed the window, and made off the way that he had come. "I don't know that I have anything els
ired, the Countess was accustomed to keep her jewel, was lying empty upon the dressing-table. Ryder instantly gave the alarm, and Horner was ar
. Stand forth, and with bold spirit relate what you, Most like a careful subject, have collected Out of the Duke of Buckingham. KING. Speak freely. SURVEYOR. First, it was usual with him-ever
m. Do you not come your tardy son to chide, That, laps'd in time and passion, lets go by Th' important acting of your dread command? O, say! Ghost. Do not forget. This visi
ks of heaven. Be he the fire, I'll be the yielding water; The rage be his, whilst on the earth I rain My waters-on 
nd army one way over the stage, and TAURUS, the Lieutenant of CAESAR, the other way. After their going in is heard the no
the which myself and them Bend their best studies, heartily request Th' enfranchisement of Arthur, whose restraint Doth move the murmuring l
on. [To MARCIUS] Follow Cominius; we must follow you; Right worthy you priority. COMINIUS. Noble Marcius! FIR
nant. I am sorry For your displeasure, but all will sure be well. The general and his wife are talking of it, And she speaks for you sto
 passion, having my best judgement collied, Assays to lead the way. If I once stir, Or do but lift this arm, the best of you Shall sink in my rebuke. Give me 
NG EDWARD. How many children hast thou, widow, tell me. CLARENCE. [Aside to GLOUCESTER] I think he means to beg a child of her. G
re was a light wind from the north and east the bark began to draw slowly away from us. Our boat lay, rising and falling, upo
ered. "I have never loved, Watson, but if I did and if the woman I loved had met such an end, I might act eve
 upon this sheet of paper, together with a few addresses which you will find of service. The actual official guardian of the papers
G. I'll fee thee to stand up. LAFEU. Then here's a man stands that has brought his pardon. I would you had kneel'd, my lord, to ask me mercy; And that at my bidding you cou
y a wind instrument that I know. But, masters, here's money for you; and the general so likes your music, that he desires you, for love's sake, to make
esex. I may mention that her husband had left her comfortably off, and that she had a capital of about four thousand five hundred pounds, which had been so well invested by him that i
st, then?" "I think that it is fairly obvious. What do you say, Watson?" I shrugged my shoulders. "I must confess that I am out of my depths," said I. 
It has become known that we have never had occasion to unpack the money, and that it is still lying in o
e gloss with lying; the longer kept, the less worth. Off with't while 'tis vendible; answer the time of requ
e thousand. We even traced them as far as Reading, but could get no farther, for they had covered their traces in a way that showed t
fate before it came upon him. Men who die from heart disease, or any sudden natural cause, never by any chance exhibit agitation upon their features. Having sniffed the dead man's li
Draw, archers, draw your arrows to the head! Spur your proud horses hard, and ride in blood; Amaze the welkin with your brok
he. "I observe from your forefinger that you make your own cigarettes. Have no hesitation in lighting one." The man drew out paper an
e is dark, handsome, and dashing, never calls less than once a day, and often twice. He is a Mr. Godfrey Norton, of the Inner Temple. See the advantage
gave my love a ring, and made him swear Never to part with it, and here he stands; I dare be sworn for him he would not leave it Nor pluck it from his finger for 
rid speech; Make mad the guilty and appal the free, Confound the ignorant, and amaze indeed The very faculties of eyes and ears. Y
eyance; in the house you cannot hide him. O, how have you deceiv'd me! Look, here is a basket; if he be of any reasonable stature, he may creep in here; and throw 
trolling majesty. Alack, alack, for woe, That any harm should stain so fair a show! KING RICHARD. [To
ad with him, pledges the breath of him in a divided draught, is the readiest man to kill him. 'T has been proved. If I were a huge man I should fear to drink at meals. Lest t
nted power; Both are alike, and both alike we like. One must prove greatest. While they weigh so even, We hold our town for neither, yet f
you there's rosemary and rue; these keep Seeming and savour all the winter long. Grace and remembrance be to you both! And welcome to our shearing. POLIXENES. Shepherdess
emen," said he, "you have attained your end, and have certainly chosen a particularly delicate moment for your
r. Up to now you may have spoken the truth, but now I know that you have lied." The man's face set in su
hat point?" "In your heart of hearts, do you think that Neville is alive?" Sherlock Holmes seemed to be embarrassed by the question. "Frankly, now!
ide, and I to peruse him by items. PHILARIO. You speak of him when he was less furnish'd than now he is with that which makes him both without and within. FRENCHMAN. I have
brings me twopence a sheet, and I can often do from fifteen to twenty sheets in a day." "You have made your position very clear to me," said Holmes. "This is my friend, Dr. Wats
 for himself than to take the originals, as was actually done?" "It would take considerable technical knowledge to copy the plans in an 
 past. I came to you that morning in order to understand the full enormity of my offence. From the instant that I grasped it my whole mind was turned to the one th
will make him eat it that says I love not you. Beat. Will you not eat your word? Bene. With no sauce that can be devised to it. I protes
 padre here. I found that they had set up house-keeping together at this place on the line that she had to pass for the station. I kept my eye on her after t
ove a good repast to the spectators, the dish pays the shot. GAOLER. A heavy reckoning for you, sir. But the comf
dow which leads into the stable lane. His footmarks had pressed right through the snow, so long had he stood there. She told him of the coronet. His wicked lust for gold kindled a
he buttery, And give them friendly welcome every one; Let them want nothing that my house affords. Exit one with the PLAYERS Sirrah, go you to Bartholomew my pa
ntrate our attention upon Dr. Armstrong, whose name the obliging young lady at the office allowed me to read upon the counterfoil
ng. OLIVER. What mar you then, sir? ORLANDO. Marry, sir, I am helping you to mar that which God made, a poor unworthy brother of yours, with id
promise you, but for your company, I would have been abed an hour ago. Par. These times of woe afford no tune to woo. Madam, good night. Commend me to your daughter. La
m as I trust myself." "At what hour was the office closed on Monday?" "At five." "Did you close it?" "I am always the la
his general, who lov'd him In a most dear particular. He call'd me father; But what o' that? Go, you that banish'd him: A mile before his tent fall down, and knee The way into his me
o his daughter. Frame yourself To orderly soliciting, and be friended With aptness of the season; make denials Increase your services; 
ife have I been placed in such a situation. It is most improper--most outrageous. I must insist upon some explanation." He swelled and puffed in his anger. "Pray sit down,
ncing men to good when they have so often been the agents of evil, and I think that I have fulfilled my promise of giving you something unusual for your note-book. Three-forty is our train, and
t may be I shall raise you by and by On business to my brother Cassius. VARRO. So please you, we will stand and watch your pleasur
ce a love. Repent but you that you shall lose your friend, And he repents not that he pays your debt; 
s eager hand into it, and drew it out with a bitter snarl of anger and disappointment. It was empty.
the morning. It was a beautiful moonlight night, and the lawn in front of the house was silvered over and almost as bright as day. I was standing, rapt in the peaceful beauty of th
lacks but your mother for to say amen. CHIRON. And that would she for twenty thousand more. DEMETRIUS. Come, let us go and pray to all
COMINIUS. Marcius, We have at disadvantage fought, and did Retire to win our purpose. MARCIUS. How lies their battle? Know you on which side They have plac'd thei
down, 'can you let me have £200?' "'No, I cannot!' I answered sharply. 'I have been far too generous with you in money matters.' "'
respects my mistress' love so much. Alas, how love can trifle with itself! Here is her picture; let me see. I think, If I had such a tire, this face of mine Were full as lovely as is
uch muse Such shapes, such gesture, and such sound, expressing, Although they want the use of tongue, a
e my jade, Since from thee going, he went wilful-slow, Towards thee I'll run, and give him leave to go. 52 So am I as the rich whose blessed key, Can bring him to hi
 Cushing. I only kept them here until my friend, Mr. Holmes, should have seen them in your presence." "Why in my pr
rutus loves thee not; thou hast wronged Caius Ligarius. There is but one mind in all these men, and it is bent against Caesar. If thou beest not immortal, look about
orax my mother, Which thou tak'st from me. When thou cam'st first, Thou strok'st me and made much of me, wouldst give me Water with berries in't, and teach me how To name the bigger light, and
ore it open, and then with a bitter curse hurled it into the grate. "I might have known it!" he groaned. "He has escaped!" "Moriarty?" "They have secured the whole gang with the ex
 come forth and fight with me. Proud northern lord, Clifford of Cumberland, WARWICK is hoarse with calling thee to arms. Enter YORK How now, my noble lord! what, all a-foot? YORK. The de
om thousands, did not you chiefly belong to my heart? I have told more of you to myself than you can with modesty speak in your own behalf; and thus far I confirm you. O you gods, thi
metimes. And what did your wife do when she finished speaking to her maid?" "She walked into the breakfast-room." "On your arm?" "No, alone. She was very independent i
, opened another door, and closed it behind us. Putting out my hand I felt several coats hanging from the wall, and I under
so womanly a presence, and so beautiful a face. She was a blonde, golden-haired, blue-eyed, and would, 
in this world is done, and well done. They have perished, and by my hand. There is nothing left for me to hope for, or to desire. "They were rich an
 MAN. I am not Samson, nor Sir Guy, nor Colbrand, To mow 'em down before me; but if I spar'd any That had a head to hit, either young or old, He or
nd a cry of amazement. The blind was down and a strong light was burning in the room. The shadow of a man who was seate
Y. Tell me: wherein have I offended most? Have I affected wealth or honour? Speak. Are my chests fill'd up with extorted gold? Is my apparel sumptuou
 you. ANTONIO. I could not stay behind you: my desire, More sharp than filed steel, did spur me forth; And not all love to see you- though so much As migh
ard case if ever there was one. He said he was a reporter. I believed it for the moment. Wanted to know all he could about the Scowrers and what he called 'the ou
that we go easier upon the small men. On the day that they have all been driven out the power of thi
y, But signs of nobleness, like stars, shall shine On all deservers. From hence to Inverness, And bind us further to you. MACBETH. The rest is la
h had been worn across the fields by the feet of the dead man. The outhouse was the simplest of dwellings, wooden-walled, shingle-roofed, one window beside the d
well," answered the other, making obvious efforts to pull himself together, and licking his dry lips before he spoke. "Who are these gentlemen whom you have brought w
rn her home to her father, who may, haply, be a little angry for my so rough usage; but my mother, having power of his testiness, shall turn all into my
or widow of Eastcheap, and he is arrested at my suit. CHIEF JUSTICE. For what sum? HOSTESS. It is more than for some, my lord; it is for all- all I have. He hath eaten me out of house and home; he
ly saw a man spring up from a chair beside the fire, and heard a sharp cry from within the room. An instant later a white-faced, hard-breathing policeman had open
Duke of Lancaster. You have a son, Aumerle, my noble cousin; Had you first died, and he been thus trod down, He should have found his uncle Gaunt a father To rouse hi
proach and everlasting shame Sits mocking in our plumes. [A short alarum] O mechante fortune! Do not run away. CONSTABLE. Why, an our ranks are broke. DAUPHIN. O perdurable shame! Let's st
mined was their denial that the inspector was staggered, and had almost come to believe that Mrs. St. Clair had been deluded when, with a cry, she sprang at a
rthy Pompey, That what they do delay they not deny. POMPEY. Whiles we are suitors to their throne, decays The thing we sue for. MENECRATES. We, ignorant of ourselves, Beg often 
ose sharp and strident to the ear. Seven white faces, all turned upward to this man who dominated them, were set motionless with utter terror. Then, with a sudden shivering of glass, a bristle o
last There is a change upon you. POMPEY. Well, I know not What counts harsh fortune casts upon my fac
ve which weather-fends your cell; They cannot budge till your release. The King, His brother, and yours, abide all three distracted, And the remainder mourning over them, Brim full of so
y anticipation prevent your discovery, and your secrecy to the King and Queen moult no feather. I have of late- but wherefore I know not- lost all my 
I held Epicurus strong, And his opinion. Now I change my mind, And partly credit things that do presage. Coming from Sardis, on our former ensign Two mighty eagles fell, and there th
ailed to recognise him. His face flushed and darkened. His brows were drawn into two hard black lines, while his eyes shone out from beneath them with a steely glitter. His
had, therefore, examined the ears in the box with the eyes of an expert and had carefully noted their anatomical peculiarities. Imagine my surprise, then, when on looking at Miss Cushi
I leave her in the power of this madman? That was how I killed him. Was I wrong? Well, then, what would either of you gentlemen have done if you had been in my po
est word Be look'd upon and learnt; which once attain'd, Your Highness knows, comes to no further use But to be known and hated. So
 into his confidence in the case, I knew that he was in close touch with every development. Upon the fourth day there appeared a long telegram from Paris wh
n the foul expulsion is Of thy dear husband, than that horrid act Of the divorce he'd make! The heavens hold fir
tle longer if it hadn't come to my knowledge that my secret was coming out. A letter had come into the town that would have set you wise to it al
 one half-raised in her eagerness, her body slightly bent, her head and face protruded, with eager eyes and parted
rt twice forsworn to me love swearing, In act thy bed-vow broke and new faith torn, In vowing new hate after new love bearing: But why of two oaths' breach do I accuse 
rther. When we married, my wife made over all her property to me--rather against my will, for I saw how awkward it would be if my business affairs went wro
 but I believe there is some deep political intrigue going on around me, and that for some reason that passes my understanding my life is
or keeping a watch upon that book. Well, well, it's a very strange business, and I hope that you'll let me know if anything comes of your inq
 lays strong siege unto this wretch's soul, And from his bosom purge this black despair! WARWICK. See
 tearful eyes add water to the sea And give more strength to that which hath too much; Whiles, in his moan, the ship splits on the rock, Which industry and courage might have sav'd? Ah, wh
l bad he treated me. It was him that sacked me without a character on the word of a lying corn-chandler. But I'm glad to hear that the young lord was heard o
uild my seat, And never will I undertake the thing Wherein thy counsel and consent is wanting. Richard, I will create thee Duke of Gloucester; And George, of Clarence; Warwick, as ours
ng your folly! Sir Toby will be sworn that I am no fox; but he will not pass his word for twopence that you are no fool. OLIVIA. How say you to that, Malvolio? MA
 was tall and graceful, with black hair, and clad in some sort of loose white gown. "'Harold,' said she, speaking English with a broken accent. 'I could 
 I now name to you; and with speed so pace To speak of Perdita, now grown in grace Equal with wond'ring. What of her ensues I list not prop
r praise, and then show you the heart of my message. OLIVIA. Come to what is important in't. I forgive you t
ed you to wrong places; your hearts are mighty, your skins are whole, and let burnt sack be the issue. Come, lay their swords to pawn.
ight!" "Good night, sir, and thank you!" John Clayton departed chuckling, and Holmes turned to me with a shrug of his shoulders and a rueful smile. "Sna
N. A pox o' your throat, you bawling, blasphemous, incharitable dog! BOATSWAIN. Work you, then. ANTONIO. Hang, cur; hang, you whoreson, insolent noisemaker; we are less
 murmured Holmes, settling himself down in his armchair and closing his eyes. Our visitor glanced with some apparent surprise at the languid, lounging figure of the man
 motion govern'd by my spirit. And, in some taste, is Lepidus but so: He must be taught, and train'd, and bid go forth; A barren-spirited
arer, or he'll ne'er hit the clout. BOYET. An if my hand be out, then belike your hand is in. COSTARD. Then will she get the upshoot by cleaving the pin. MARIA. Come, come, you talk gr
as no link to colour Peter's hat, And Walter's dagger was not come from sheathing; There were none fine but Adam, Ralph, and G
 had the audacity to revisit Wisteria Lodge. Inspector Baynes, considering that such a visit must have some purpose in
at is done cannot be now amended. Men shall deal unadvisedly sometimes, Which after-hours gives leisure to repent. If I did take the kingdom from your sons, To make amends I'll
l kill thee if thou dost deny Thou'st made me cuckold. IACHIMO. I'll deny nothing. POSTHUMUS. O that I had her here to tear her limb-meal! I will go there and do't, i' th' court, befor
ld there be, I wondered, some radical flaw in my companion's reasoning. Might he be suffering from some huge self-deception? Was it not possible that his nimble and speculative mind had built up this
. Thank you. Now some of that litter from the mantelpiece. Excellent, Watson! There is a sugar-tongs there. Kindly raise that small ivory box with its assistance. Place it here among the pape
down stinking pitch, But that the sea, mounting to th' welkin's cheek, Dashes the fire out. O, I have suffered With those that I sa
 and half-strangling him that we made him realize that his struggles were of no avail; and even then we felt no security until we had pinioned his feet as w
ke this Purse, thou whom the heavens' plagues Have humbled to all strokes. That I am wretched Makes thee the happier. Heavens, deal so still! Let the superfluous and lust-diet
ellish tale But straight they told me they would bind me here Unto the body of a dismal yew, And leave me to this miserable death. And then they call'd 
t a man my father? Hadst thou foxship To banish him that struck more blows for Rome Than thou hast spoken words? SICINIUS. O blessed heavens! VOLUMNIA. 
knave in Christendom. If thou hadst been born blind, thou mightst as well have known all our names as th
w much your chain weighs to the utmost carat, The fineness of the gold, and chargeful fashion, Which doth amount to three odd ducats more Than I stand debted to this gentleman. I pray y
hen I am thence. Would I were dead, if God's good will were so! For what is in this world but grief and woe? O God! methinks it were a happy lif
, what! I shall be lov'd when I am lack'd. Nay, mother, Resume that spirit when you were wont to say, If you had been the wife of Hercules, Six of his labours you'd have do
pe, a pouch of seal-skin with half an ounce of long-cut Cavendish, a silver watch with a gold chain, five sovereigns in gold, an aluminum pencil-case, a few papers, and an ivory-handled knif
 thing. OLIVER. What mar you then, sir? ORLANDO. Marry, sir, I am helping you to mar that which God made, a poor unworthy b
ver said I heark'ned for your death. If it were so, I might have let alone The insulting hand of Douglas over you, Which would have been as speedy in your end A
can be perfectly easy in your mind. We shall certainly find some way out of your difficulties. I will take the black clay with me, also the pencil cuttings
God's creatures and make your wantonness your ignorance. Go to, I'll no more on't! it hath made me mad. I say, we will have no moe marriages. Th
dier; SIR Gilbert Talbot, Sir William Stanley, OXFORD, redoubted Pembroke, Sir James Blunt, And Rice ap 
foreground of our vision. He was leaning far back in the red leather chair, his legs outstretched, a long black cigar projecting at an angle from his mouth. He wore a semi-military smoking j
m him last night. VIRGILIA. Indeed, madam? VALERIA. In earnest, it's true; I heard a senator speak it. Thus it is: the Volsces have an army forth; against whom C
m the King, who all-hailed me 'Thane of Cawdor'; by which title, before, these weird sisters saluted me and referred me to the coming on of time with 'Hail, King that shalt be!' Th
 say That Cassio's not alive. IAGO. My friend is dead, 'tis done at your request; But let her live. OTHELLO. Damn her, lewd minx! O, damn 
termine on some course More than a wild exposture to each chance That starts i' th' way before thee. VIRGILIA. O the gods! COMINIUS. I'll follow thee a month, devise w
with his feet tilted over the side of an arm-chair, and his head upon the ground near the corner of the fender, was lying the unfortunat
them. O, here comes my nurse, Enter Nurse, with cords. And she brings news; and every tongue that speaks But
ull of it; Besides, I met Lord Bigot and Lord Salisbury, With eyes as red as new-enkindled fire, And others more
as ever I heard bullcalf. What a slave art thou to hack thy sword as thou hast done, and then say it was in fight! What trick, wh
 nothing." "Something has been taken. There is less dust in this corner of the shelf than elsewhere. It may have been a book lying on its
that dignity That it went hand in hand even with the vow I made to her in marriage, and to decline Upon a wretch whose natu
ke to theorize before you have all the evidence. It biases the judgment." "You will have your data soon," I remarked
ing against our meanings, have prevented- Because, my lord, I would have had you heard The traitor speak, and timorously confess The manner 
e; And feast the army; we have store to do't, And they have earn'd the waste. Poor Antony! Exeunt ACT_4|SC_2 SCENE II. Alexandria. CLEOPATRA's palace Enter ANTONY,
Beatrice. By this hand, I love thee. Beat. Use it for my love some other way than swearing by it. Bene. Think 
 House of Birlstone. Part of this venerable building dates back to the time of the first crusade, when Hugo de Capus built
 wield the matter; Dearer than eyesight, space, and liberty; Beyond what can be valued, rich or rare; No less than life, with grace, h
 give you my word for it, that from that moment I was not my own master, and it is all like a dim dream when I look back
sits. --I did never think that lady would have loved any man. Leon. No, nor I neither; but most wonderful that she should so dote on Signio
ich had been torn down by the gunpowder, and the grim old colour sergeant of the war was still teaching discipline to the miners
ly routine. Of course, if they had been merely after plunder they would at least have made some attempt to search for it. Besides, I can read in a man's eye when it is 
valour prisoner. If there were no foes, that were enough To overcome him. In that beastly fury He has been known to commit outrages And cherish factions. 'Tis inferr'd to us His days are foul and h
 stronger state, Makes me with thy strength to communicate. If aught possess thee from me, it is dross, Usurping ivy, brier, or idle moss; Who all, for want of pruning, with intrusion In
 what a fool am I to chat with you, When I should bid good-morrow to my bride And seal the title with a lovely kiss! Exeunt PETR
 then speak the truth- Do you not love my sister? Edm. In honour'd love. Reg. But have you never found 
ens kneading up the honey, The poor mechanic porters crowding in Their heavy burdens at his narrow gate, The sad-ey'
we have done our part. Shall the world, then, be overrun by oysters? No, no; horrible! You'll convey all that is in 
structions. I want to find the whereabouts of a steam launch called the Aurora, owner Mordecai Smith
death and of my escape. He had waited, and then, making his way round to the top of the cliff, he had endeavoured to succeed where his com
by him cut off Nearest the merchant's heart. Be merciful. Take thrice thy money; bid me tear the bond. SHYLOCK. When it is paid according to the ten
break in the door, and then they may have fallen out between themselves." "This writing is of extraordinary interest," said Holmes, who had been examining it with intense 
? Is this the face which fac'd so many follies That was at last out-fac'd by Bolingbroke? A brittle glory shineth in thi
d elegies on brambles; all, forsooth, deifying the name of Rosalind. If I could meet that fancy-monger, I would give him some good counsel, for he seems to have the quotidia
surely not quite so bad as that. The cipher message begins with a large 534, does it not? We may take it as a working hypothesis that 534 is the particular page t
-tufted curve, and we left the watercourse behind us. No further help from tracks could be hoped for. At the spot where 
eet so, daughter; but lest you do repent As that the sin hath brought you to this shame, Which sorrow is always toward ours
ICHARD. O Ratcliff, I have dream'd a fearful dream! What think'st thou-will our friends prove all true? RATCLIFF. No doubt, my lord. KING RI
 rare vision. I have had a dream, past the wit of man to say what dream it was. Man is but an ass if he go about to expound this dr
fray'd with a sprite. I'll fetch her. It is the prettiest villain; she fetches her breath as short as a new-ta'en sparrow. Exit TROILUS. E
 that the lamp nearly fell from her hand. Colonel Stark went up to her, whispered something in her ear, and then, pushing her back into the room from whence she had come, he walked towards me again w
en may sleep, and they may have their throats about them at that time; and some say knives have edges. It must be as it may; though patience be a tired mare, yet she will plo
e walked, and when we sank into it it was as if some malignant hand was tugging us down into those obscene depths, so grim and purposeful w
oyed to sit up with her at night. On the third night after Brunton's disappearance, the nurse, findin
, To conjure tears up in a poor maid's eyes With your derision! None of noble sort Would so offend a virgin, and extort A poor soul's patience, all 
I understand, deposes that she went to her room, covered her bride's dress with a long ulster, put on a bonnet, and went out." "Quite so. And she was afterwards seen walking into Hyde Park
elia? Queen. Sweets to the sweet! Farewell. [Scatters flowers.] I hop'd thou shouldst have been my Hamlet's wife; I thought thy bride-bed to have deck'd, sweet ma
dn't say, sir." "I believe that it was undoubtedly so. I rather think, Inspector Martin, that we have now exhausted all that this room can teach u
 "If he were safely out of the country it would relieve the tax-payer of a burden." "But how about the chance of his holding som
pe of finding them." "Have they thought of looking outside the house?" "Yes, they have shown extraordinary energy. The whol
just now when first I read this message. Then I reread it very carefully. It was evidently as I had thought, and some secret meaning must lie buried in this s
e me excuse, good madam; I will obey you in everything hereafter. VOLUMNIA. Let her alone, lady; as she is now, she will but disease our better mirth. VALERIA. In troth, I think
ter a rabble of plebeians, with the AEDILES MENENIUS. On both sides more respect. SICINIUS. Here's he that would take from you all your power. BRUTUS. Seize him, aediles. PLEBEIANS. Down with him!
is free. I pray you, bring your hand to th' buttry-bar and let it drink. AGUECHEEK. Wherefore, sweetheart? What's your metaphor? MA
ut, I beseech you, If't be your pleasure and most wise consent, As partly I find it is, that your fair daughter, At this odd-ev
 SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PR
life of Tybalt. Prince. And for that offence Immediately we do exile him hence. I have an interest in your hate's proceeding, My blood for your rude brawls dot
amberlains Will I with wine and wassail so convince That memory, the warder of the brain, Shall be a fume and the receipt of reason A limbeck only. When i
 Rosalind, sweet my coz, be merry. ROSALIND. Dear Celia, I show more mirth than I am mistress of; and would you yet I were merrier? Unless you could teach me to forget a ban
. GLOUCESTER. If you thrive well, bring them to Baynard's Castle; Where you shall find me well accompanied With reverend fathers and well learned bishops. BUCKINGHAM. I go; and towards three or fou
n my life have I been placed in such a situation. It is most improper--most outrageous. I must insist upon some explanation." He swelled and puffed in his anger. "Pray sit down, Mr. Scott Eccles,
said I. The two Sikhs closed in upon him on each side, and the giant walked behind, while they marched in through the dark gate-way. Never was a man so compassed round with deat
n Of these most strange events. Here's eight that must take hands To join in Hymen's bands, If truth holds true contents. You and you no 
n The leaf to read them. Let us toward the King. Think upon what hath chanced, and at more time, The interim having weigh'd it, let us speak Our free hearts each to other. BANQUO. Very gladly
 sacrificial whisperings in his ear, Make sacred even his stirrup, and through him Drink the free air. PAINTER. Ay, marry, what of these? POET
ous stuff Which weighs upon the heart? DOCTOR. Therein the patient Must minister to himself. MACBETH. Throw physic to the dogs, I'll none of it. Come, put mine armor on; give me my staff. Seyton, se
thy mind. These offices, so oft as thou wilt look, Shall profit thee, and much enrich thy book. 78 So oft have I invoked thee for my muse, And fou
ting him with gray archways and mullioned windows and all the venerable wreckage of a feudal keep. Once or twice we drifted into tal
" continued Stangerson, "at the advice of our fathers to solicit the hand of your daughter for whichever of us may seem good to you and to her. As I hav
"Well, let it rest at that. I'll bear what you have said in mind, and maybe some day I'll come back to it. I expect you meant kindly by speaking
ll the son of England prove a thief and take purses? A question to be ask'd. There is a thing, Harry, which thou hast often heard of, and it is known to many in our land b
ot directly tell, But being both from me both to each friend, I guess one angel in another's hell. Yet this shall I ne'er know but live in doubt, Till my bad ang
elen is on Sunday. But what care I? I care not an she were a blackamoor; 'tis all one to me. TROILUS. Say I she is not fair? PANDARUS. I do no
shine is gone before Thisby comes back and finds her lover? Re-enter THISBY THESEUS. She will find him by starlight. Here she comes; and her passion
ness well acted, which your death Will never let come forth. CLEOPATRA. Where art thou, death? Come hither, come! 
COND OUTLAW. Thou shalt not live to brag what we have offer'd. VALENTINE. I take your offer, and will live wit
oor soul! thou hast need of more rags to lay on thee, rather than have these off. AUTOLYCUS. O sir, the loathsomeness of them offend me more than the stripes I have received, which are mighty o
een before he became master of that ill-omened estate. And now I come rapidly to the conclusion of this sing
 blur our name But with our sword we wip'd away the blot; Therefore, when merchant-like I sell revenge, Broke be my sword, my arms torn and defac'd, And
e. But is it understandable that he should go out of his way to bring with him the most noisy weapon he could select, knowing well that it will fetch every human being in the hou
l you remember to give them that message?" "If you insist upon it." "There is no alternative, I assure you." I saw by the baronet's clouded brow that he was 
erior veins From me receive that natural competency Whereby they live. And though that all at once You, my good 
y with the utmost certainty that something had happened. Do you think that I would respond to such a trifle and yet be ignorant of his death?" "I have 
 the rather, For that I saw the tyrant's power afoot. Now is the time of help; your eye in Scotland Would create soldiers, make our women fight, To doff their dir
lord. CASSIUS. Titinius, if thou lovest me, Mount thou my horse and hide thy spurs in him, Till he have brought thee up to yonder troops And here again, th
 be floated peacefully away upon a soft sea of sound, until I found myself in dream-land, with the sweet face of Mary Morstan looking down upon 
 anxious to revenge himself upon me. We tottered together upon the brink of the fall. I have some knowledge, however, of baritsu, or the Japanese system of wrestling, which has
he was well convinced that, walk where we would, we could not walk ourselves clear of the danger which was dogging our footsteps. Once, I remember, as we passed over the Gemmi, and
at I should do. Your advice will be altogether invaluable to me." "Pray tell us what has happened to you." "I will do so, and I must be quick, for I have promised 
ful examination of the sill with his powerful magnifying lens. "Now we shall go upstairs," said he at last. The banker's dressing-room was a plainly furnished little chamber, with a
that we love we rise betime, And go to't with delight. SOLDIER. A thousand, sir, Early though't be, have on their riveted trim, And at the port expect you. [Shout. Flouris
erty before leaving England, and handed it to my brother Mycroft. Pray give my greetings to Mrs. Watson, and believe me to be, my dear fellow, Very sincerely yours, Sher
 the door for a few minutes, and now I am quite myself again.' "All the time that she was telling me this story she never once looked in my direction, and her voice was qui
y denied him rivality, would not let him partake in the glory of the action; and not resting here, accuses him of letters he had formerly wrote to Pompey; upon his own appeal, seizes him. S
t not beteem the winds of heaven Visit her face too roughly. Heaven and earth! Must I remember? Why, 
e golden service; For though my soul disputes well with my sense That this may be some error, but no madness, Yet doth this 
hly glory; men might say, Till this time pomp was single, but now married To one above itself. Each following day Became the next day's master, till the last Made former wonders its. To-day the Fr
ow to solve. "He walked down the road and went into one or two liquor shops, staying for nearly half-an-hour in the last of them. When he came out he staggered in his walk, and was evidently 
fted off out to sea. I cleaned myself up, got back to land, and joined my ship without a soul having a suspicion of what had passed. That night I
he sooner we get a statement the better." "Every minute she gets stronger," said Holmes, glancing at the governess. "But tell me, Bay
t happy--" "Man, this is getting past a joke!" cried MacDonald, rising angrily from his chair. "Well, well, spend the day as you like," said Holmes, patting him cheerfully upon the shoulder. "Do w
ow, soldier, By sea and land I'll fight. Or I will live, Or bathe my dying honour in the blood Shall make it live again. Woo't thou fight well? ENOBARBUS. I'll st
, hath left the field. Enter MELUN, wounded MELUN. Lead me to the revolts of England here. SALISBURY. When we were happy we had other names. PEMBROKE. It is the Count Melun.
INA. Why, sir, I trust I may have leave to speak; And speak I will. I am no child, no babe. Your betters have endur'd me say my mind, And if you cannot, bes
right side of the pipe. From that I gather that he is a left-handed man. You hold your own pipe to the lamp, and see how naturally you, being right-h
the matter fairly clear, and that I can deduce all that remains. Mr. Rucastle then, I presume, took to this system of imprisonment?" "Yes, sir."
ss Sarah. "I was curious, in the first place, to see how far the family ear had been reproduced in her. Then, of course, she might give
omes none but tradesmen, and they often give us soldiers the lie; but we pay them for it with stamped coin, not stabbing steel; therefore they do
ts On blossoming Caesar; and this pine is bark'd That overtopp'd them all. Betray'd I am. O this false soul of Egypt! 
r I must ne'er love him whom thou dost hate. 90 Then hate me when thou wilt, if ever, now, Now while the world is bent my deeds to cross
o make me swear, and that it was a sign of his passion. Mother was all in his favour from the first and was even fonder of him than I was. Then, when they talked of marrying within the week, I began 
 can bleat about the girl to your heart's content, for that's your own affair, but if you round on your pals to this plain-clothes copper it will be the worst day's work that ever you 
ore came not. ANGELO. Saving your merry humour, here's the note How much your chain weighs to the utmost carat, The fineness of the gold, and chargeful fashion, Which doth amoun
s news, I think, hath turn'd your weapon's edge; 'Tis like, my lord, you will not keep your hour. GLOUCESTER. Ambitious churchman, le
ke my heaven in a lady's lap, And deck my body in gay ornaments, And witch sweet ladies with my words and looks. O miserabl
incely gait? O, be thou Dian, and let her be Kate; And then let Kate be chaste, and Dian sportful! KATHERINA. Where did you study all this goodly speech? PETRUCHIO. It is ex
s head for the salmon's tail; She that could think and ne'er disclose her mind, See suitors following and not look behind; She was a wight, if ever such wig
s: 'We did request it; We are the greater poll, and in true fear They gave us our demands.' Thus we debase The nature of our seats, and make the rabble Call our cares fea
hath gotten London Bridge. The citizens fly and forsake their houses; The rascal people, thirsting after prey, Join with the traitor; and they jointly swear To spoil the city and your royal 
id. There was no eagerness in her voice, however. It had struck her, doubtless, that it might seem ungracious upon her part to be indifferent to a prize which had cost so much to win. "What a pre
to the thunderstone; And when the cross blue lightning seem'd to open The breast of heaven, I did present myself Even in the aim and very flash of it. CASCA. But wherefore did you so much tempt the
hat you have some splashes on the left sleeve and shoulder of your coat. Had you sat in the centre of a hansom you would probabl
he hours be short Till fields and blows and groans applaud our sport! Exeunt. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD
icial theory. I crawled about the lawn with an August sun on my back, but I got up at the end of an hour no wiser than before. "Well, after this fiasco I went 
 night. I will not speak about it just now, but it should make my next report interesting reading. CHAPTER IX Second Report of Dr. Watson THE LIGHT UPON THE MOO
t we went, mother and I, with Mr. Hardy, who used to be our foreman, and it was there I met Mr. Hosmer Angel." "I suppose," said Holmes, "that when Mr. Windibank came back from
rgot, Wherein I thee endow'd. Reg. Good sir, to th' purpose. Tucket within. Lear. Who put my man i' th' stocks? Corn. What trumpet's that? Reg. I know't- my sister's. This approves h
OAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE: England King Richard the Third ACT I. SCENE 1. London. A street Enter RICHARD, DUKE 
ays the other troop? MARCIUS. They are dissolv'd. Hang 'em! They said they were an-hungry; sigh'd forth prover
t first, of course, he denied everything. But when I gave him every particular that had occurred, he tried to bluster and took down a life-preserver from the wall. I knew my man,
g but thou?- The commonwealth hath daily run to wrack, The Dauphin hath prevail'd beyond the seas, And all the pee
se way. FLORIZEL. I think you have As little skill to fear as I have purpose To put you to't. But, come; our dance, I pray. Your hand, my Perdita; so turtles pair 
rb. Now, up to last night, we have had no rain for a week, so that those wheels which left such a deep impression must have been there during 
e riches of content. What! we have many goodly days to see. The liquid drops of tears that you have shed Shall come again, transform'd to orient pearl, Advantaging their loan with i
but I ha' prais'd ye When you have well deserv'd ten times as much As I have said you did. POMPEY. Enjoy thy plainness; It nothing ill becomes thee. Aboard my galley I invite you all
ine frame To pay this debt of love but to a brother, How will she love when the rich golden shaft Hath kill'd the flock of all affections else That live in her; when liver
 quite down! And I, of ladies most deject and wretched, That suck'd the honey of his music vows, Now see that noble and most sovereign 
ained to you that what is out of the common is usually a guide rather than a hindrance. In solving a problem of this sort, the grand thing is to be able to reason backwards. Th
and a biscuit I have no doubt that I should be better. I came personally, Mr. Holmes, in order to ensure that you would return with me. I fe
is tragedy, I am very anxious that I should use the knowledge which I possess in order to ensure that justice be done. Will you associate me in your invest
tion of no less celerity Than that of thought. Suppose that you have seen The well-appointed King at Hampton pier Embark his ro
me? Where had she been during that strange expedition? I felt that I should have no peace until I knew, and yet I shrank from asking her again after once she
 up. Fellow kings, I tell you that that Lord Say hath gelded the commonwealth and made it an eunuch; and more than that, he can sp
o attempt to deny it. Perhaps the fault may be partly mine. I was brought up in the freer, less conventional atmosphere 
and by its light we could see the two doors, the curtain, the lamp, and the suit of Japanese mail as he had described them. On the table lay two glas
been in a dream; Or, when you wak'd, so wak'd as if you slept. SLY. These fifteen years! by my fay, a goodly nap. But did I never speak of all that time? FI
d that too with an If. I knew when seven justices could not take up a quarrel; but when the parties were 
e that ever I lose more blood with love than I will get again with drinking, pick out mine eyes with a ballad-maker's pen and hang me up at the door of a brothel house for the sign of blind Cupid.
y lord. Ham. I would not hear your enemy say so, Nor shall you do my ear that violence To make it truster of your own report Against yourself. I know you are no truant. But w
, on the other SUFFOLK. As by your high imperial Majesty I had in charge at my depart for France, As procurator to your Excellence,
you shall answer: if you make your voyage upon her, and give me directly to understand you have prevail'd, I am no further your enemy- she is not worth our debate; if she re
F GLOUCESTER in a white sheet, and a taper burning in her hand, with SIR JOHN STANLEY, the SHERIFF, and OFFICERS SERVING-MAN. So please your Grace, we
y furiously through the crowd, and waving his hand as if he desired to have the train stopped. It was too late, however, for we were rapidly gathering momentum, and an
ll singer, my lord. Pedro. Ha, no, no, faith! Thou sing'st well enough for a shift. Bene. [aside] An he had been a dog that should have howl'd thus, they wou
 me golden service; For though my soul disputes well with my sense That this may be some error, but no madness, Yet doth this acc
him as the grace fore meat, Their talk at table, and their thanks at end; And you are dark'ned in this action, sir, Even by your own
 How may likeness, made in crimes, Make a practice on the times, To draw with idle spiders' strings Most ponderous and substa
so, Enrich the time to come with smooth-fac'd peace, With smiling plenty, and fair prosperous days! Abate the edge of traitors, gracious Lord, That would reduce these bloody days again An
ut were some child of yours alive that time, You should live twice in it, and in my rhyme. 18 Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Tho
sed and shameless harem.' "'It was not I who killed her father,' he cried. "'But it was you who broke her i
, Directly int'rest; mark what Jacob did: When Laban and himself were compromis'd That all the eanlings which were streak'd and pied Should fall as Jacob's
ack dejected; but we wedged in as well as we could and soon found ourselves in the office." "Your experience has been a
grace As mercy does. If he had been as you, and you as he, You would have slipp'd like him; but he, like you, Would not have been so stern. ANGELO. Pray you
er length. VALENTINE. Why, any cloak will serve the turn, my lord. DUKE. How shall I fashion me to wear a cloak? I pray thee
an ill husband, and am glad To have you therein my companion. WOLSEY. Sir, For holy offices I have a time; 
rt now one of the greatest men in this realm. SILENCE. By'r lady, I think 'a be, but goodman Puff of Barson. PISTOL. Puff! Puff in thy teeth, most recreant coward base! Sir John, I am th
 blood, but a hot temper leaps o'er a cold decree; such a hare is madness the youth, to skip o'er the meshes of good
pened into the criminal. Think of that little affair of the red-headed men. That was grotesque enough in the outset, and yet it ende
ing himself. "I freely confess that I was of the opinion that Stangerson was concerned in the death of Drebber. This fresh development has shown m
Those many had not dar'd to do that evil If the first that did th' edict infringe Had answer'd for his deed. Now 'tis awake, Takes note 
oal is afar. Well, having seen the back of Caulfield Gardens, I visited the front and satisfied myself that the bird was 
ill have come, however, before the story can be safely told. Meanwhile I pass on to the second on my list, which promised also at one time to be of national importance, 
n have no note, unless the sun were post, The Man i' th' Moon's too slow, till newborn chins Be rough and razorable; she that from whom We all were sea-swallow'd, tho
it to a successful conclusion, will in itself justify a man's life on this planet." In vain I begged him to tell me more. "You will hear and see enough 
ment, when up came my landlady with a card which had "Arthur Pinner, Financial Agent," printed upon it. I had never heard the name before and could not imagine what he wanted with me; but, of co
threefold distress'd, Pour all your tears! I am your sorrow's nurse, And I will pamper it with lamentation. DORSET. Comfort, dear mother. God is much displeas'd That you
 what they have committed here, And let them be recall'd from their exile: They are reformed, civil, full of good, And fit for great employment, worthy lord. DUKE. Thou hast preva
e flooring and walls are sound, and that the door, window, and chimney are impassable, then her sister must have been undoubtedly alone when she met her mysterious end." "What becomes, th
flushed into his high forehead, but his conscience held him dumb. "I will help you, but on one condition only. It is that you ring for the footman and let me give such orders as I like." Without a wo
n record where any man succeeded in braving it with impunity, or in which any of its outrages were traced home to the perpetrators. For some years the organisation flourished in spite of the efforts
 that if you go one inch off the straight I'll blow this police whistle from my window and the affair goes out of my hands for ever." The sailor thought for a little. Then he struck his 
hat the fellow was in hiding in the house. When I paced one corridor and found it six feet shorter than the corresp
graces dear, When she did starve the general world beside And prodigally gave them all to you. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Good Lord Boyet, my beauty, though but mean, Needs not the painted flouris
 appertain unto a burial. Leon. What shall become of this? What will this do? Friar. Marry, this well carri
ns and will give you that, Like beasts, which you shun beastly, and may save But to look back in frown. Stand, stand!' These three, 
 out to be of good capacity and breeding; his employment between his lord and my niece confirms no less. Therefore this letter, being so excellently ignorant, will breed
u in your room after the papers came to you?" "Yes; young Daulat Ras, an Indian student who lives on the same stair, came in to as
in, with chairs and stools, and placed under the state. Enter LORD CHANCELLOR, places himself at the upper end of the table on the left band, a seat being left void above him, as for Canter
eak my griefs unspeakable; Yet, that the world may witness that my end Was wrought by nature, not by vile offence, I'l
, Bolingbroke!' Whilst he, from the one side to the other turning, Bareheaded, lower than his proud steed's neck, Bespake them thus, 'I thank you, count
ng away the plaintiffs. By this time our sexton hath reformed Signior Leonato of the matter. And, masters, do not forget to specify, when time and place shall serve, that I am an ass. Ve
e stove rose sharp and strident to the ear. Seven white faces, all turned upward to this man who dominated them, were set motionless with utter terror. Then, wi
 then?" "Well, I found my plans very seriously menaced. It looked as if the pair might take an immediate departure, and so necessitate very prompt and energetic measures on my part. 
is bed, went, at great risk, to your dressing-room, opened your bureau, took out your coronet, broke off by m
ing; come away to bed. Sir, for your hurts, myself will be your surgeon. Lead him off. Exit Montano, attended. Iago, look with care about the town, And silence those whom this vile brawl distra
. You would be, sweet madam, if your miseries were in the same abundance as your good fortunes are; and yet, for aught I see, they are as sick that surfeit with too much as
our advance of a hundred pounds, and here is the letter. Make a note of the address, 126b Corporation Street, and remember that one o'clock to-morrow is your appointment. Good-night; and may you hav
peak! Exit Ghost. Mar. 'Tis gone and will not answer. Ber. How now, Horatio? You tremble and look pale. Is not this somet
nt, for his hand was still raised to it as he entered. From the lower part of the face he appeared to be a man of strong character, with a thick, hanging li
k the papers? That would explain West's conduct. Or could the chief have given West the slip in the fog, and West started at once to London to hea
oner, for there was no one about the house except the man who acted as coachman, and his wife, both of whom were tools o
our priest-like fasts. Therefore I'll watch him Till he be dieted to my request, And then I'll set upon him. BRUTUS. You know the very road into his kindness And cannot
shakes a chain In a most hideous and dreadful manner. You have heard of such a spirit, and well you know The superstitious idle-headed eld Receiv'd, and did deliver to our age, This tale
rture, drew itself shoulder-high and waist-high, until one knee rested upon the edge. In another instant he stood at the side of the hole and w
s very necessary that a criminal expert should be able to distinguish from each other, and cases have more than once within my own exper
ented- Because, my lord, I would have had you heard The traitor speak, and timorously confess The manner and the purpose of his treasons: That you might well have signified the same Unto the c
d reverend looker-on of two fair queens. [To ANNE] Come, madam, you must straight to Westminster, There to be crowned Richard's royal queen. QUEEN ELIZABETH.
Now my theory all along has been that Lady St. Simon was decoyed away by Flora Millar, and that she, with confederates, no doubt, was responsible fo
s of wisdom and fair virtue Than this pure soul shall be. All princely graces That mould up such a mighty piece as this is, With all the
and, quoth the chamberlain'; for thou variest no more from picking of purses than giving direction doth from labouring: thou layest t
 I would you knew. An if my face were but as fair as yours, My favour were as great: be witness this. Nay, I have verses too, I thank Berowne; The
 this hour at most I will advise you where to plant yourselves, Acquaint you with the perfect spy o' the time, The moment on't; fort must be done tonight And something from the
Bear him away. What is thy name, young man? ORLANDO. Orlando, my liege; the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys. FRED
 You do surely bar the door upon your own liberty, if you deny your griefs to your friend. Ham. Sir, I lack a
o the Duke of Buckingham BRANDON, and a SERGEANT-AT-ARMS DOORKEEPER Of the Council chamber PORTER, and his MAN PAGE to Gardiner A CRIER QUEEN KATH
lasting To thee, Posthumus. BELARIUS. He wrings at some distress. GUIDERIUS. Would I could free't! ARVIRAGUS. Or I, whate'er it be, Wha
le." He did not seem offended. On the contrary, he put his fingertips together and leaned his elbows on the arms of hi
than ignorance, Less valiant than the virgin in the night, And skilless as unpractis'd infancy. PANDARUS. Well, I have told you enough of this; for my part, I'll not medd
o you think of my theory?" "It is all surmise." "But at least it covers all the facts. When new facts come to our knowledge whic
oburg Square, near the City. It's not a very large affair, and of late years it has not done more than just give me a living. I used to be ab
ard it yet; Yet heard too much of Phebe's cruelty. ROSALIND. She Phebes me: mark how the tyrant writes. 
ng, brew, bake, scour, dress meat and drink, make the beds, and do all myself- SIMPLE. [Aside to QUICKLY] 'Tis a great charge to come under one b
peculiar tint of chestnut. It has been considered artistic. I could not dream of sacrificing it in this offhand fashion. "'I am afraid that that is quite impossible,' said I. He had been wat
's tunes. Exit SERVANT CLOWN. You have of these pedlars that have more in them than you'd think, sister. PERDITA. Ay, good brother, or go about to think. Enter AUTOLYCUS, Singing Lawn as white as dri
ed liver-colored countenance; but his height, his dress, and his hair were all sufficient to show my client, when we had drawn the body up, t
d it from my father. ANNE. Was he mad, sir? SANDYS. O, very mad, exceeding mad, in love too. But he would bite none; just
 to love, although I knew He were mine enemy? What friend of mine That had to him deriv'd your anger did Continue in my liking? Nay, g
o vouch this is no proof, Without more certain and more overt test Than these thin habits and poor likelihoods Of modern seeming do prefer against him. FIRS
 tyrant has not batter'd at their peace? ROSS. No, they were well at peace when I did leave 'em. MACDUFF. Be not a niggard of your speech. How go
t be? Will not a calf's-skin stop that mouth of thine? LEWIS. Father, to arms! BLANCH. Upon thy wedding-day? Against the blood that thou hast married? Wh
 people. Why should you mind what they call it?" "Tell me, Watson. What do they say of it?" I hesitated but could no
edingly that I cannot help you in this matter, and any continuation of this interview would be a waste of time." The Premier sprang to
 may prevent it. If in thy wisdom thou canst give no help, Do thou but call my resolution wise And with this knife I
r of the patrolman last fall. You will send two good men, they will be taken charge of by Treasurer Higgins
m his shroud., And, in this rage, with some great kinsman's bone As with a club dash out my desp'rate brains? O, look! methi
elf. But what a fool am I to chat with you, When I should bid good-morrow to my bride And seal the title with a lovely kiss! Exeunt PETRUCHIO and PETRU
ld in war; Those will I muster up, and thou, son Clarence, Shalt stir up in Suffolk, Norfolk, and in Kent, The knights and gentlemen to come with thee. Thou, brothe
at Macbeth hath slain. ROSS. Alas, the day! What good could they pretend? MACDUFF. They were suborn'd: Malcolm and Donalbain, the King's two sons, Are st
and twisted it outward as a lever. The hasp sprang open with a loud snap. With trembling fingers I flung back the lid. We both stood gazing in astonishment. The box was
nging anyone else to help you, then you have mistaken your man." "You mean well, Watson," said the sick man with so
passed over the expressive face of the statesman. "Very grave results indeed." "And have they occurred?" "Not yet." "If the treaty had reac
 thy look, I promise thee. Sex. What heard you him say else? 2. Watch. Marry, that he had received a thousand ducats of Don John for accusing the Lady Hero wrongfully. Dog. Flat burglary as eve
s. To-morrow next We will for Ireland; and 'tis time, I trow. And we create, in absence of ourself, Our Uncle York Lord Governor of England; For he is just, and always lov'd us wel
n some of all professions, that go the primrose way to the everlasting bonfire. [Knocking within.] Anon, anon! I pray you, reme
ven and his hair was lighter. "'Are you Mr. Hall Pycroft?' he asked. "'Yes,' said I. "'Oh! I was expecting you, but you are a trifle before your time
. I do believe it. PAULINA. Do not you fear. Upon mine honour, I Will stand betwixt you and danger. Exeunt SCENE III. Sicilia. The palace of LE
 all they can to face me out of my wits. CLOWN. Advise you what. you say: the minister is here. [Speaking as SIR TOPAS] Malvolio, thy wits the heavens restore! Endeavour th
he PAGE as a lady, with ATTENDANTS SLY. I thank thee; thou shalt not lose by it. PAGE. How fares my noble lord? SLY. Marry, I 
ever. Mrs. Allen, the housekeeper, had taken her upstairs and stayed with her in the bedroom. Ames and Mr. Barker had then returned to the study, where they had found everything 
rushed--an injury which might well have been caused by a fall from the train. The body could only have come on the line in that way. 
o more shall trenching war channel her fields, Nor Bruise her flow'rets with the armed hoofs Of hostile paces. Those opposed eyes Which, like the meteors of a troubled heav
ou mad? CLOWN. No, madam, I do but read madness. An your ladyship will have it as it ought to be, you must allow vox. OLIVIA. Prithee read i' t
es. She could tell us something if she would--I am convinced of it. But she was as close as wax. Yes, she had let Mr. McFa
only last night, as you know well, that I swore good faith to our Bodymaster. Would you be asking me to break my oath?" "If that is the view you take
 into violent hysterics, and found that Mycroft had preserved my rooms and my papers exactly as they had always been. So it was, my dear Watson, that at two o'cl
r Baker Street, but Holmes stopped the cab at the corner of Cavendish Square. I observed that as he stepped out he gave a most searching glance to right and left, and at every subsequent street co
 known to him from England What is the issue of the business there. Ham. It will be short; the interim is min
sorry to give you such a two-edged thing, but I can't say what turn things are going to take. Kindly 
heer lassitude from his fingers. I took two steps forward and looked back. It took all my self-control to prevent
x was the same which now lies open upon your table. A key was hung by a silken cord to that carved handle upon the top. We opened it, an
at longer you desire the court, as well For your own quiet as to rectify What is unsettled in the King. CAMPEIUS. His Grace Hath spoken well and justly; therefore, madam, It's fit this royal session 
ive me leave to speak him, And yet with charity. He was a man Of an unbounded stomach, ever ranking Himself with princes; one that, by suggestion, Tied all the kingdom. Simony was fair pla
as least likely to see her husband, had flown to tea as an agitated woman will, and finally, on his coming in to her, had broken into violent recriminations. Therefore something had occurred 
rs ask'st thou? Hell our prison is. But tell me whom thou seek'st. LUCY. But where's the great Alcides of the field, Valiant Lord Talbot, Earl of Shrewsbury, Created for 
ll fetch him presently. Exit. BRUTUS. I know that we shall have him well to friend. CASSIUS. I wish we may, but yet have I a mind That fears him much, and my misgiving still Falls shrewdly
u must admit that I could not leave it where it was. Private detectives are a class with whom I have absolu
art. The man had rooms somewhere in the town. He had been seen talking earnestly to Madame on the promenade by the lake. The
ed infant state, and done a rape Upon the maiden virtue of the crown. Look here upon thy brother Geffrey's face: These eyes,
he while To unstable slightness. Purpose so barr'd, it follows Nothing is done to purpose. Therefore, beseech you- You that will be less fearful than discreet; That
l night for lesser cause, and ne'er been sick. Lady. Ay, you have been a mouse-hunt in your time; But I will watch you from such watching
ible to him. He had not understood, he said, that I was becoming attached to her, but when he saw with his own eyes that it was really so, and that she might b
. "I did not know you quite so well in those days. One has to be discreet when one talks of high matters of state. You are right in thinking that he under the British gov
 cleverly was the Colonel concealed that even when the Moriarty gang was broken up we could not incriminate him. You remember at that date, when I ca
 at the message. Suddenly he turned upon me with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. "I suppose, Watson, we must look upon you as a man of letters," said he. 
sly to the bad. Her story got about, and several of the people here did something to enable her to earn an honest living. Stapleton did for one, and S
 him for this, my love no whit disdaineth, Suns of the world may stain, when heaven's sun staineth. 34 Why didst thou promise such
 thy trumpet in the market-place; Call thither all the officers o' th' town, Where they shall know our min
takes all sorts to make a world, and the Professor hasn't let it take his appetite away." We loitered the morning away in the garden. Stanley Hopkins had gone down to the village to look into some r
d from the house. I hesitated whether to attempt to secure the photograph at once; but the coachman had come in, and as he was watching me narrowly it seemed safer to wait. A little over-
r continued, "that we go easier upon the small men. On the day that they have all been driven out the power of this society will
p no tears, his prayers are in jest; His words come from his mouth, ours from our breast. He prays but faintly and would be denied; We pray with heart and soul, and all beside. His weary join
ce more hear Orsino's embassy. Enter VIOLA VIOLA. The honourable lady of the house, which is she? OLIVIA. Speak to me; I shall 
 traveling companion. It was useless for me to explain to him that his presence was an intrusion, for my 
f Pompey, return it again. You shall have time to wrangle in when you have nothing else to do. ANTONY. Thou art a soldier only. Speak no more. ENOBARBUS. That truth should be silent I had almos
. LAUNCELOT. Do I look like a cudgel or a hovel-post, a staff or a prop? Do you know me, father? GOBBO. Alack the day, I k
is, and there stood whining, looking out on the dark current beyond. "We are out of luck," said Holmes. "They have taken to a boat here
examine him upon that point. Leon. I thank thee for thy care and honest pains. Dog. Your worship speaks like a most thankful and reverent youth, and I praise God for you. Leo
e offended, Watson? You will realize that among your many talents dissimulation finds no place, and that if you had shared my secret you would never have been able to impress Smith with 
y unproportion'd thought his act. Be thou familiar, but by no means vulgar: Those friends thou hast, and their a
 him?" "Apparently," said I as I read the following report: "Great excitement was caused in Esher and the neighbouring district when it was learned late last night that a
h, Of being taken by the insolent foe And sold to slavery, of my redemption thence And portance in my travels' history; Wherein of antres vast and deserts idle, Rough quarries, rocks, 
 bring him to his sweet up-locked treasure, The which he will not every hour survey, For blunting the fine point of seldom pleasure. Therefo
 by the table, with his hands deep in his trouser's pockets and his chin upon his breast. "I suppose we ought to call the police in now," said he. "And yet I confes
 chin sunk upon his breast, buried in the deepest thought. Suddenly, however, he started, tapped me on the shoulder, and pointed over the meadows. "Look t
Where think'st thou he is now? Stands he or sits he? Or does he walk? or is he on his horse? O happy hors
l in all his study; List his discourse of war, and you shall hear A fearful battle rend'red you in music. Turn him to any cause of policy, The Gordian 
r of ribbed tennis shoes which are at the present moment upon your feet. At the vicarage you passed through the orchard and the side hedge, coming out under t
d folly guides. Who comes here? Enter CORIN CORIN. Mistress and master, you have oft enquired After the shepherd that complain'd
est friend Prejudicates the business, and would seem To have us make denial. FIRST LORD. His love and wisdom, Approv'd so to your Majesty, may plead For amplest credence. KING. He hath arm'd our an
ry! FIRST BEADLE. If it do, you shall have a dozen of cushions again; you have but eleven now. Come, I charge you both g
to discuss what you have told me. You must get home instantly and act." "What shall I do?" "There is but one thing to do. It must be done at
 hangs upon the cheek of night Like a rich jewel in an Ethiop's ear- Beauty too rich for use, for earth too dear! So shows a snowy dove trooping wit
ave me even now? I was a fine fool to take it. I must take out the work? A likely piece of work that you should find it in you
r any of the answers which I gave him that night. Holmes declares that he overheard me caution him against the great danger 
e, a few cottages, and an inn. Beyond that the hills become precipitous. Surely it is here to the north that our quest must lie." "But the bicycle?" I persisted. "Well, well!
e better To fall before the lion than the wolf! [Clock strikes] The clock upbraids me with the waste of time. Be not afraid, good youth;
n a pale clear-shining sky. See, see! they join, embrace, and seem to kiss, As if they vow'd some league inviolable. Now are they but one lamp, one light, one sun. In this the heaven
. Now he sat for some time in thought with his face sunk in his hands. Then with a sudden impulsive gestu
. Thanks, good Egeus; what's the news with thee? EGEUS. Full of vexation come I, with complaint Against my child, my daughter Hermia. Stand forth, Demetrius. My noble lord, Thi
sted with Queen Margaret? Remember it, and let it make thee crestfall'n, Ay, and allay thus thy abortive pride, How in our voiding-lobby hast thou stood An
nto your flesh. I gave my love a ring, and made him swear Never to part with it, and here he stands; I dare be swor
say, O Caesar, Antony is dead. CAESAR. The breaking of so great a thing should make A greater crack. The round 
o; wherein Lord Talbot was o'erthrown. The circumstance I'll tell you more at large. The tenth of August last this dreadful lord, Retiring from the siege of Orleans, Having full sca
nd lean with thy extortions. SOMERSET. Thy sumptuous buildings and thy wife's attire Have cost a mass of public treasury. BUCKINGHAM. Thy cruelty in execut
ve silenced Lady Brackenstall as well." "They may not have realized," I suggested, "that she had recovered from her faint." "That is likely enough. If she seemed
Exit BOLINGBROKE. Lords, you that here are under our arrest, Procure your sureties for your days of answer. Little are we beholding to your love, And little loo
wrers," said he, "are the Eminent Order of Freemen!" The young man stared. "Why, I am a member of that order myself." "You! I vould never have had you in my house
 I would speak to you," said the leader of the Mormons. "She has grown to be the flower of Utah, and has found favour in the eyes of many who are 
 A man appears from behind the curtain. He is armed with this gun. He demands the wedding ring--Heaven only kn
ly house, twenty miles from here, over the range yonder. I was told off for the door, same as you were last night. They could n
d, lozel, thou art worthy to be hang'd That wilt not stay her tongue. ANTIGONUS. Hang all the husbands That cann
. How now, Master Parson! Good morrow, good Sir Hugh. Keep a gamester from the dice, and a good student fr
as there were two of us he put us both into it and stepped himself into a four-wheeler, which happened to be the only other cab in the street. We got to the churc
y! Peace in this prison! SIR TOBY. The knave counterfeits well; a good knave. MALVOLIO. [Within] Who calls there? CLOWN. Sir Top
Edgar- Enter Edgar. and pat! he comes, like the catastrophe of the old comedy. My cue is villainous melancholy, with a sigh like Tom o' Bedlam. O, these eclipses do portend th
 It is so indeed. He is no less than a stuff'd man; but for the stuffing--well, we are all mortal. Leon. You must not, sir, mistake my n
u have just come at the right time. Is that your hat, Mr. Baker?" "Yes, sir, that is undoubtedly my ha
gners had invented that for themselves they could not make the boat. Of course they might soon get over the difficulty." "But the three missing drawings are the most impo
like an engine Not portable, lie under this report: Bring action hither; this cannot go to war. A stirring dwarf we do
ate. O, if it prove, Tempests are kind, and salt waves fresh in love! Exit SIR TOBY. A very dishonest paltry boy, and more a coward than a hare. His disho
ide. It may, of course, be coincidence, but it is interesting. Amateur sport is free from betting, but a good dea
od workman, one of the best." "What did he get?" "The man lived and he got off with a year. I have no doubt he is out now; but he has not dared to show his nose here. We ha
t word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres, Thy knotted
pened the morning paper and was immersed in a sensational crime which had occurred in London the night before, when my friend gave an exclamat
 of us is ten groats too dear. What art thou? and how comest thou hither, Where no man never comes but that sad dog That brings me food to make misfortune live? GROOM. I
n the tin is no doubt the luminous mixture with which the creature was daubed. It was suggested, of course, by the story of t
 W'have frighted with our trumpets; so, 'tis clear, They'll say 'tis nought; others to hear the city Abus'd extremely, and to cry 'That's witty!' Which we
arly as large as a dessert-spoon. "It's a dog," said I. "Did you ever hear of a dog running up a curtain? I found distinct traces
egotten of a shepherd swain, But issued from the progeny of kings; Virtuous and holy, chosen from above By inspiration of celestial grace, To work exceeding mira
She is even more affected than I." "You have neither of you any doubt as to your son's guilt?" "How can we have when I saw him with my own eyes wit
 her pride, The argument all bare is of more worth Than when it hath my added praise beside. O blame me not if I no more can write! Look in your glass and there appears a 
ime. LYSANDER. Proceed, Moon. MOON. All that I have to say is to tell you that the lanthorn is the moon; I, the Man i' th' Moon; this thorn-bush, 
e with the medical evidence. It is well that this is so, for it is obviously of the utmost importance that Sir Charles's hei
tied down upon the bed. He had unlocked the door that led to the deck, and we were through it in a rush. The two sentries were shot down, and so was a corporal who came running to see 
u get from the warning received through the man Porlock. Can we for our present practical needs get any further than that?" "We may form some conception as to the motives of the crime
immediately after the affair." He threw the paper across to me and I glanced at the place indicated. It was the
matter until he heard in the evening of the tragedy that had occurred. "The two McCarthys were seen after the time when William Crowder, the game-keeper,
Denmark being one o' th' worst. Ros. We think not so, my lord. Ham. Why, then 'tis none to you; for there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes
nprofited return. VIOLA. Say I do speak with her, my lord, what then? DUKE. O, then unfold the passion of my love, Surprise her with discourse o
lf did swallow up his life. Ah, kill me with thy weapon, not with words! My breast can better brook thy dagger's point Than 
ous foul linen. SHALLOW. Well conceited, Davy- about thy business, Davy. DAVY. I beseech you, sir, to countenance William Visor of Woncot against Clement Perkes o' th' hil
angle we again looked up at the windows. The Indian still paced his room. The others were invisible. "Well, Watson, what do you think of it?" Holmes asked, as we came out into the main stre
Athenian bay Put forth toward Phrygia; and their vow is made To ransack Troy, within whose strong immures The ravish'd Helen, Menelaus' queen, With wanton Paris sleeps-and that's the qua
come to thee. Lo, by thy side where Rape and Murder stands; Now give some surance that thou art Revenge- Stab them, or tear them on thy chariot wheels; And then I'll come and be
all these people have a mighty fine home and nothing to do." "That is true." "Did Barrymore profit at all by Sir Charles's will?" asked Holmes. "He and his wife had five
n was this, boy? CLOWN. Now, now; I have not wink'd since I saw these sights; the men are not yet cold under water, nor the bear half din'd on
equest. The Queen Of audience nor desire shall fail, so she From Egypt drive her all-disgraced friend, Or take his life there. This if she perform, She shal
n, with instructions that they say nothing thereof to their sister Elizabeth.]" When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this
at a great feast of languages and stol'n the scraps. COSTARD. O, they have liv'd long on the alms-basket of words. I marvel thy master hath not eaten thee for a word, for thou are not so long
rmingly. May I be bold To think these spirits? PROSPERO. Spirits, which by mine art I have from their confines call'd to enact My present fancies. FERDINAND. Let me live here ever; So ra
hen. If your worship will take order for the drabs and the knaves, you need not to fear the bawds. ESCALU
ade no motion to give it up. "What about the dough?" he asked. "The what?" "The boodle. The reward. The £500. The gunner turned damned nasty at the l
 "Naturally, I made some inquiries about the man. I found that he had been in command of a whaler which was due to return from the Arctic seas at the very time w
hakes off; And so should you. ENOBARBUS. Your ships are not well mann'd; Your mariners are muleteers, reapers, people Ingross'd by swift impress. In Caesar's f
 we get these mines working all right. I have no fear on that head." "Oh, well; of course, if you and father have arranged it all, there's no more to be said," 
r in mind, Sir Henry, one of the phrases in that queer old legend which Dr. Mortimer has read to us, and avoid the moor in those hours of da
h was committed by a flying creature. As long as the criminal remains upon two legs so long must there be some 
st mine eyes And wrangle with my reason, that persuades me To any other trust but that I am mad, Or e
t I trouble you for a match?" He drew in the smoke of his cigarette as if the soothing influence was grat
ther revolution be the same. O sure I am the wits of former days, To subjects worse have given admiring praise. 60 Like as the waves make towards the pebbled sh
s PROTEUS. Sebastian is thy name? I like thee well, And will employ thee in some service presently. JULIA. In
lt find That I'll resume the shape which thou dost think I have cast off for ever; thou shalt, I warrant thee. Exe
 took no heed of any of us, but his eyes were fixed upon Holmes's face with an expression in which hatred and amazement were equally bl
u shalt not pass from hence. SPIRIT. Ask what thou wilt; that I had said and done. BOLINGBROKE. [Reads] 'First of the king: what sha
laughing in a corner, a scissors-grinder with his wheel, two guardsmen who were flirting with a nurse-gi
se and walk'd about, Musing and sighing, with your arms across; And when I ask'd you what the matter was, You stared upon me with ungentle looks. I urged you further; then you scratch'd 
the length of Prester John's foot; fetch you a hair off the great Cham's beard; do you any embassage to the Pygmies--rather than hold three words' conference with this harpy. You have no emplo
 myself,--born near Pershore. I dare say you would find a heap of Smalls living there now if you were to look. I have often thought of taking a look round there, but the truth is t
hat desperate struggle. But then, again, your face grew sadder, you shook your head. You were dwelling upon the sadness and horror and useless waste of lif
repare yourself to death. Do not satisfy your resolution with hopes that are fallible; to-morrow you must die; go to your knees and make ready. CLAUDIO. Let me ask my sis
fool had borne My head as I do his. BELARIUS. What hast thou done? GUIDERIUS. I am perfect what: cut off one Cloten's head, Son to the Queen, after his own report; Who call'd me tra
ne eyes. Fain would I woo her, yet I dare not speak. I'll call for pen and ink, and write my mind. Fie, de la Pole! disable not thyself; H
ow you him that made the will. Shall I descend? And will you give me leave? ALL. Come down. SECOND CITIZEN. Descend. He comes d
stard; Cries cuckold to my father; brands the harlot Even here between the chaste unsmirched brows Of my true mother. King. What is the cause, Laertes, 
m within. Meanwhile it had struck me that it would be wise to secure our retreat through the outer door, so I examined it. To my amazement it was neither locked nor bolted! I touched Holmes on the ar
blessed and attractive eyes. How came her eyes so bright? Not with salt tears; If so, my eyes are oft'ner wash'd than hers. No, no, I am as ugly as
e horribly in love with her. I may chance have some odd quirks and remnants of wit broken on me because I have railed so long against marriage. But
ooted in the kingdom? Reg. To whose hands have you sent the lunatic King? Speak. Glou. I have a letter guessingly set down, Which came from one that
 others, with torches PARIS. See, ho! Who is that there? DEIPHOBUS. It is the Lord Aeneas. AENEAS. Is the Prince there in person? Had I so good occasion to
ppiness! If ever he have wife, let her be made More miserable by the death of him Than I am made by my young lord and thee! Come, now towards Chertsey with your holy load, Taken f
t to one thing, but if you shift your own point of view a little, you may find it pointing in an equally uncompromising manner to something entirely different. I
wered, seating himself. "I freely confess that I was of the opinion that Stangerson was concerned in the death of Drebber. This fresh de
to Alencon and an enemy to our person; if thou encounter any such, apprehend him, an thou dost me love. FLUELLEN. Your Grace does me as great honours a
ght to my chamber, ho! Afore me, It is so very very late That we may call it early by-and-by. Good nigh
 less than six feet six inches in height, with the chest and limbs of a Hercules. His dress was rich with a richness which would, in England, be looked upon as akin to
best lies; otherwise a seducer flourishes, and a poor maid is undone. DIANA CAPILET.' LAFEU. I will buy me a son-in-law in a fair, and to
 make a cross-country journey to Newhaven, and so over to Dieppe. Moriarty will again do what I should do. He will get on to Paris, mark down our luggage, and wait for
e about the man save his blazing red head, and the expression of extreme chagrin and discontent upon his features. Sherlock Holmes' quick eye took in my occupation, and he shook his hea
t was with me when I was young. If ever we are nature's, these are ours; this thorn Doth to our rose of youth rightly belong; Our blood
 him, draw; and as thou draw'st, swear horrible; for it comes to pass oft that a terrible oath, with a swaggering accent sharply twang'd off, gives manhood more approbation than ever proof itse
IZABETH. And must she die for this? O, let her live, And I'll corrupt her manners, stain her beauty, Slander myself as false to Edward's bed, Throw over her the veil of 
d you can check me where I am wrong. Shall I do so? Well, well, don't trouble to answer. Listen, and see that I do you no injustice. "From the moment, Mr. Soames, that you said to me tha
ppened." "I am sure we owe you an apology, Mrs. Toller," said Holmes, "for you have certainly cleared up everything which puzzled us. And here comes the country surgeon and Mrs. Rucastle,
ell, have through the very middest of you! and heavens and honour be witness that no want of resolution in me, but only my followers' base and ignominious treasons, makes me betake me
ad even smoked there. I found the ash of a cigar, which my special knowledge of tobacco ashes enables me to pronounce as an Indian cigar. I have, as you know, devoted some atte
cavaleiro. FORD. None, I protest; but I'll give you a pottle of burnt sack to give me recourse to him, and tell him my name is Brook-only for a jest. HOST. My hand, bully; thou shalt have eg
 with this discourse: 'Peace, tawny slave, half me and half thy dam! Did not thy hue bewray whose brat thou ar
summit we gazed out over the shadowy moor, half silver and half gloom. Far away, miles off, in the direction of Grimpen
ell. That same cowardly giant-like ox-beef hath devour'd many a gentleman of your house. I promise you your kindred hath made m
stake about a telegram I sent yesterday. I have had no answer, and I very much fear that I must have omitted to put my name at the e
ndless night. I saw Holmes put his hand to his forehead like a man distracted. He stamped his feet upon the ground. "He has beaten us, Watson. We are too late." "No, no, surely not!" "Fool t
re we admire, What thou dost foist upon us that is old, And rather make them born to our desire, Than think that we before have heard them told: T
ady begun to suspect Joseph, from the fact that you had intended to travel home with him that night, and that therefore it was a likely enough thing that he should call for you, knowing the Foreig
is dead and rotten; sweet chucks, beat not the bones of the buried; when he breathed, he was a man. But I will forward
" The proposition was at once adopted, and the committee chosen. Besides the chairman and Baldwin there wer
 drawing-room I went, box in hand, leaving the obliging inspector in the cab. She was seated by the open window, dressed in some sort of white di
 during our homeward journey I endeavoured to sound him upon the point, but he always glided away to some o
? TRANIO. That's but a cavil; he is old, I young. GREMIO. And may not young men die as well as old? BAPTISTA. Well, gentlemen, I am thus resolv'd: on Sunday nex
u'dst thank me but a little for my counsel, And yet I'll promise thee she shall be rich, And very rich; but th'art too much m
he general ear with horrid speech; Make mad the guilty and appal the free, Confound the ignorant, and amaze indeed The very faculties of eyes and ears. Yet I, A dul
amined the window. You amused me by supposing that I was contemplating the possibility of someone having in
thee at thy word. Call me but love, and I'll be new baptiz'd; Henceforth I never will be Romeo. Jul. What man art thou that, thus bescreen'd in night, So stumblest on my counsel? Rom. By a name I 
ior who took the papers? That would explain West's conduct. Or could the chief have given West the slip in the fog, and West started at once to London to head him off from his own rooms, presuming th
, and I saw the perspiration break out upon his brow, while his teeth chattered in his head. At the sight, I leaned my bac
ave determin'd to bestow her On Thurio, whom your gentle daughter hates; And should she thus be stol'n away from you, It would be much vexation to your age. Thus, for my duty's sake, I r
 by a Dane, who acts as assistant there, pushed her out into the street. Filled with the most maddening doubts and fears, she rushed down the lan
you, O you, So perfect and so peerless, are created Of every creature's best! MIRANDA. I do not know One of my sex; no woman's face remember, Save, from my glass, mine ow
 banished- O, that's the news!- From hence, from Silvia, and from me thy friend. VALENTINE. O, I have fed u
h these walls; For stony limits cannot hold love out, And what love can do, that dares love attempt. Therefore thy kinsmen are no let to me. 
s. Hudson into violent hysterics, and found that Mycroft had preserved my rooms and my papers exactly as they had always been. So it was, my dear Watson, that at two o
beast has been standing motionless. You see that it is no less than fifteen inches from fore-foot to hind. Add to that the length of neck and head, and you 
whether revolution be the same. O sure I am the wits of former days, To subjects worse have given admiring praise. 60 Like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore, So do our m
 the foresight," said he putting his finger upon the little disc and loop of the hat-securer. "They are never sold upon hats. If this man ordered one, it
d Godfrey Staunton." My friend had listened with amused surprise to this long speech, which was poured forth with extraordinary vigour and earnestness,
is gracious nature Would think upon you for your voices, and Translate his malice towards you into love, Standing your friendly lord. SICINIUS. Thus to
ove away. Holmes sat motionless by the fire, his hands buried deep in his trouser pockets, his chin sunk up
hed we might take a boat and go. We jumped at the offer, for we were already sick of these blookthirsty doings, and we saw that there would be worse before
hen she left Lausanne. Concerning this there had been some secrecy, which confirmed the idea that she had gone with the intention of throwing someone off her track. Otherwise why should 
attire so that, in case he was driven to use the dog, he might always have the means of setting him upon his track. With characteris
made me realize that it was in truth much more extraordinary than would at first sight appear. "Before examining the room I cross-questioned the servants, but only succeeded in elicitin
dick, [Beatrice,] Margaret, Ursula, Antonio, Friar [Francis], Hero. Friar. Did I not tell you she was innocent? Le
 fair greeting from our general, The Prince, Lord John and Duke of Lancaster. ARCHBISHOP. Say on, my Lord of Westmoreland, in peace, What doth concern your co
. Kent. Alack, bareheaded? Gracious my lord, hard by here is a hovel; Some friendship will it lend you 'gainst the tempest. Repose you there, whilst I to this hard house (More h
ontinue your most interesting statement." "I have nothing more to say, Mr. Holmes, except that I was angry with my wife that night for having held me back when I might have caught the skulk
eet she tender'd; With them, upon her knees, her humble self, Wringing her hands, whose whiteness so became t
ld pick thee out three such enemies again as that fiend Douglas, that spirit Percy, and that devil Glendower? Art thou not horribly afraid? Doth not th
For thou hast been As one, in suff'ring all, that suffers nothing; A man that Fortune's buffets and rewards Hast ta'en with equal thanks; and blest are those Whose blood and judgment are so 
ated with soot from the passing engines, but the black surface was blurred and rubbed in places. "You can see where they rested the body. Halloa, Watson! what is this? There can be no d
ar to do Than wishest should be undone." Hie thee hither, That I may pour my spirits in thine ear, And chastise with the valor of my tongue All that impedes thee from the golden round, Which fate and
ead so swiftly. Looking back, the huge house was one blaze of light. The front door was open, and figures were rushing down the drive. The whole garden was alive with people, and one fellow r
 villain, sir, that very oft, When I am dull with care and melancholy, Lightens my humour with his merry jests. What, will you walk with me abo
Behold, the English beach Pales in the flood with men, with wives, and boys, Whose shouts and claps out-voice the deep-mouth'd sea, Which, like a mighty whiffler, fore the King Seems to prepare his 
t. Well, I will love, write, sigh, pray, sue, and groan: Some men must love my lady, and some Joan. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPL
ut. If Edgar live, O, bless him! Now, fellow, fare thee well. He falls [forward and swoons]. Edg. Gone, sir, farewell.- And y
she bore in hand to love With such integrity, she did confess Was as a scorpion to her sight; whose life, But that her flight prevented it, she had Ta'en off by poison. CYMBELINE. O mo
r memories. The Priory is, without exception, the best and most select preparatory school in England. Lord Leverstoke, the Earl of Blackwater, Sir Cathcart Soames--they all have e
she was still only nineteen. He had not heard her when she pushed open the door. Now she tiptoed forward and laid her ha
 be the other way that the thief took,' cried the fellow, tugging at my sleeve. "But I was not satisfied, and the attempts which he made to draw me away increased my suspicions
olves. My sons- God knows what hath bechanced them; But this I know- they have demean'd themselves Like men born to renown by life or de
n. He disliked and distrusted the sex, but he was always a chivalrous opponent. Knowing how genuine was her regard for him, I listened earnestly to her story when she came to my rooms 
 native hue of resolution Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, And enterprises of great pith and moment With this regard thei
stolen out of other affairs; but I will attend you awhile. [Walks apart] DUKE. Son, I have overheard what hath pass'd between you and your sister. Angelo
d. No messenger but thine, and all alone To-night we'll wander through the streets and note The qualities of people. Come, my queen; Last night you did desire it. Speak 
ion to my identity and led to the most deplorable and irreparable results. As to Mycroft, I had to confide in him in order to obtain t
it is a melancholy of mine own, compounded of many simples, extracted from many objects, and, indeed, the sundry contemplation of my travels; in which my often ru
rong Deny their office; only you do lack That mercy which fierce fire and iron extends, Creatures of note for mercy-lacking uses. HUBE
ims marriage of me, could find in my heart to stay here still and turn witch. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. I will not stay to-night for all the town; Therefore a
en you both; and in any case have a nay-word, that you may know one another's mind, and the boy never need to understand any thing; for 'tis not good that children s
pite of wrinkles this thy golden time. But if thou live remembered not to be, Die single and thine image dies with thee. 4 Unthrifty loveliness why dost thou spend, Upon thy self thy be
, and dies, in single blessedness. HERMIA. So will I grow, so live, so die, my lord, Ere I will yield my virgin patent up Unto his lordship, whose unwished yoke My soul consents not to g
e is no other white man. Therefore we may say with confidence that the wooden-legged man is identical with Jonathan Small. Does the reasoning str
n of thy harmless life? Thou never didst them wrong, nor no man wrong; And as the butcher takes away the calf, And binds the wretch, and beats i
 lord, That you should fashion, wrest, or bow your reading, Or nicely charge your understanding soul With opening titles miscreate whose right Suits not in native colours with the truth; F
gentlemen, myself being one, In hand, and hope of action; but we do learn, By those that know the very nerves of state, His givings-out were of an infinite distance From
headed man?' "'Yes.' "'Oh,' said he, 'his name was William Morris. He was a solicitor and was using my room as a temporary convenience until his new premises were ready. He moved out yest
ting too. FRENCH KING. For us, we will consider of this further; To-morrow shall you bear our full intent Back to our brother of 
ed shield, But yet so just that he will not revenge. Revenge the heavens for old Andronicus! Exit SCENE II. Rome. The palace Enter AARON, DEMETRIUS and CHIRON, at one doo
 discovery of mine?" "It is interesting, chemically, no doubt," I answered, "but practically--" "Why, man, it is
 a link between two very much larger ones upon the right and left--both of them, however, in the grounds of my neigh
eat'ning reach. As when the golden sun salutes the morn, And, having gilt the ocean with his beams, Gallops the zodiac in his glistening coach And overlooks the highest-peering hill
 eye to it and gave a cry of satisfaction. "Quick, Dr. Watson, quick, before he passes over the hill!" There he was, sure enough, a sm
. What men of name resort to him? CHRISTOPHER. Sir Walter Herbert, a renowned soldier; SIR Gilbert Talbot, Sir William Stanley, OXFORD, redoubted Pembroke, Sir James Blunt, And Rice ap 
made a miscalculation, and that, if we had not been there, his doom would none the less have been sealed. A woman of Spanish blood does not condone such a
e other direction. I should then at my leisure have hired a second cab and followed the first at a respectful distance, or, better still, have driven to the Northumberland Hotel and waited the
ed anyone to acquire so deep an influence over her that the mere sight of him would induce her to change her plans so completely. You see we have alrea
nd what the object of his repeated visits? Was she his client, his friend, or his mistress? If the former, she had probabl
an read in a man's eye when it is his own skin that he is frightened for. It is inconceivable that this fellow could have made two such vindictive enemies as these appear to be without
as up, and was only anxious to revenge himself upon me. We tottered together upon the brink of the fall. I have some knowledge, however, of baritsu, or the 
t; mark what Jacob did: When Laban and himself were compromis'd That all the eanlings which were streak'd and pied Should fal
 herd of neat; Or as a bear, encompass'd round with dogs, Who having pinch'd a few and made them cry, The rest stand all aloof and bark at him. So far'd our father with his enemies; So fled his 
ruth of such account, And for my self mine own worth do define, As I all other in all worths surmount. But wh
S. A good demand. VOLUMNIA. If it be honour in your wars to seem The same you are not, which for your best ends You adopt your polic
n. The owl shriek'd at thy birth- an evil sign; The night-crow cried, aboding luckless time; Dogs howl'd, and hideous tempest shook down trees; The raven rook'd her on
o you to th' city; Learn how 'tis held, and what they are that must Be hostages for Rome. FIRST SOLDIER. Will not you go? AUFIDIUS. I am attended at the cypress grove; I
 wild, dark business which had absorbed us. And the more I thought of what had happened, the wilder and darker it grew. I reviewed the whole extrao
ng horror, even before Sherlock Holmes answered. "The word RACHE, written in letters of blood," he said. "That was it," said Lestrade, in an awe-struck voi
, had been chief of the party. His flushed face and glazed, blood-shot eyes told of sleeplessness and drink. He and his two com
OLIXENES. If at home, sir, He's all my exercise, my mirth, my matter; Now my sworn friend, and then mine enemy; My parasite, my soldier, statesman, all. He makes a July's day s
ne to serve the Duke of Florence. We met him thitherward; for thence we came, And, after some dispatch in hand at court, Thither we bend again. HELENA. Look on this letter
se It hath to climb. The general's disdain'd By him one step below, he by the next, That next by him beneath; so ever step,
im direction for this merry bond, And I will go and purse the ducats straight, See to my house, left in the fearful guard Of an unthrifty knave, and presently I'll be w
rembling and weeping, in the passage. Behind me as I passed from the flat I heard Holmes's high, thin voice in some delirious chant. Below, as I stood whistling for a cab, a ma
nt. HASTINGS. O, 'twas the foulest deed to slay that babe, And the most merciless that e'er was heard of! RIVERS. Tyrants themselves wept when it was reported. DORSET. No man but prophesied 
peeping out from the great Astrakhan collar had the helpless appealing expression of a terrified child. "Come into the house," sa
stents of love As shall conveniently become you there.' And even there, his eye being big with tears, Turn
 You see how easy it was for me to lay my hands upon you when once I had started upon the right trail." "I thought the police never could have seen through our dodge." "And t
t it no more bring out ingrateful man! Go great with tigers, dragons, wolves, and bears; Teem with new monsters whom thy upward face 
er. Ere you flout old ends any further, examine your conscience. And so I leave you. Exit. Claud. My liege, your Highness now may do me goo
r own conscience, sir, before Polixenes Came to your court, how I was in your grace, How merited to be so; since he came, With what encounter so uncurrent I Have strain'd t' appear thus; if one jot
 people mad? SIR TOBY. Hold, sir, or I'll throw your dagger o'er the house. [Holding SEBASTIAN] CLOWN. This will I tell my lady straight. I would not be in some of your coats for
ging heart with habit, I am still Attorney'd at your service. ISABELLA. O, give me pardon, That I, your vassal have employ'd and pain'd Your unknown sovereignty. DUKE. You
. SERVANT. I'll fetch him presently. Exit. BRUTUS. I know that we shall have him well to friend. CASSIUS. I wish we may, but y
ross the Broads, when a maid came out to say that there was a man at the door who wanted to see Mr. Trevor. "'What is his name?' asked my host. "'He would not give an
Y. That will I, Pompey. POMPEY. No, Antony, take the lot; But, first or last, your fine Egyptian cookery Shall have the fame. I have heard that Julius Caesar Grew fat with feasting there. 
 in debt to years than thou, Leads ancient lords and reverend Bishops on To bloody battles and to bruising arms. What never-dying honour hath he got Against renowmed Douglas! whose high deeds, W
lowed the Inspector outside. A short walk across the moor took us to the hollow in which the body had been found. At the brink of it was the furze-bush upo
never spent money better. But I knew the way into your good wishes and so I pretended to you that the law was after me. It all worked just as I thought. "So I joi
 that we can find some shorter cut to a result." "You are holding something back. It's hardly fair of you, Mr. Holmes." The inspector was annoyed. "You know
hich too untimely here did scorn the earth. Rom. This day's black fate on moe days doth depend; This but begins the woe others mu
nlike." "I expected to hear you say so. We shall look out for you, then, at six. Pray allow me to keep the papers. I may look into the matter before then. It is only half-past three. A
rel between husband and wife through the window, that he rushed in, and that the creature which he carried in his box got loose. That is all very certain. But he is the onl
ting shall be set aside. Away with us to Athens, three and three; We'll hold a feast in great solemnity. Come, Hippolyta. Exeunt THESEUS, HIPPOLYTA, EGEUS, a
and ran past him to the window through which she was accustomed to hand the meals. It was already opened, and Hunter was seated at the small table inside. She had begun to tell him of w
 your sword up, if you please. AGUECHEEK. Marry, will I, sir; and for that I promis'd you, I'll be as good as my word. He will b
little scene, To monarchize, be fear'd, and kill with looks; Infusing him with self and vain conceit, As if this flesh which walls about our life Were brass impregnable;
lmes I perceived that it also was stained yellow with nicotine. "A smoker, Mr. Holmes?" said he, speaking well-chosen English with a curious little mincing ac
ancements; I will be the man yet that shall make you great. SHALLOW. I cannot perceive how, unless you give me your doublet, and stuff me out with str
e nor misdoubt. Pray you leave me. Stall this in your bosom; and I thank you for your honest care. I will speak with you further anon. Exi
imputation, For that he knew you, might reproach your life, And choke your good to come. For his possessions, Although by confiscation they are ours, We do instate and widow you w
ng. I approached the house, as you know, on foot, and with my mind entirely free from all impressions. I naturally began by examining the roadway, and there, as
untenance to his speech, my lord, With almost all the holy vows of heaven. Pol. Ay, springes to catch woodcocks! I do know, When the blood burns, how prodigal the soul Lend
urs; I will say 'marry trap' with you, if you run the nuthook's humour on me; that is the very note of it. SLENDER. By this hat, then, he in the red face had
I may scape, I will preserve myself; and am bethought To take the basest and most poorest shape That ever penury, in contempt of man, Brought near to
ed from his usual suavity, showed me how deep was the disorganization of his mind. Of all ruins, that of a noble mind is the most deplorable. I sat in silent dejecti
Clarence, art thou here too? Nay, then I see that Edward needs must down. Yet, Warwick, in despite of all mischance, Of thee thyself and all thy complices, Edwar
 of the dark To cry, "Hold, hold!" Enter Macbeth. Great Glamis! Worthy Cawdor! Greater than both, by the all-hail hereafter! Thy letters have transported me bey
. I must to the barber's, mounsieur; for methinks I am marvellous hairy about the face; and I am such a tender ass, if my hair 
th thy name. Wilt take thy chance with me? I will not say Thou shalt be so well master'd; but, be sure, No less belov'd. The Roman Emperor's letters, Sent by a consul to me, should not soo
A most illuminating remark. It is impossible as I state it, and therefore I must in some respect have stated it wrong. Yet you saw for yourself. Can you su
 on the lip of a lion. CONSTABLE. Just, just! and the men do sympathise with the mastiffs in robustious and rough comi
y fat, drop by drop, and liquor fishermen's boots with me; I warrant they would whip me with their fine wits till I were as crestfall'n as a dr
this revolting land. Or shall we play the wantons with our woes And make some pretty match with shedding tears? As thus: to drop them still upon one place
show thy valour, and put up your sword. NYM. Will you shog off? I would have you solus. PISTOL. 'Solus,' egregious dog? O viper vile! The 'solus' in thy most mer
ill get you one. Beat. I would rather have one of your father's getting. Hath your Grace ne'er a brother li
 said. "You've done splendid work and taken risks, and I can't forget it. By all means go to Holland, and you can get a boat from Rotterdam to New York. No other line will be safe a week fr
ed herself with some sort of weapon, instead of having to pick this knife off the writing-table. She advanced along this corridor, leaving no traces upon
anger; And danger, like an ague, subtly taints Even then when they sit idly in the sun. ACHILLES. Go call Thersites hither, sweet Patroclus. I'll send 
ther public exposure. He had no friends at all save the wandering gypsies, and he would give these vagabonds leave to encamp upon the few acres of bramble-covered lan
A. Here, catch this casket; it is worth the pains. I am glad 'tis night, you do not look on me, For I am much asham'd
hed down the lantern. "A small chamber about seven feet deep and four feet square lay open to us. At one sid
rp knife such as most sailors have, we got nothing for our trouble. However, we find that we shall want no more evidence, for on 
f homage sweet, But poison'd flattery? O, be sick, great greatness, And bid thy ceremony give thee cure! Thinks thou the fiery fever will go out Wi
 Incapable of more, replete with you, My most true mind thus maketh mine untrue. 114 Or whether doth my mind being crowned
herit at my house. Hear all, all see, And like her most whose merit most shall be; Which, on more view of many, mine, being one, May stand in number, thoug
nths, during which period he had never worked less than fifteen hours a day, and had more than once, as he assured me, kept to his task for five days at a stretch. Even the triumphant is
t is the matter? EMILIA. Disprove this villain, if thou be'st a man. He says thou told'st him that his wife was false; I know thou didst
et old wrinkles come; And let my liver rather heat with wine Than my heart cool with mortifying groans. Why should a man whose blood is warm within Sit like his grandsire 
ur friend here, and remaining with him until I see you again. It is fortunate that you are old school-fellows, as you must have much to talk over. M
ictim with threats upon his tongue.' "Underneath is written in a hand so shaky as to be hardly legible, 'Beddoes writes in cipher to say H. has told all. Sweet Lord, have m
s; so fought the noble Douglas'- Stopping my greedy ear with their bold deeds; But in the end, to stop my ear indeed, Thou hast a sigh to blow away this praise, Ending with 'Brother,
Exeunt SCENE III. A lonely part of the forest Enter AARON alone, with a bag of gold AARON. He that had wit would think that I had none, To bury so much gold un
 Earl of Gloucester. Enter [Edmund the] Bastard and Curan, meeting. Edm. Save thee, Curan. Cur. And you, sir. I have been with your father, and given him notice that the Duke of Cornwall and Regan hi
ondon. The DUKE OF LANCASTER'S palace Enter JOHN OF GAUNT with the DUCHESS OF GLOUCESTER GAUNT. Alas, the part I had in Woodstock's blood Doth more solicit me than y
hat, man, courage yet! The Jew shall have my flesh, blood, bones, and all, Ere thou shalt lose for me one drop of blood. ANTONIO. I am a tainted wether of the flock, Meetest for death; the wea
 gait; eat, speak, and move, under the influence of the most receiv'd star; and though the devil lead the measure, such
, thus. FALSTAFF. Come, manage me your caliver. So- very well. Go to; very good; exceeding good. O, give me always a lit
he hut, dropping the note-book which he had brought with him in order to question Peter Carey about these different securities. You may have observed that some of them were marked with ticks, and t
ithful lord, That you should fashion, wrest, or bow your reading, Or nicely charge your understanding soul With opening titles miscreate whose right Suits not in native colours 
f He, which is the top of judgment, should But judge you as you are? O, think on that; And mercy then will breathe within your lips, Like man new made. ANGELO. Be you content, fair maid.
perceived. If he ask for me, I am ill and gone to bed. Though I die for't, as no less is threat'ned me, the King my old master must be relieved. There is some strange thing toward, Edmund. Pra
tly dealt with." "'He crept away, his face sunk upon his breast, like a broken man, while I put out the light and returned to my room. "'For two days after this Brunton was most assiduous in his at
is hand, and a revolver which the younger man was in the act of cocking clattered down upon the floor. "Keep that," said Holmes, quietly putting his
Susan?" "No sir; it is impossible. Before I got down the stair I'd have seen anyone in the passage. Besides, the door never opened, for I 
, the sharpest too easy. CLOWN. Has the old man e'er a son, sir, do you hear, an't like you, sir? AUTOLYCUS. He has a son- who shall be flay'd
y did: I am to do a good turn for them. Let the King have the letters I have sent, and repair thou to me with as much spee
Let me look back upon thee. O thou wall That girdles in those wolves, dive in the earth And fence not Athens! Matrons, turn incontinent. Obedience, fail in children! Slaves 
 reproaches Strike at thy life. Griev'd I, I had but one? Child I for that at frugal nature's frame? O, one too much by thee! Why had I one? Why ever wast 
hich vainly I suppos'd the Holy Land. But bear me to that chamber; there I'll lie; In that Jerusalem shall Harry die. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTR
ng trees and the broad silent stretch of grain-land, that it was difficult to realize that the spirit of murder lurked through it all. Yet the white face and set 
tition had been run across the passage six feet from the end, with a door cunningly concealed in it. It was lit within by slits under the eaves. A few articles of fu
s quiet country house of yours is the centre of half the mischief in England, and the sporting squire the most astute secr
owledge is a trifle rusty, I fear, but you will find the story in the first or second of Samuel." THE RESIDENT PATIENT Glancing over the somewhat incoherent series of Memoirs with which I have end
e Of their observant toil, the enemies' weight- Why, this hath not a finger's dignity: They call this bed-work, mapp'ry
ou see it coming; I say, a moving grove. MACBETH. If thou speak'st false, Upon the next tree shalt thou hang alive, Till famine cling thee; if thy s
f, Yea, all my raiment, to my petticoat; Or what you will command me will I do, So well I know my duty to m
ANIO. It is the most impenetrable cur That ever kept with men. ANTONIO. Let him alone; I'll follow him no more with 
he world as it was, man? Which is the way? Is it sad, and few words? or how? The trick of it? DUKE. Still thus, and thus; still worse! LUCIO. How doth my dear morsel, 
 they touch'd not any stranger sense. Her matter was, she loved your son. Fortune, she said, was no goddess, that had put such difference 
e? FABIAN. Nothing of that wonderful promise, to read him by his form, as you are like to find him in the proof of his valour
gree upon the first place. Sit, sit. The gods require our thanks: You great benefactors, sprinkle our society with tha
press of shipwrights, whose sore task Does not divide the Sunday from the week. What might be toward, that this sweaty haste Doth make the ni
aquenetta. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. We will read it, I swear. Break the neck of the wax, and every one give ear. BOYET. [Reads] 'By heaven,
without a name. MACBETH. I conjure you, by that which you profess (Howeer you come to know it) answer me: Though you untie the winds and let them fight Against the churches, though the yesty waves C
ld sinner to understand that any strong sign of interest would be the surest way to stop his confidence
ave got it!" "So far--so far, Watson. We advance, but the goal is afar. Well, having seen the back of Caulfield Gardens, I visited the front and satisfied myself that the bird was indeed flow
 take themselves to slomber, ay'll de gud service, or I'll lig i' th' grund for it; ay, or go to death. And I'll pay't as valorously 
e secrets of the grave, This viperous slander enters. What cheer, madam? IMOGEN. False to his bed? What is it to be false? To lie in
for the weakening of his companion. "Sure, it is like a war," he repeated. "What is it but a war between us an
y still, Attending on his golden pilgrimage: But when from highmost pitch with weary car, Like feeble age he reeleth from the day, The ey
 The mightiest space in fortune nature brings To join like likes, and kiss like native things. Impossible be strange attempts to those That weigh their pains in sense
ow, madam-in great friends; for the knaves come to do that for me which I am aweary of. He that ears my land spares my team, and gives me leave to in t
em. Hence I took a thought This was a judgment on me, that my kingdom, Well worthy the best heir o' th' world, should not Be gladded in't by me. Then follows that 
 Wood there to help me. We found no signs of violence upon it. I was hoping that if Mr. Douglas defended himself with the hammer, he might have left his mark upon the murderer 
les? Keep in Tunis, And let Sebastian wake.' Say this were death That now hath seiz'd them; why, they were no worse Than now they are. The
his foot than might otherwise have been possible. The wet, sandy path took it admirably. Last night was also wet, you will remember, and it was not difficult--having obtained a sam
assumed name, he returned to Salt Lake City, careless what became of his own life, as long as he obtained what he knew to be justice. There he found evil tid
our arrest?" "I live at Torrington Lodge, Blackheath, with my parents, Mr. Holmes; but last night, having to do business very late with Mr. Jonas Oldacre, I stayed at an hotel in Nor
abour, They say in great extremity, and fear'd She'll with the labour end. GARDINER. The fruit she goes with I pray for heartily, that it may find Good time,
ingham, If ever any grudge were lodg'd between us; Of you, and you, Lord Rivers, and of Dorset, That all without desert have 
? I hear a tongue, shriller than all the music, Cry "Caesar." Speak, Caesar is turn'd to hear. SOOTHSAYER. Beware the ides o
m I and my partner. Verg. Nay, that's certain. We have the exhibition to examine. Sex. But which are the offenders that are to be exam
ut when chance threw you in my way, Jack, and I learned to love you, I feared to tell you about my child. God forgive
CONSTABLE. And if he be not fought withal, my lord, Let us not live in France; let us quit an, And give our vineyards to a b
ved upon the scene, but she was just too late to catch the young man's dying words. Leaving Susan with the body, she hurrie
 into the right-hand pocket of his jacket. We had during this time been following the guidance of Toby down the half-rural villa-li
ls may take a little time before they would agree upon the sum, and these things cannot be done too promptly. I have jotted down the form here, if y
nce trod the ways of glory, And sounded all the depths and shoals of honour, Found thee a way, out of his wreck, to rise in- A sure and safe on
 largest stalls bore the name of Breckinridge upon it, and the proprietor a horsey-looking man, with a sharp face and trim side-whiskers was helping a boy to put up 
k to thrust you out perforce. YORK. The Queen this day here holds her parliament, But little thinks we shall be of her council. By words or blows here let us win our righ
t with you, Your sauciness will jest upon my love, And make a common of my serious hours. When the sun shines let foolish gnats make sport, But creep in crannies when he hides h
e to think so twenty years together! No settled senses of the world can match The pleasure of that madness. Let 't alone. PAULINA.
,--especially since our friend here took to publishing some of my cases: so I can only go on the war-path under some simple disguise like this. Y
Must be boisterously maintain'd as gain'd, And he that stands upon a slipp'ry place Makes nice of no vile hold to stay him up; That John may stand then, Arthur needs must fall; So
got or no, That still I lay upon my mother's head; But that I am as well begot, my liege- Fair fall the bones that took the pains for me!
e distant hollow on the left, half hidden by the mist, the two thin towers of Baskerville Hall rose above the trees. They were the only signs
 machine very thoroughly. It was indeed a gigantic one, and capable of exercising enormous pressure. When I passed outside, however, and pressed down the levers which controlled it, I
touch'd. SERVANT. I'll fetch him presently. Exit. BRUTUS. I know that we shall have him well to friend. CASSIUS. I wish we may, but yet have I a mind Th
ols, Marvin!" There was no possible resistance under the menace of those rifles. The men were disarmed. Sulky, sheepish, and amazed, they still sat round the table. "I'd 
ut; go home, Berowne; adieu. BEROWNE. No, my good lord; I have sworn to stay with you; And though I hav
st to bear it. Now his important blood will nought deny That she'll demand. A ring the County wears That downward hath succeeded in his house From son to son some four or five descents Sinc
 I marvel at the means by which you obtain your results in this case, even more than I did in the Jefferson Hope Murder. The thing seems
stately tread of the landlady passed my door, bound for the same destination. It was close upon twelve before I heard the sharp sound of his lat
hy brow to frown- know'st thou me yet? AUFIDIUS. I know thee not. Thy name? CORIOLANUS. My name is Caius Marcius, who hath done To thee partic
 Divine his downfall? Say, where, when, and how, Cam'st thou by this ill tidings? Speak, thou wretch. GARDENER. Pardon me, madam; little
uth tir'd with iteration- As true as steel, as plantage to the moon, As sun to day, as turtle to her mate, As iron to adamant, as earth to th' centre- Yet, after all comparisons of truth
y vouch against you, and my place i' th' state, Will so your accusation overweigh That you shall stifle in your own report, And smell of calumny. I have begun, And now I give my sensual race t
lling, shall not lack. Let us go in together; And still your fingers on your lips, I pray. The time is out of joint. O cursed spite That ever I was born to s
 The greatest is behind. [To Ross and Angus] Thanks for your pains. [Aside to Banquo] Do you not hope your c
th me since first you knew me. But, I pray you, What is your pleasure with me? CAPUCIUS. Noble lady, First, mine own service to your Grace;
nd I have got it in this Gladstone bag. Come on, my boy, and we shall see whether it will not fit the lock." We made our way downstairs as quietly as possible, and out into the bri
im to thy custody. GAOLER. I will, my lord. AEGEON. Hopeless and helpless doth Aegeon wend, But to procrastinate his lifeless end. <Exeunt SCENE 2 The mart Enter ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE, DROMIO OF S
king together, preparatory to our daily excursion upon the moors. "Mr. Holmes," said the vicar in an agitated voice, "the most extraordinary
place one's self under obligations.' "'For how long, may I ask, do you want this sum?' I asked. "'Next Monda
et of his own before marriage also--but I managed to get away from her and soon overtook Frank. We got into a cab together, and away we
have slain, that monstrous traitor? Sword, I will hallow thee for this thy deed And hang thee o'er my tomb when I am dead. Ne'er shall this blood be wiped from thy point, But thou shalt wea
nce as your good fortunes are; and yet, for aught I see, they are as sick that surfeit with too much as they that 
'rs, now wither'd. Even so These herblets shall which we upon you strew. Come on, away. Apart upon our knees. The ground that gave them first has them again. Thei
ol the moon, make flows and ebbs, And deal in her command without her power. These three have robb'd me; and this demi-devil- For he's a bastard one-had plotted with t
his fresh development. His clothes were getting looser on his great body. He seemed to be wilting away in his anxiety. "If you will only give me something to do!" was his constant wail. At 
himself? CHAMBERLAIN. My lords, you speak your pleasures. What he deserves of you and me I know; What we can do to him-though now the time Gi
elcome, And thank the holy conclave for their loves. They have sent me such a man I would have wish'd for. CA
 Miller Hill this morning?" The question came so suddenly that it was well that he had his answer prepared. He burst into a hearty laugh. "Morris didn't know I could earn a living
wledge. When I burned in desire to question them further, they made themselves air, into which they vanished. Whiles I stood rapt in the wonder of it, came missives from the K
ng was not altogether a cordial one. "Well, Jack, you are very hot." "Yes, I was chasing a Cyclopides. He is very rare and seldom found in the late autumn. What a pit
ften in their silent kind More than quick words do move a woman's mind. DUKE. But she did scorn a present that I sent her. VALENTINE. A woman sometim
ce, that are advanced here Before the eye and prospect of your town, Have hither march'd to your endamagement; The cannons have their bowels fu
n and fill'd the time With all licentious measure, making your wills The scope of justice; till now, myself, and such As slept within the shadow of your power, Have wander'd 
tended; LADY GREY, as Queen; PEMBROKE, STAFFORD, HASTINGS, and others. Four stand on one side, and four on t
at he would have proposed such a bargain to me, but he did not actually do so, for events moved too quickly for him, and he had not time to put
isarmed. Sulky, sheepish, and amazed, they still sat round the table. "I'd like to say a word to you before we separate," said the man who had trapped them. "
l not be slack To play my part in Fortune's pageant. Where are you there, Sir John? Nay, fear not, man, We are alone; here's none but thee and I. Enter HUME HUME. Jesus preserve your r
nd be put to death. BARNARDINE. [ Within ] Away, you rogue, away; I am sleepy. ABHORSON. Tell him he must awake, and that quickly too. POMPEY. Pray, Master Barnardine, awake till you ar
n its vehemence. They were waiting for me in the drawing-room, which is a very large room, stretching along the entire front of the house,
ng." "Well, indeed then, Mac," Scanlan answered. "It's not the will but the nerve that is wanting in me. When I saw Manager Dunn go down at the collier
 marriage wherefore was he mock'd, To be exil'd and thrown From Leonati seat and cast From her his dearest one, Sweet Imogen? SICILIUS. Why did you suffer Iachimo, Sl
rows again toward earth, Is fashion'd for the journey dull and heavy. Go to Ventidius. Prithee be not sad, Thou art true and honest; ingeniously I speak
trap rattled back on its way to Leatherhead. "I thought it as well," said Holmes as we climbed the stile, "that this fellow should think we had come here as architects, or on
 how you butt yourself in these sharp mocks! Will you give horns, chaste lady? Do not so. KATHARINE. Then die a calf, before your horns do grow. LONGAVILLE. O
 handsomely mounted in solid gold, and it is inconceivable that anyone who wore such glasses could be slatternly in other respects. You will find that the clips are too w
been permitted to study your methods of working. I confess that they quite surpass my expectations, and that I am utterly una
e so, How little is the cost I have bestowed In purchasing the semblance of my soul From out the state of hellish cruelty! This comes too near the praising of myself; Therefore, no more of it; hear 
u, Watson"--he stopped his work and took his old friend by the shoulders--"I've hardly seen you in the light yet. How have the years used you? You look the same blithe boy as ever." "
drop of blood drawn from thy country's bosom Should grieve thee more than streams of foreign gore. Return thee 
igures refer." Holmes's calculation was fulfilled within a very few minutes by the appearance of Billy, the page, with the very letter which we were expecting. "The same writing," remarked Hol
 subject lends not some small glory, But he that writes of you, if he can tell, That you are you, so dignifies his story. Let him but copy what in you is writ, Not making worse wh
e you agreed? POMPEY. Sir, I will serve him; for I do find your hangman is a more penitent trade than your bawd; he doth oftener ask forgiveness. PROVOST. You, sirr
on; He's loving and most gracious. 'Twill be much Both for your honour better and your cause; For if the trial of the law o'ertake ye You'll part away disgrac'd. WOLSEY. He tells you rightly. QUEE
f Timon, nothing of him expect. The enemies' drum is heard, and fearful scouring Doth choke the air with dust. In, and prepare. Ours is the fall, I fear; our f
t the paper upon the table. A glance showed him that chance had put in his way a State document of immense value, and in an instant he had thrust it into his pocket and was gone. A few minutes el
 Why do you rate my Lord of Suffolk thus? Although the Duke was enemy to him, Yet he most Christian-like laments his death; And for myself- foe as he was to me- Mi
rmined, be devoted to that one end. With a grim, white face, he retraced his steps to where he had dropped the food, and having stirred up the smouldering fire, he cooked enough to last him for a
 than to the edge of steel Or force of Greekish sinews; you shall do more Than all the island kings-disarm great Hector. HELEN. 'Twill make us proud to be his servant, Paris; Yea, what he shall
of foot, Doth not thy embassage belong to me, And am I last that knows it? O, thou thinkest To serve me last, that I may longest
using only at the large one which looked from the hall onto the stable lane. This he opened and made a very careful examination of the sill with his powerful magnifying lens. "Now we shall g
had any demand of the sort?" "No, sir." "One more question, your Grace. I understand that you wrote to your son upon the day w
 the final step I should like to submit the whole matter to your consideration." "Well, Miss Hunter, if your mind is made up, that settles the question," said Holmes, smiling. "But you would not adv
s, the Duke's wrestler; which Charles in a moment threw him, and broke three of his ribs, that there is little hope of life in him. So he serv'd the second, and so the third. Yonder they lie; the po
slobbered with blood. On the other side of the bushes a shoe was projecting. We ran round, and there lay the unfortunate rider. He was a tall man, f
or my own thoughts are not over-pleasant. I was wondering what I should say to this dear little woman to-night when she meets me at the door." "You forget that I kn
t we both obey, And here give up ourselves, in the full bent, To lay our service freely at your feet, To be commanded. King. Thanks, Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern. Queen.
o me, Mr. Overton, a sweeter and healthier one. My ramifications stretch out into many sections of society, but never, I am happy to say, into amateur sport, which is the best and soundest thi
 could realize nothing save that the golden barrier was gone from between us. "Thank God!" I ejaculated from my very heart. She looked at me with a quick, questioning smile. "Why do you say that?
n those eyes Which thou dost glare with. LADY MACBETH. Think of this, good peers, But as a thing of custom. 'Tis no other, Only it spoils the pleasure of th
ral friends, tends to show that Sir Charles's health has for some time been impaired, and points especially to some affection of the heart,
nded. "I've my own good reasons for leaving Chicago, and let that be enough for you. Who are you that you should take it on yourself to ask such things?" His gray eyes gleamed with su
ited. Seneca cannot be too heavy, nor Plautus too light. For the law of writ and the liberty, these are the only men. Ham. O Jephthah, judge of Israel, what a treasure hadst thou! Pol
 Being capable of all ill! I pitied thee, Took pains to make thee speak, taught thee each hour One thing or ot
th no explanation save that the things had been paid for and were ordered to this address. Just before nine o'clock Sherlock Holmes stepped briskly into the room. His features were gr
od willing, shall not lack. Let us go in together; And still your fingers on your lips, I pray. The time is out of joint. O c
t; and, to stop up the displeasure he hath conceived against your son, there is no fitter matter. How does your ladyship like it? COUNTESS. With very much content
o you, Sherlock? But somehow this case attracts me." "How did you get here?" "I passed you in a hansom." "There has been some new de
 back, ne'er ebb to humble love, Till that a capable and wide revenge Swallow them up. Now, by yond marble heaven, In the due reverence of a sacred vow Kneels. I here
ached the corner of Goodge Street, a row broke out between this stranger and a little knot of roughs. One of the latter knocked off the man's hat, on which he raised his stick to defend h
the future career of every vessel which touched at Pondicherry in January and February in '83. There were thirty-six ships of fair tonn
re like my father Than I to Hercules. Within a month, Ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tears Had left the flushing in her galled eyes,
BIADES. We but offend him. Strike. Drum beats. Exeunt all but TIMON TIMON. That nature, being sick of man's unkindness, Should yet be hungry! Common m
ned that from you. Yes, I saw the picture--a young woman with her head on her hands, peeping at you sideways." "That painting was by Jean Baptiste Greuze.
las, he hath no home, no place to fly to; Nor knows he how to live but by the spoil, Unless by robbing of your friends and us. Were't not a shame that whilst you live at jar The fe
y in force unto her fair life's end. QUEEN ELIZABETH. But how long fairly shall her sweet life last? KING RICHARD. As long as heaven 
 the imagination of the average story-teller. Take a pinch of snuff, Doctor, and acknowledge that I have scored over you in your example." He held out his snuffbox o
 lantern. "I could hear the measured tramp of their footsteps sounding through the lonely corridors. Suddenly it ceased, and I heard voices, and a scuffle, with the sound o
on, anon, sir. Prince. Five year! by'r Lady, a long lease for the clinking of Pewter. But, Francis, darest thou be so valiant as to play the coward with thy indenture and show it a fair pair o
down over her temples on each side. A worked antimacassar lay upon her lap and a basket of coloured silks stood upon a stool beside her. "They are in the outhouse, those dreadful things," said she as
s of packthread, and old cakes of roses Were thinly scattered, to make up a show. Noting this penury, to mys
nough, I thought." "I would willingly give five hundred," said the J.P., taking the slip of paper and the pencil which Holmes han
. It is here." Holmes unfolded the paper carefully and smoothed it out upon his knee. He then very methodically examined it all over
man does when he is sprinting. By Jove! he has had a fall." There was a broad, irregular smudge covering some yards of the track. Then there were a few footmarks, and the tyre reappeared once
 Some that will thank you, making just report Of how unnatural and bemadding sorrow The King hath cause to plain. I am a gentleman of blood and breeding, And from some knowledge and ass
t here on the hook and will be dry presently. You have come up from the south-west, I see." "Yes, from Horsham." "That clay and chalk mixtu
ould speak truly, little better than one of the wicked. I must give over this life, and I will give it over! By the Lord
ows it, when none can call our power to account? Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him? DOCTOR.
er then?" "Well, to tell the truth, I saw then the first signs that I had ever seen that her temper was just a little sharp. The incident however, was too trivi
, but with acceptance bounteous, And will upon the instant put thee to't: Within these three days let me hear thee say That Cassio's not alive. 
 of marriage shall be solemniz'd. Is not the Lady Constance in this troop? I know she is not; for this match made up Her presence would hav
asting an occasional glance at the message. Suddenly he turned upon me with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. "I suppose, Watson, we must look upon you as a man o
e? Yet tell me not, for I have heard it all. Here's much to do with hate, but more with love. Why then, O brawling love! O loving hate! O anything, of nothing 
ly, I came to seek a theory, not to propound one. I have given you all the facts. Since you ask me, however, I may say that it has occurred to me as possible that the exci
lf useful in the shop. He could carve a bit and gild and frame, and do odd jobs. The fellow left me last week, and I've heard not
o exploring. "The river washes along the front of the old fort, and so protects it, but on the sides and behind there are many doors, and these had to be guarded, of cour
h me to forbid him her resort; Myself have spoke in vain. TIMON. The man is honest. OLD ATHENIAN. There
N. Some salve for perjury. BEROWNE. 'Tis more than need. Have at you, then, affection's men-at-arms. Consider what you first did swear unto: To fast, to study, and to see no woman- Flat
 silence. Holmes twitched my sleeve, and together we stole down the stair. "I will call again in the ev
n--possibly mere hunger and fatigue," said I, with my finger on the thready pulse, where the stream of life trickled thin and small. "Return ticket from Mackleton, in the North of E
go; we must to the watch. IAGO. Not this hour, lieutenant; 'tis not yet ten o' the clock. Our general cast us thus early for the love of his Desdemona; who let us not therefore blame. He hath no
ake her airy tongue more hoarse than mine With repetition of my Romeo's name. Romeo! Rom. It is my soul tha
ed, and the new boat was not yet launched, so I had to wait for a couple of months with my people at Sydenham. One day out in a country lane I met Theresa Wright
esume they were of value?" "He could have got several thousands for them very easily." "Can you suggest any possible motive for taking the papers to London except to sell them?" "No, I canno
mong the Apaches, had escaped, came on to 'Frisco, found that I had given him up for dead and had gone to England, followe
M. What shall be done to him? SECOND LORD. Nothing, but let him have thanks. Demand of him my condition, and what credit I have with the Duke. FIRST
o are of such sensible and nimble lungs that they always use to laugh at nothing. ANTONIO. 'Twas you we laugh'd at. GONZALO. Who in this kind 
ightness doth not grace the day? Whence hast thou this becoming of things ill, That in the very refuse of thy deeds, There is such strength and warrantise o
all, take care of yourself in the meanwhile, for I do not think that there can be a doubt that you are threatened by a very real and immi
 NYM. The anchor is deep; will that humour pass? FALSTAFF. Now, the report goes she has all the rule of her husband's
he awakened Scanlan, and the two hurried on their clothes. When they were dressed they found that the others
hou wast sworn to cherish and defend. FIRST MURDERER. How canst thou urge God's dreadful law to us, When thou hast broke it in such dear degree? CLARENCE. Alas! for whose sake did I that 
Fate, ordaining he should be a cuckold, held his hand. Well, on went he for a search, and away went I for foul clothes. But mark the sequel, Master Brook-I suffered the pangs of three several deat
man lunatic? TRANIO. Sir, you seem a sober ancient gentleman by your habit, but your words show you a madman. Why, sir, what 'cerns it you if I wear pearl a
ery way, you wrong me, Brutus. I said, an elder soldier, not a better. Did I say "better"? BRUTUS. If you did, I care not. CASSIUS. When Ca
ow; Cypress black as e'er was crow; Gloves as sweet as damask roses; Masks for faces and for noses; Bugle bracelet, necklace amber, Perfume for a lady's chamber; 
erseverance. Through a cousin who works with Gelder he found out the retail firms who had bought the busts. He managed to find emp
ayers. KING. Charles, good night. Exit SUFFOLK Enter SIR ANTHONY DENNY Well, sir, what follows? DENNY. Sir, I have 
in the world, to hear the fuss that is made over them." "Well, I have no connection with any other people who have been making inquiries," said Holmes carelessly. "If you 
e were any evidence of such a sound to-night." "We heard nothing of the kind," said I. "And what is your theory of this poor fellow's death?" "I have no doubt that anxiety and exposu
ormed his disguise, he packed them away in a hand-bag. "Have you seen the morning paper, Watson?" "No." "You haven't seen about Baker Street,
rt. Nay, it perchance will sparkle in your eyes, And, like a dog that is compell'd to fight, Snatch at his master that doth tarre him on. All things that you should
 pair of glasses. I was forced, therefore, to seriously consider the hypothesis that she had remained within the house. On perceiving the similarity of the two corridors it became clear t
re; And throw between them all the food thou hast, They'll grind the one the other. Where's Antony? EROS. He's walking in the garden- thus, and spurns The rush that lies before him; cries 'Foo
e, with plenty of room over. But the modern part is nothing like the size of the old quarter, where nobody goes, and which is given over to the scorpions and the centipedes. It is all
your leisure. Hot. I have done, i' faith. Wor. Then once more to your Scottish prisoners. Deliver them up without their ransom straight, And make the Douglas' son your only mean For powers In Scot
as natural to me as walking, so I applied at a cabowner's office, and soon got employment. I was to bring a certain sum a week to the owner, and whatever was over that I mi
 with our language. Suddenly, however, as I sat writing, he ceased to give any answer at all to my inquiries, and on my turning towards him I was shocked to see that he was 
 him arrive, so far as we can learn; but he need not pass through the village to reach the park gates, and there are many cyclists upon the road. Presumably he at once 
afia. He has broken the rules in some fashion. Pietro is set upon his track. Probably the photograph we found in his pocket is the 
tently has, I noticed, one peculiarity above all other windows in the house--it commands the nearest outlook on the moor. There is an opening between two trees which
er such an easy gentleman to describe. I'd put him at forty years of age, and he was of a middle height, 
 she loves my son, I'll tell thee on the instant thou art then As great as is thy master; greater, for His fortu
ne indignation, mighty heaven, And tempt us not to bear above our power! I'll tell thee, Hubert, half my power this night, Passing these fla
l at noon on Saturday. Remember that only English notes, or gold, will be taken. "That will do very well. I shall be very much surprised if it does not fetch our man." And it did! It 
letter] 'Twill be two days ere I shall see you; so I leave you to your wisdom. HELENA. Sir, I can nothing say But that I am your most obedient servant. BERTRAM. Come, come, no more
Were for myself; and so, my lord, adieu. GLOUCESTER. If you thrive well, bring them to Baynard's Castle; Where you shall find me well accompanied With reverend fathers and well learned bi
 MERCHANT. I am sorry now that I did draw on him. ABBESS. How long hath this possession held the man? ADRIANA. This week he hath been heavy, sour, sad, And much dif
" "The Bible!" I cried triumphantly. "Good, Watson, good! But not, if I may say so, quite good enough! Even if I accepted the compliment for my
urselves provide. Most holy and religious fear it is To keep those many many bodies safe That live and feed upon your Majesty. Ros. The single and peculiar life is bound With all the strength
ot one word of truth has he ever told me. And why--why? I imagined that all was for my own sake. But now I see that I was never anything but a
enly as we get round the angle of the jaw, it is surely very clear that that side is less illuminated than the other. I could not imagine a man of your habits looking at himself in an
n one easy-chair and my legs upon another, I had surrounded myself with a cloud of newspapers until at last, saturated with the news of the day, I 
ght." "You have the photograph?" "I know where it is." "And how did you find out?" "She showed me, as I told you she would." "I am still in the
ruest bars to thrust, That to my use it might unused stay From hands of falsehood, in sure wards of trust! But thou, to whom my jewels trifles are, Most worthy comfort, no
aw him arrive, so far as we can learn; but he need not pass through the village to reach the park gates, and there are many cyclists upon the road. Presumably he at on
clinking. The man was trying to force the lock! This time his skill was greater or his tool was better, for there was a sudden snap and t
e other planet. But we know. We have learned the truth in sorrow and in suffering. To us there is no fiend in hell like Juan Murillo, and no peace in life while his victims still c
y peace. AGUECHEEK. Good, i' faith! Come, begin. [Catch sung] Enter MARIA MARIA. What a caterwauling do you keep here! If m
used to make. "Well, there was one thing which very soon struck me, and that was that the soldiers used always to lose and t
. We found a short valley between rugged tors which led to an open, grassy space flecked over with the white cotton grass. In the middle of it rose two great stones, worn and sharpened at th
rvice is seldom attributed to the true and exact performer, I would have that drum or another, or 'hic jacet.' BERTRAM. Why, if you have a stomach, to't, monsieur. If
lebrates Pale Hecate's offerings; and wither'd Murther, Alarum'd by his sentinel, the wolf, Whose howl's his watch, thus with his stealthy pace, With Tarquin's ravishing str
 certain Mr. Sherlock Holmes, who has himself, as an amateur, shown some talent in the detective line, and who, with such instructors, may hope in time to attain to some degre
 help the police to lay their hands on him. Has it never struck you that the way to catch that man was to find out where he got his food, and so tr
ing which looks like sawdust in it. I am convinced that these marks were left by the man who rifled the papers. There were no footm
ort-bladed scissors. It has been folded over three times and sealed with purple wax, put on hurriedly and pressed down with some flat oval ob
u know, good countryman. FLUELLEN. All the water in Wye cannot wash your Majesty's Welsh plood out of your pody, I can 
bread of banishment, Whilst you have fed upon my signories, Dispark'd my parks and fell'd my forest woods, From my own windows torn my
: You have misled a prince, a royal king, A happy gentleman in blood and lineaments, By you unhappied and disfigured 
am sure, that there has been enough to excuse me." But his narrative was nipped in the bud. There was a bustle outside, and Mrs. Hudson opened the door to usher in two robust and official-loo
g was simply the result of a whim or fancy was more than I could determine. I might have rebelled against these exasperating solos had it not been that he usually terminated them by playing in qui
e head And, bending forward, struck his armed heels Against the panting sides of his poor jade Up to the rowel-head; and starting so, He seem'd in running to devour the way, 
place And reason coldly of your grievances, Or else depart. Here all eyes gaze on us. Mer. Men's eyes were made to look, and let them gaze. I will not budge for no man'
hat they are. ELBOW. Marry, I thank your worship for it. Thou seest, thou wicked varlet, now, what's come upon thee: thou art to 
ugh I have become more familiar with them since. Besides this, there were nearly three hundred very fine pearls, twelve of which were set in a gold coronet. By the way, these last ha
car, is a good liv'ry of honour; so belike is that. CLOWN. But it is your carbonado'd face. LAFEU. Let us go see your son, I pray you; I long to talk with the young no
do not; but, as I can learn, He hearkens after prophecies and dreams, And from the cross-row plucks the letter G, And sa
ds of the lodge itself. It would appear that when the County Delegate had sent over five good men to strike a blow in Vermissa, he had demanded
 limited, but she has as good an idea of breakfast as a Scotch-woman. What have you here, Watson?" "Ham and eggs," I answered. "Good! What are y
inst me. Now shall the devil be sham'd. What, wife, I say! Come, come forth; behold what honest clothes you send forth to bleaching. PAGE. Why, this passes, Master Ford; you are not to go loose any
 the odds be great, I doubt not, uncle, of our victory. Many a battle have I won in France, When as the enemy hath been ten to one; Why should I not now have the like success
'd but hither. MALVOLIO. She returns this ring to you, sir; you might have saved me my pains, to have taken it awa
be holy as You hear my spell is lawful. Do not shun her Until you see her die again; for then You kill her double. Nay, present your hand. When she was young you woo'd her; now in age Is she become
e questioned her long enough, you gentlemen, and now she is coming to her own room, just with her old Theresa, to get the rest that she badly needs." With a motherly tenderness the gaunt woman pu
"I do not think that it is likely." "Of course you know the legend of the fiend dog which haunts the family?" "I have heard it." "It is extraordin
gh the door, and an instant afterwards had thrown ourselves down upon the grass plot and were lying side by side, conscious only of the glorious sunshine which was bursting its way through t
ove, whose month is ever May, Spied a blossom passing fair Playing in the wanton air. Through the velvet leaves the wind, All unseen, can passage find; That the lover, sick to dea
d in the ruthless, vast, and gloomy woods? See, see! Ay, such a place there is where we did hunt- O, had we never, never hunted there!- Pattern'd 
ld it not shame thee in so fair a troop To read a lecture of them? If thou wouldst, There shouldst thou find one heinous article, Containing the deposing of a
of all I wish to impress upon you that the boy certainly left of his own free will. He got down from his window and he went off, either alone or with someone. That is sure." I assented. 
 thy heart as that within my breast! Rom. O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied? Jul. What satisfacti
heart. SIR TOBY. No, sir; it is legs and thighs. Let me see the caper. Ha, higher! Ha, ha, excellent! Exeunt SCENE IV. The DUKE'S palace Enter VALENTINE, and VIOLA in
; So is he, being a man. AGRIPPA. [Aside to ENOBARBUS] Why, Enobarbus, When Antony found Julius Caesar dead, He cried almost to roaring; and he wept When at Philippi
 no more; And throw between them all the food thou hast, They'll grind the one the other. Where's Antony? EROS. He's walking in the garden- thus, and spurns The rush that lies before hi
or my visitation shall I Hold up before him? CAMILLO. Sent by the King your father To greet him and to give him comforts. Sir, The manner of your be
EONTES. I thought of her Even in these looks I made. [To FLORIZEL] But your petition Is yet unanswer'd. I will to your father. Your honour not o'erthrown by your desires, I am frie
ion Which shall be needful for your entertainment. Lear. Return to her, and fifty men dismiss'd? No, rather I abjure all roofs, and choose To wage against the enmity o' th' air, To be a comrad
es. Far away stretched a line of houses, with a light here and there in the upper windows. On the other side I saw the red signal-lamps of a railway. "The carriage which 
aw Cannot impugn you as you do proceed. You stand within his danger, do you not? ANTONIO. Ay, so he says. PORTIA. Do you confess the bond? ANTO
ow then I judge a happy day. BUCKINGHAM. Who knows the Lord Protector's mind herein? Who is most inward with the noble Duke? BISHOP OF ELY. Your Grace, we think, should soonest know his mind.
ates, To entertain my vows of thanks and praise! Soldiers, this day have you redeem'd your lives, And show'd how well you love your Prince and country.
 Whoe'er I woo, myself would be his wife. SCENE V. OLIVIA'S house Enter MARIA and CLOWN MARIA. Nay, either tell me where thou hast been, or I will not open my lips so wide as a bristle may ent
e countenance of the murdered man. So sinister was the impression which that face had produced upon me that I found it difficult to feel anything but gratitude for him who ha
aged his life-long battle against crime. On referring to my notes I see that it was upon the 14th of April that I recei
ld of curses undergo, Being the agents or base second means, The cords, the ladder, or the hangman rather? O, pardon me that I descend so low To show the line and the pre
c'd in the ruthless, vast, and gloomy woods? See, see! Ay, such a place there is where we did hunt- O, had we never, never hunted there!- Pattern'd by that the poet 
, indeed, Which throes thee much to yield. ANTONIO. Thus, sir: Although this lord of weak remembrance, this Who shall be of as little memory When he is earth
erous there, Your vile intent must needs seem horrible. HUBERT. Is this your promise? Go to, hold your tongue. ARTH
g truer; 'tis no jest That I do hate thee and love Helena. HERMIA. O me! you juggler! you cankerblossom! You thief of love! What! Have you come by night, And stol'n my love's heart from him? HELENA
the door. Every precaution is necessary when dealing with such a fellow. You will need your handcuffs, inspector. You can leave the talking to me." We waited in silence for a minute--one of
een cracked. A small fragment of the wood was hanging down. Holmes pulled it off and examined it critically. "Do you 
his 'Cooee!' then?" "Well, obviously it could not have been meant for the son. The son, as far as he knew, wa
nce. Already he hath carried Notice to Escalus and Angelo, Who do prepare to meet him at the gates, There to give up their pow'r. If you can, pace your wi
ngers I had pass'd, And I loved her that she did pity them. This only is the witchcraft I have used. Here comes the 
h were covered by curtains and never opened. One of these windows was turned towards the high road, and when the light burned in it at night
after to supply our wants; For we will make for Ireland presently. Enter BUSHY Bushy, what news? BUSHY.
and the white are on his face, The fatal colours of our striving houses: The one his purple blood right well resembles; The other his pale cheeks, methinks,
e places; were I his lady I would poison that vile rascal. HELENA. Which is he? DIANA. That jack-an-apes with scarfs. Why is he melanchol
 youth and freshness Wrinkles Apollo's, and makes stale the morning. Why keep we her? The Grecians keep our aunt. Is sh
our mistress hears thus much from you, I pray desire her call her wisdom to her. So farewell. If you do chance to hear of that blind traitor, Preferment falls on him that cuts h
been cracked. A small fragment of the wood was hanging down. Holmes pulled it off and examined it critically. "Do you think that was done last night? It looks rather old, does it not?" "Well, poss
e wicket gate, however, I found my acquaintance of the morning waiting in the shadow upon the other side. Without a word
on the very morning of the wedding. James Windibank wished Miss Sutherland to be so bound to Hosmer Angel, and s
s waiter at the Grosvenor Hotel in London. At his advice, on the afternoon of the fourth we set off together, with the intention of crossing the hills 
rites, And show the best of our delights. I'll charm the air to give a sound, While you perform your antic round, That this great King may kindly say Our duties did his welcome pay. Music
am Shakespeare for your reading for education and entertainment. HOWEVER, THIS IS NEITHER SHAREWARE NOR PUBLIC DOMAIN. . .AND UNDER THE LIBRARY OF THE FUTURE CONDITIONS OF THIS PRESENTATION.
s delivered of a firebrand; and therefore I call him her dream. PRINCE. A crown's worth of good interpretation. There 'tis, boy. [Giving a crown] POINS. O that thi
in order to frame it and hang it up." "Perhaps he is waiting for a better price." "If he waits a little longer he will get no price at all. The treaty will
gone? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Why, sir, I brought you word an hour since that the bark Expedition put forth to-night; and then were you hind'red by the sergeant, to tarry for the boy De
e. Exit. Laur. Now, must I to the monument alone. Within this three hours will fair Juliet wake. She will beshrew me much that Romeo Hath had no notice of th
ith how manifold and strong a bond The child was bound to th' father- sir, in fine, Seeing how loathly opposite I stood To his unnatural purpose, in fell motion With his prepared sword h
oung lady?' "But his voice was just a little too coaxing. He overdid it. I was keenly on my guard against him. "'I was foolish enough to go into the empty wing,' I an
u have articulate, Proclaim'd at market crosses, read in churches, To face the garment of rebellion With some fine colour that may please the ey
 witchcraft's in him, but Your soldiers use him as the grace fore meat, Their talk at table, and their thanks at end; And 
n his bare feet, opened the window, sprang out into the snow, and ran down the lane, where he could see a dark figure in the moonlight. Sir George Burnwell tried to get away, but Arthur caug
action, but the lad had the most wrong-headed opinions, and it is possible that he may have fled to her, aided and abetted by this German. I think, Dr. Huxtable, that we
ELINE. Thou basest thing, avoid; hence from my sight If after this command thou fraught the court With thy unworthiness, thou diest. Away! Thou'rt poison to my blood. POSTHUM
ts, winged through the lither sky, In thy despite shall scape mortality. O thou whose wounds become hard-favoured Death, Speak to thy father ere thou yield thy breath! Brave Death by speaking, whe
e door of the house we were met by a tall, white-faced, flaxen-haired man, with a notebook in his hand, who rushed forward and wrung my companion's hand with effusion. "It is indeed kind of
d in a paper, which contain'd the name Of her that threw it. Noble she was, and thought I stood engag'd; but when I had subscrib'd To mine own fortune, and inform'd her fully I could not answer in 
' I heard her say, or words to that effect. The woman was excusing herself. 'It should be there before now,' she answered. 'It took longer, being out
ong journey. I have seen young McCarthy." "And what did you learn from him?" "Nothing." "Could he throw no light?" "None at all. I was inclined to think at one time that he knew who had done it and
ement. The latter was blinking in the bright light of the corridor, and peering at us and at the smouldering fire. It was an o
companion, striking a match, lit a large lantern which stood on a barrel in the corner. In an instant it was obvious that we had at last come upon the tr
s it pulled up, one of the loafing men at the corner dashed forward to open the door in the hope of earning a copper, but was elbowed away by 
will write the answers. Ask him first of all whether he is prepared to sign the papers?' "The man's eyes flashed fire. "'Never!' he wrote in Greek upon the slate. "'On n
e want thereof makes thee abominable. Thou art as opposite to every good As the Antipodes are unto us, Or as the south to the septentrion. O tiger's heart wrapp'd in a woman's hide! How couldst
reaty. Guil. But we both obey, And here give up ourselves, in the full bent, To lay our service freely at your feet, To be commanded. King. Thanks, Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenste
of wine, if thou hast no name to be known by, let us call thee devil! IAGO. What was he that you followed with your sword? What had he done to you? CASSIO. I 
. Good cheer, Antonio! What, man, courage yet! The Jew shall have my flesh, blood, bones, and all, Ere thou shalt lose for me one drop of blood.
ent going in the direction of the office. He was an impetuous man, quick in his decisions. Everything gave way to his dut
anner so cleverly concealed. By encouraging the intimacy he made it certain that Sir Henry would frequently come to Merripit House and that he
 Therefore, I argued, they did not go very far. They paid Smith well to hold his tongue, reserved his launch for the final escape, and hurried to their lod
s that is not yet known what, I cannot name; 'tis nameless woe, I wot. Enter GREEN GREEN. God save your Majesty! and well met, gentlemen. I hop
ive so much to know. The kindly, charitable, good old governor--how could he have fallen into the clutches of such a ruffian! But I am so glad that you have come, Holm
 ROSALIND. Thou losest thy old smell. LE BEAU. You amaze me, ladies. I would have told you of good wrestling, which you have los
 gentleman, your friend, is a man of honour and discretion, whom I may trust with a matter of the most extreme importance. If not, I should much prefer to communicate with you alone." I ros
iner), I will live a bachelor. Pedro. I shall see thee, ere I die, look pale with love. Bene. With anger, with sickness, 
an gentleman--he saved him from some ruffians in the place called the Bowery, and so made a powerful friend. His name was Tito Castalotte, and he was the senior partner of the great
, Until I meet the King. Hot. Up and away! Our soldiers stand full fairly for the day. Exeunt. Alarum. Enter Falstaff solus. Fal. Though I could scape shot-free at London, I fear the shot here
trikes his head.] And thy dear judgment out! Go, go, my people. Alb. My lord, I am guiltless, as I am ignoran
F EPHESUS. Ay, ay, he told his mind upon mine ear. Beshrew his hand, I scarce could understand it. LUCIANA. Spake he so doubtfully thou could'st not feel his
 is willing to come for half wages so as to learn the business." "What is the name of this obliging youth?" asked Sherlock Holmes. "His name is Vincent Spaulding, and he's not such a yo
as heaven ordinant. I had my father's signet in my purse, which was the model of that Danish seal; Folded the writ up in the form of th' other, Subscrib'd
me? We'll mend our dinner here. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Master, if you do, expect spoon-meat, or bespeak a long spoon. AN
 from hence, And then 'twas fresh in murmur- as, you know, What great ones do the less will prattle of- That he did seek the love of fair
RGILIA. O the gods! COMINIUS. I'll follow thee a month, devise with the Where thou shalt rest, that thou mayst hear of us, And we o
topped suddenly, and was staring with a look of absolute amazement at a paper upon the table. It was the sheet upon which I had s
ng more interesting than his pipe to study." An instant later our door opened, and a tall young man entered the room. He was well but quietly dressed in a dark-gray suit, and carried a b
 minds of all Should be shut up-hear what Ulysses speaks. Besides the applause and approbation The which, [To AGAMEMNON] most mighty, for thy place and sway, [
-covered note-book. The outside was rough and worn, the leaves discoloured. On the first page were written the i
onshire or not." "That's so," said Baskerville. "By the way, Dr. Mortimer, who is this Barrymore, anyhow?" "He is the son of t
t which company Will not be friendly to. SUFFOLK. I wish your Highness A quiet night, and my good mistress will Remember in my prayers. KING. Charles, good night. 
n. If, sir, perchance She have restrain'd the riots of your followers, 'Tis on such ground, and to such wholesome end, As clears her from all blame. Lear. My c
o mark it as a police-boat?" "Yes,--that green lamp at the side." "Then take it off." The small change was made, we stepped on board, and the ropes were cast off. J
e, As I would buy thee, view thee limb by limb. HECTOR. O, like a book of sport thou'lt read me o'er; But there's more in me than thou understand'st. Why dost thou so oppress me with thine eye?
one penance for contemning Love, Whose high imperious thoughts have punish'd me With bitter fasts, with penitential groans, With nightly t
and distinct warning of Miss Stapleton, delivered with such intense earnestness that I could not doubt that some grave and deep reason lay behind it. I resisted all pressu
pon me; teach me, Alcides, thou mine ancestor, thy rage; Let me lodge Lichas on the horns o' th' moon, And with those hands that grasp'd the heaviest club Subdue my worthiest self. The witch 
-and what are you doing but killing him?" "It's truth he says," remarked one of the men. "By Gar! you'd best hurry yourselves!" cried the man below. "
, shall shine On all deservers. From hence to Inverness, And bind us further to you. MACBETH. The rest is labor, which is not used for you. I'll be myself the harbinger, an
s mine own That, being a stranger in this city here, Do make myself a suitor to your daughter, Unto Bianca, fair and virtuous. Nor is your firm resolve unknown to me In the pref
r lambs pursu'd by hunger-starved wolves. My sons- God knows what hath bechanced them; But this I know- they have demean'd themse
get my love and service. DESDEMONA. Do not doubt that. Before Emilia here I give thee warrant of thy place, assure thee, If I do vow a friendship, I'll perform it To t
in you longer. I shall communicate with you." "Should you be fortunate enough to solve this problem," said our client, rising. "I have solved it." "Eh? What was that?" "I say that I have
rection, sir, we know whereuntil it doth amount. BEROWNE. By Jove, I always took three threes for nine. COSTARD. O Lord,
could eat these scraps, I dare say. Are you going to bed, Holmes?" "No: I am not tired. I have a curious constitution. I never remember feeling tired b
 town of Croydon. So far, so good! The box is a yellow, half-pound honeydew box, with nothing distinctive save two thumb marks at the left bottom corner. It is filled with rough salt of
r princes! ah, my tender babes! My unblown flowers, new-appearing sweets! If yet your gentle souls fly in the air And be not fix'd in doom perpetual, Hover about me with your airy wings And hear
ed there came a tumultuous rush into the hall, rapid feet clattered up the stair, and an instant later a wild-eyed and frantic young man, pale, dishevelled, and pa
and slipp'ry creatures as Of grave and austere quality, tender down Their services to Lord Timon. His large fortune, Upon his good and gracious nature hanging, Subdues and properties to his 
 hide the body in some hole, Till that the Duke give order for his burial; And when I have my meed, I will away; For this will out, and then I must not stay. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VE
' A thing devised by the enemy. Go, gentlemen, every man unto his charge. Let not our babbling dreams affright our souls; Conscience is but a word that cowards use, Devi
isit. The first impression left by Mrs. Lyons was one of extreme beauty. Her eyes and hair were of the same rich hazel colour, and her cheeks, tho
him, as any woman must. He had neither money nor position--nothing but his beauty and strength and energy--so my father forbade the match. We fled together, were married at Bari, and sold my jewels
n thou gav'st them the rod, and put'st down thine own breeches, [Sings] Then they for sudden joy did weep, And I for sorrow s
less for me to attempt to catch my train. I was feeling drowsy and stupid, partly from my dinner and also from the effects of a long day's work. A cup of c
al of the devil himself. Enter ERPINGHAM Good morrow, old Sir Thomas Erpingham: A good soft pillow for that good white head Were better than a churlish turf
gdom, this confine of blood and breath, Hostility and civil tumult reigns Between my conscience and my cousin's death. HUBERT. Arm
O OF SYRACUSE ABBESS. Most mighty Duke, behold a man much wrong'd. [All gather to see them] ADRIANA. I see two husbands, or mine eyes deceive me. DUKE
, it might well be thrown far from the unfortunate man as he fell. It is possible that I speak as a child, but to me it seems that Willoughby Smith has met his fate by his own hand." Holmes se
 like ambitious Sylla, overgorg'd With gobbets of thy mother's bleeding heart. By thee Anjou and Maine were sold to France; The false revolting Normans thorough thee Disdain to call us 
RIN and TOUCHSTONE CELIA. Didst thou hear these verses? ROSALIND. O, yes, I heard them all, and more too; for some of them had in them more
p in his tears, an 'twere a nettle against May. [Sound a retreat] PANDARUS. Hark! they are coming from the field. Shall we stand up here and see them as they pass
m these would I be gone, Save that to die, I leave my love alone. 67 Ah wherefore with infection should he live, And with his presence grace imp
ssengers than usual. Indeed, from the direction of the Metropolitan Station no one was coming save the single gentleman whose eccentric conduct had drawn my attention. He was a ma
And when 'tis told, O that my heart would burst! The bloody proclamation to escape That follow'd me so near (O, our lives' sweetness! That with the pa
my life what comfort, when I am Dead to my husband? PISANIO. If you'll back to th' court- IMOGEN. No court, no father, nor no more ado With that harsh, noble,
thou hear; For thou shalt know this strong right hand of mine Can pluck the diadem from faint Henry's head And wring the awful sceptre from his fist, We
ce: so we always had a hatful of pennies after a day's work. I still heard all the news from Pondicherry Lodge, and for some years there was no news to hear, except that they were hunting for th
, and brings your froward wives As prisoners to her womanly persuasion. Katherine, that cap of yours becomes you not: Off with that bauble, throw it underfoot. [KAT
ers had stolen out, leaving the door open behind them. It was not yet dawn, and by the light of the lamps they cou
ry bark! Here's to my love! [Drinks.] O true apothecary! Thy drugs are quick. Thus with a kiss I die. Falls. Enter Friar [Laurence], with lanthorn,
her lie; and there this night We'll pass the business privately and well. Send for your daughter by your servant here; My boy shall fetch the scrivener presently. The worst is this, tha
master! TIMON. Have I once liv'd to see two honest men? POET. Sir, Having often of your open bounty tasted, Hearing you were retir'd, your friend
ounded upon the floor." "How long have you been here, doctor?" "Since four o'clock." "Anyone else?" "Yes, the constable here." "And
 warrant you 'tis as well. 'For often have you writ to her; and she, in modesty, Or else for want of idle time, could not again reply; Or fearing else some messenger that might her mind discover, He
ck of cards in my pocket, and I thought that, as we were a partie carrée, you might have your rubber after all. But I see that the enemy's preparations have gone so far that w
th, no, as you may season it in the charge. You must not put another scandal on him, That he is open to incontinency. That's not my meaning. But breathe his faults so quaintly That they 
at he could do without it. But a second consideration struck me. Jonathan Small must have felt that the peculiar appearance of his companion, however much he may have top-coated him, w
?" "Yes, sir, all the windows." "Look here, Barrymore," said Sir Henry, sternly; "we have made up our minds to have the truth out of you, so it will save you trouble to tell it so
vised the police to turn their attention to the South of France. I have already said that I do not believe that the Duchess would encourage so monstrous an acti
eing him, I see my life in death. WARWICK. As surely as my soul intends to live With that dread King that took our state upon Him To free us from his Father's wrathful curse, I do b
 "I am usually an extremely sound sleeper. It has been a standing jest in the family that nothing could ever wake me during the night. And yet somehow on that particular nig
I beg but leave to air this jewel. See! And now 'tis up again. It must be married To that your diamond; I'll keep them. POSTHUMUS. Jove! Once more let me behold it. Is it that Which I left with her?
t to seek him. In the street I met him, And in his company that gentleman. There did this perjur'd goldsmith swear me down That I this day o
priz'd my lady's favour at anything more than contempt, you would not give means for this uncivil rule; she shall know of it, by this hand. Exit MARIA. Go shake your ears. AGUECHEEK. 'Tw
What then?' I asked. "'Come, man, come, only three minutes, or it won't be legal.' "I was half-dragged up to the altar, and before I knew where I was I found myself mumbling re
in Tortive and errant from his course of growth. Nor, princes, is it matter new to us That we come short of our suppose so far That after seven years' siege yet Troy walls stand; S
! Tokay!" He indicated a heavily sealed dust-covered bottle which stood with two high glasses upon a salver. "May I offer you a glass before your journ
llain! See how he has treated me!" She shot her arms out from her sleeves, and we saw with horror that they were all mottled with bruises. "But this is not
 may claim my four years in this country have not been unproductive. I've never shown you my little store. Would you mind stepping in for a moment?" The door of the study opened strai
rge; Just as you left them; all prisoners, sir, In the line-grove which weather-fends your cell; They cannot budge till your release. The King, His brother, and yours, abide 
 infected with my country's love Than when I parted hence, but still subsisting Under your great command. You are to know That prosperously I have attempted, and With bloody passage led your wars eve
uld never else cross me thus. Enter SIR HUGH EVANS like a satyr, ANNE PAGE as a fairy, and OTHERS as the Fairy Queen, fairies, and Hobgoblin; all with
 to south, Austria and France shoot in each other's mouth. I'll stir them to it.-Come, away, away! CITIZEN. Hear us, great kings: vouchsafe awhile to stay, And I shall show you peac
y behalf along; For by my scouts I was advertised That she was coming with a full intent To dash our late decree in parliament Touching Ki
 be bound tightly round his head. As we entered he made neither sound nor motion. "The band! the speckled band!" whispered Holmes. I took a step forward. In an instant his strange headgear began
 thence He was much fear'd by his physicians. Wor. I would the state of time had first been whole Ere he by sickness had been visited. His health was
re sight of an official-looking person seals men's lips. These youngsters, however, go everywhere and hear everything. They are as sharp as needles, too; all they want is organisation.
 with your sinful hours Made a divorce betwixt his queen and him; Broke the possession of a royal bed, And stain'd the beauty of a f
d in order to give information against his wealthy uncle?" "I confess, my dear Watson, that that does not appeal to me as a very proba
 very well trust him.' "'It's a dirty business,' the other answered. 'Yet, as you say, the money would save our commissions handsomely.' "'Well, Small,' said the major,
me source. He denied strenuously having ever seen Mr. Neville St. Clair and swore that the presence of the clothes in his room was as much a mystery to him as to the police
r, how we have perform'd Our Roman rites: Alarbus' limbs are lopp'd, And entrails feed the sacrificing fire, Whose smoke like incense doth perfume the sky. Remaineth nought but to inte
ee a nature but infected, A poor unmanly melancholy sprung From change of fortune. Why this spade, this place? This slave-like habit and these looks of care? Thy flatt
ere one of the factors which had to be taken into account in reconstructing this drama--" "I came back--" "I
too unruly deer, he breaks the pale, And feeds from home; poor I am but his stale. LUCIANA. Self-harming jealousy! fie, beat it hence. ADRIANA. Un
ad rather give his carcass to my hounds. HERMIA. Out, dog! out, cur! Thou driv'st me past the bounds Of maiden's patience. Hast thou slain him, t
 and rest Come to thy heart as that within my breast! Rom. O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied? Jul. What satisfac
 to the quick. If he but blench, I know my course. The spirit that I have seen May be a devil; and the devil hath power T' assume a pleasing shape; yea, and perhaps Out of my weakness 
s and daunted us by their silent company. We talked little, and I for one was glad when the meal was over and we were able to retire into the moder
come, so shall I taste At first the very worst of fortune's might. And other strains of woe, which now seem woe, Compared with loss of thee, will not seem so. 91 Some glory
LINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. Since unlike many other Project Gutenberg-tm etexts, this etext is copyright protected, and since the materials and methods you use wil
om fair Jessica? LORENZO. I must needs tell thee all. She hath directed How I shall take her from her father's house; What gold and jewels she is fur
is; Then thou, fair sun, which on my earth dost shine, Exhal'st this vapour-vow; in thee it is. If broken, then it is no faul
e killed--and what are you doing but killing him?" "It's truth he says," remarked one of the men. "By Gar! you'd best hurry yourselves!" cried the man below. "The windows are all lighting up, and you
aintance tell. For thee, against my self I'll vow debate, For I must ne'er love him whom thou dost hate. 90 Then hate me when thou wilt, if
Mrs. Hudson. As I entered I saw, it is true, an unwonted tidiness, but the old landmarks were all in their place. There were t
Of every wind that blows. CAMILLO. Then list to me. This follows, if you will not change your purpose But undergo this flight: make for Sicilia, And there present yourself and your fa
opened, and a tall, gaunt woman entered the room. "Mrs. Toller!" cried Miss Hunter. "Yes, miss. Mr. Rucastle let me out when he came back before he went up to you. Ah, miss, it is 
rt,' I shrieked, thrusting the box before him. 'Let the high God judge between us. Choose and eat. There is death in one and life in the other. I shall take what you leave. Let us see if t
refore, friends, As far as to the sepulchre of Christ- Whose soldier now, under whose blessed cross We are impressed and engag'd to fight- Forthwith a power of English shall we levy
And in the witness of his proper ear, To call him villain; and then to glance from him To th' Duke himself, to tax him with injustice? Take him hence; to th' rack with
EU. Lady, of that I have made a bold charter; but, I thank my God, it holds yet. Re-enter CLOWN CLOWN. O
 in a mining camp and wandered through woods or mountains, so that her education has come from Nature rather than from the schoolmaster. She is what we call in England a tomboy, with a strong 
istake; And what poor duty cannot do, noble respect Takes it in might, not merit. Where I have come, great clerks have purposed To greet me wi
bloodstains upon the sill gave little promise that he could save himself by swimming, for the tide was at its very highest at the moment of the tragedy. "And no
 He leaves his pledges dearer than his life. Farewell, Lavinia, my noble sister; O, would thou wert as thou tofor
elp me this once, that France may get the field. [They walk and speak not] O, hold me not with silence over-long! Where I was wont to feed you with my blood, I'll lop a member
r? LEONTES. O, she's warm! If this be magic, let it be an art Lawful as eating. POLIXENES. She embraces him. CAMILLO. She hangs about his neck. If she perta
 least good manners-as not thus to suffer A man of his place, and so near our favour, To dance attendance on their lordships' pleasures, And at the door too, li
be possible for you to present in that compact form which is dear to your heart. It covers two continents, concerns two groups of mysterious persons, and is further complicated by the highly re
 meet any obligations." "What about Archie Swindon?" asked a brother. "He has sold out and left the district. The old devil left 
was evidently that in which Mr. Melas had found himself. The inspector had lit his lantern, and by its light we could see the two doors, the curtain, the lamp, and the suit of Jap
inct of animals feeling that some mischief was intended, had lashed out, and the steel shoe had struck Straker full on the forehead. He had already, in spite of the rain, taken 
et us teach our trial patience, Because it is a customary cross, As due to love as thoughts and dreams and sighs, Wishes and tears, poor Fancy's follow
 and for noses; Bugle bracelet, necklace amber, Perfume for a lady's chamber; Golden quoifs and stomachers, For my lads to give their dears; Pins and poking-sticks of steel- What maids l
'st thou, ha? To pray for her? What, is she crying out? LOVELL. So said her woman; and that her suff'rance made Almost each pang a death. KING. Alas, good lady! SUFFOLK. God safely quit her o
ase God. Ha, the Prince and Monsieur Love! I will hide me in the arbour. [Hides.] Enter Don Pedro, Leonato, Claudio. Music [within]. Pedro. Come, shall we hear this music? Claud. Yea, my good 
od hare-finder and Vulcan a rare carpenter? Come, in what key shall a man take you to go in the song? Claud. In mine eye she is the sweetest lady that ever I look'd on. Bene. I can se
e was fix'd, Fast'ned ourselves at either end the mast, And, floating straight, obedient to the stream, Was carried towards Corinth, as we thought. At length the sun, gazing upon the ea
. Next he drew forth a pair of boots. "American, as you perceive," he remarked, pointing to the toes. Then he laid upon the table a long, deadly, sh
tion, and was apparently fairly flush of money. For seven dollars a week paid in advance he was to have board and lodging. So it was that McMurdo
 a mean. <Exit ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. A trusty villain, sir, that very oft, When I am dull with care and melancholy, Lightens my humour with his merry jests. What, will you walk with me about 
little scores of my own to settle with Mr. John Clay," said Holmes. "I have been at some small expense over this matter, which I shall ex
s my letters Before did satisfy you. If you'll patch a quarrel, As matter whole you have not to make it with, It must not be with this. CAESAR. You praise yourself By laying defects of judgment to me
Yet, a barful strife! Whoe'er I woo, myself would be his wife. SCENE V. OLIVIA'S house Enter MARIA and CLOWN MARIA. Nay, either tell me where thou hast been, or I wi
azing. However, our conjectures were set at rest by a visit from Stapleton himself that very afternoon. He had come to offer apologies for his rudeness of the morning, and after a long private
, I think, should we encounter As often as we eat. By th' elements, If e'er again I meet him beard to beard, He's mine or I am his. 
l enough for a swine; 'tis pretty; it is well. JAQUENETTA. Good Master Parson, be so good as read me this letter; it was given me by Costard, and sent me from Don Armado. I beseech you read it. H
ughter was of a good, amiable disposition, but affectionate and warm-hearted in her ways, so that it was evident that with her fair p
 body in some hole, Till that the Duke give order for his burial; And when I have my meed, I will away; For this will out, and
maintained his impenetrable reserve until the end of our journey. It was a September evening, and not yet seven o'clock, but the day had been a dreary one, and a dense drizzly fog lay l
R. Bosko chimurcho. SECOND LORD. Boblibindo chicurmurco. FIRST SOLDIER. YOU are a merciful general. Our General bids you answer to what I shall ask yo
ght when a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man, came up to my rooms and asked me to accompany him in a cab which was waiting at the door. A Greek friend had come to see him upon busines
o make a virtue of necessity, And live as we do in this wilderness? THIRD OUTLAW. What say'st thou? Wilt thou be of our consort? Say 'ay' and be the captain of us all. We'l
 father? PEDANT. Ay, sir; so his mother says, if I may believe her. PETRUCHIO. [To VINCENTIO] Why, how now, gentleman! Why, this is flat knavery t
otes, dotes in idolatry, Upon this spotted and inconstant man. THESEUS. I must confess that I have heard so much, And with Demetrius thought to have spoke thereof; But, being over-full o
r thee hence; and let them fight that will, For I have murdered where I should not kill. Exit with the body KING HENRY. Sad-hearted men, much overgone with care, Here sits 
I had to carry out my job, and I came to the coal valleys. When I reached this place I learned that I was wrong and that
l equally anxious to hear it, so kindly read it aloud to us." It appeared from its position in the paper to have been the one event of importance in town, 
 now. What sport to-night? CLEOPATRA. Hear the ambassadors. ANTONY. Fie, wrangling queen! Whom everything becomes- to chide, to laugh, To weep; whose every passion fully strives To make itself in the
t and even reputations." Holmes had looked annoyed, but his brow cleared, and he clapped me on the shoulder. "Well, well, my dear fellow, be it so. We have shared the same room for some ye
e clay outside and on the dust within. Then I had a way of checking my calculation. When a man writes on a wall, his instinct leads him to write about the level of his own eyes. Now that writ
 Come!' "'What then?' I asked. "'Come, man, come, only three minutes, or it won't be legal.' "I was half-dragged up to the altar, and before I knew where I was I found myself mumbling responses
oof to act as a screen against the weather. My heart leaped within me as I saw it. This must be the burrow where the stranger lurked. At last my foot was on the threshold of his hiding place--his sec
h fear to be of any assistance to him. A sudden thought struck him, however, and he ran through the hall door and round to the lawn upon which the long French windows open. One side 
n Ebrew Jew. Gads. As we were sharing, some six or seven fresh men sea upon us- Fal. And unbound the rest, and then come in the other. Prince. What, fought you with them all? Fal
ck is dead! You can do nothing. For God's sake, go back!" After some persuasion upon the stairs Mrs. Douglas had gone back. She did not scream. She made no outcry whatever. Mrs. Allen, 
roper men: Goodly and gallant shall be false and perjur'd From thy great fail. Come, fellow, be thou honest; Do thou thy master's bidding; when thou seest him, A 
ne. GLOUCESTER. The curse my noble father laid on thee, When thou didst crown his warlike brows with paper And with thy scorns drew'st rivers
. What, what, sweetheart? BERTRAM. O my Parolles, they have married me! I'll to the Tuscan wars, and never bed her. PAROLLES. France is a dog-hole, and it no more merits The tread 
any hundreds of cases to which I have never alluded, nor was it caused by any waning interest on the part of my readers in the singular personality
ve not been inquir'd after; I have sat here all day. Enter ISABELLA DUKE. I do constantly believe you. The time is come even now. I shall crave your forbearance a l
at. If he be so resolved, I can o'ersway him, for he loves to hear That unicorns may be betray'd with trees, And bears with glasses, elephan
 was clear to me that never for one instant did Holmes forget the shadow which lay across him. In the homely Alpine villages or in the lonely mountain passes, I could tel
 little, Watson, I don't doubt that the affair will grow more intelligible." So it proved; for in the morning I found my friend standing on the hearthrug with his back to the fire and a smile
ne but to meet the Duke, villain; do not say they be fled. Germans are honest men. Enter SIR HUGH EVANS EVANS. W
e gaols and let out the prisoners. CADE. Fear not that, I warrant thee. Come, let's march towards London. Exeunt SCENE IV. Londo
d troth, Strain'd purely from all hollow bias-drawing, Bids thee with most divine integrity, From heart of very heart, great Hector, wel
 dispatched, accordingly, in the troopship Orontes, and landed a month later on Portsmouth jetty, with my health irretrievably ruined, but with permission from a paternal government to spend the 
I persisted. "Well, well!" said Holmes, impatiently. "A good cyclist does not need a high road. The moor is intersected with paths and the moon was at the full.
how I went. I guess it will haunt me forever. "It was a lonely house, twenty miles from here, over the range yonder. I was told off for the door, same as you were last night. They cou
's daughter, her cousin, so loves her, being ever from their cradles bred together, that she would have followed her exile, or have died to stay behind her. She is at the
t struck home, being gentle wounded craves A noble cunning. You were us'd to load me With precepts that would make invincible The heart that conn'd them. VIRGILIA. O heavens! O hea
t rebel-like, Sought to be king o'er her. Kent. O, then it mov'd her? Gent. Not to a rage. Patience and sorrow strove Who should express her goodliest. You have seen Sunshine and rain at once
 lights together And overshine the earth, as this the world. Whate'er it bodes, henceforward will I bear Upon my target three fair shining suns. RICHARD. Nay, bear thr
it PUCK. A stranger Pyramus than e'er played here! Exit FLUTE. Must I speak now? QUINCE. Ay, marry, must you; for you must understand he goes but to see a noise that he heard, and is to come again
British Medical Journal after breakfast, I heard a ring at the bell, followed by the high, somewhat strident tones of my old companion's voice. "Ah, my dear Watson," said he, striding 
there and went out to dine. When I returned he was gone. I was anxious to hurry my work, for I knew that Joseph--the Mr. Harrison whom you saw just now--was in town, and that he would tra
eath of yours my sails Must fill, or else my project fails, Which was to please. Now I want Spirits to enforce, art to enchant; And my ending is despair Unl
him, and bury me the next. [They put MUTIUS in the tomb] LUCIUS. There lie thy bones, sweet Mutius, with thy friends, Till we with 
Death, that hath ta'en her hence to make me wail, Ties up my tongue and will not let me speak. Enter Friar [Laurence] and the County [Paris], with Musicians. Friar. Come, is the bri
 we don't get some help down there." In rapid succession we passed through the fringe of fashionable London, hotel Londo
 of his, who forgot all about it for some days." "That was it," said Holmes, nodding approvingly; "I have no doubt of it. But have you never been prosecuted for begging?" "Many tim
 the Romans' bane.' LORD. Nay, be not angry, sir. POSTHUMUS. 'Lack, to what end? Who dares not stand his foe I'll be his friend; Fo
 five thousand welcomes. But, sirrah, how did thy master part with Madam Julia? LAUNCE. Marry, after they clos'd in earnest, they parted very fairly in jest. SPEED. But shall she marry him? L
 Polixenes; which had been done But that the good mind of Camillo tardied My swift command, though I with death and with Reward did threaten and encourage him, Not doing i
ut in it shares some woe, though the main part Pertains to you alone. MACDUFF. If it be mine, Keep it not from me, quickly let me have it. ROSS. Let not your ears despise my tongue forever, Which 
t dogs are these? Where is the rascal cook? How durst you villains bring it from the dresser And serve it thus to me that love it not? There, 
ady to direct these home alarms. Exeunt SCENE 2. London. The DUKE OF LANCASTER'S palace Enter JOHN OF GAUNT with the DUCHESS OF GLOUCESTER GAUNT. Alas, the par
ld not produce. Of course, you will say: 'Why not take police precautions against him?' the reason is that I am well convinced that it is from his agents the blow would fall. I have the best proo
ugged and narrow footpath which led to the mountains. Two dark jagged peaks loomed above them through the darkness, and the defile w
nd here the maiden, sleeping sound, On the dank and dirty ground. Pretty soul! she durst not lie Near this lack-love, this kill-courtesy. Churl,
 not off. Guil. My lord, we were sent for. Ham. I will tell you why. So shall my anticipation prevent your discovery, and your secrecy to the King and Queen moult no feather. I have of late- but wh
at be all the difference in his love, I'll get me such a colour'd periwig. Her eyes are grey as glass, and so are mine; Ay, but her forehead's low, and mi
ard you were saucy at my gates, and allow'd your approach rather to wonder at you than to hear you. If you be not mad, be gone; if you have reason, be brief; 'tis not that time of moon with me
ned stone steps and little groups of aproned women gossiping at the doors. Halfway down, Lestrade stopped and tapped at a door, which was opened by a small servan
zing moon So many horrid ghosts. O, now, who will behold The royal captain of this ruin'd band Walking from watch to watch, from tent to tent
 are remarkably small. So intractable and fierce are they that all the efforts of the British official have failed to win them over in any degree. They have always been a terror to shipwrecked c
let them coin his cheeks. I'll not pay a denier. What, will you make a younker of me? Shall I not take mine ease in mine inn but I shall have my pocket pick'd? I have lost a seal-ring o
rrible To enter human hearing, from Argier Thou know'st was banish'd; for one thing she did They would not take her life. Is not this true? ARIEL. Ay, 
 people, seeking means To pluck away their power; as now at last Given hostile strokes, and that not in the presence Of dreaded justice, but on the minist
uldst do so, I think, should we encounter As often as we eat. By th' elements, If e'er again I meet him beard to beard, He's mine or I am his. Mine emulation Hath not that honour in'
. My sweet Patroclus, I am thwarted quite From my great purpose in to-morrow's battle. Here is a letter from Queen Hecuba, A token from her daughter, my fa
 much surprised and interested on glancing down to observe that, though the boots which she was wearing were not unlike each other, they were really odd ones; the one having a slightly
far as ever from unravelling the mystery of his death. Indeed, it becomes not simpler but stranger." "Perhaps," said Holmes, thoughtfully, "perhaps." He relapsed into a 
was the son Of Edmund Mortimer, who married Philippe, Sole daughter unto Lionel Duke of Clarence; So, if the issue of the elder son Succeed before the younger, I am King. WARWICK
 and as Lord St. Simon has no property of his own save the small estate of Birchmoor, it is obvious that the Californian heiress is not the only gainer by an alliance which will enable her to ma
h your crystal tresses in the sky And with them scourge the bad revolting stars That have consented unto Henry's death! King Henry the Fifth, too famous to live l
and wondering lazily who my friend's noble correspondent could be. "Here is a very fashionable epistle," I remarked as he entered. "Your morning letters, if I remember righ
leisure a brief span To keep your earthly audit; sure, in that I deem you an ill husband, and am glad To have you therein my companion. WOLSEY. Sir, For holy offices I have a time; a 
 knots. That and a tooth-brush are, I think, all that we need." At Waterloo we were fortunate in catching a train for Leatherhead, where we hired a trap a
h ACT I. SCENE 1. Westminster Abbey Dead March. Enter the funeral of KING HENRY THE FIFTH, attended on by the DUKE OF BEDFORD, Regent of France, the D
tone of one who awakens a sleeper. "Can't you hear me, Holmes?" There was a rustling, as if he had shaken the sick man roughly by the shoulder. "Is that you, Mr. Smith?
eet for rebellion and such acts as yours. Most shallowly did you these arms commence, Fondly brought here, and foolishly sent hence. Strike up our drums, pursue the scatt'red stray. God, and not w
ng slave is this! SECOND LORD. Y'are deceiv'd, my lord; this is Monsieur Parolles, the gallant militarist-that was his own phrase-that had the whole theoric of war in the knot of his scarf,
 man's wisdom In the restoring his bereaved sense? He that helps him take all my outward worth. Doct. There is means, madam. Our foster nurse of nature is repose, The which he lacks. That to provoke
 a point. As to the knife, it might well be thrown far from the unfortunate man as he fell. It is possible that I speak as a child, but to me it seems that Willoug
allege no cause. 50 How heavy do I journey on the way, When what I seek (my weary travel's end) Doth teach that case and that repose to say 'Thus far the miles are measured
mpets flourish thus? CHIRON. Belike, for joy the Emperor hath a son. DEMETRIUS. Soft! who comes here? Enter NURSE, with a blackamoor CHILD NURSE. Good morrow, lords. O, tell me, did you see Aaron
well sure of it. Lie not a night from home; watch me like Argus; If you do not, if I be left alone, Now, by mine honour which is yet mine own, I'll have that doctor for mine bedf
several compliments, Mr. Moriarty,' said I. 'Let me pay you one in return when I say that if I were assured of the former eventuality I would, in the interests of th
e ope the door, That so my sad decrees may fly away And all my study be to no effect? You are deceiv'd; for what I mean to do See here in bloody lines I have set down; And what is written shal
 Descend! Brother, I say! Enter Edgar. My father watches. O sir, fly this place! Intelligence is given where you are hid. You have now the good advantage of the night. Have you not
merest blind." "But why could he not tell you this?" "Well, my dear sir, knowing the vindictive character of his old associates, he was trying to hide his own identity from everybody
 possibly simple disposition, anxious to be friendly to all men. Anyone could pick him at once as gregarious in his habits and communicative in hi
port, Sever themselves and madly sweep the sky, So at his sight away his fellows fly; And at our stamp here, o'er and o'er one falls; He murder cries, and help from Athens calls. Their sense thus we
s wooden pin the deeper into the sticky bank. When we brought our launch alongside he was so firmly anchored that it was only by throwing the end of a rope over his shoulders that we were able to
you should know all. I have already explained the relationship in which I stood to the Tregennis family. For the sake of the sister I was friendly with the brothers. There was
my honest friend; Who, but for staying on our controversy, Had hoisted sail and put to sea to-day. This chain you had of me; can you deny it? ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. I think I had; I never did deny
he affairs of men Which taken at the flood leads on to fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life Is bound in shallows and in miseries. On suc
ken it. To whom would the thief take it? To one of several international spies and secret agents, whose names are tolerably familiar to me. There are thre
ce, and I leave to be If I be not by her fair influence Foster'd, illumin'd, cherish'd, kept alive. I fly not death, to fly his deadly doom: Tarry I here, I but attend on death; But fly I hence, I
I will arm me, being thus forewarn'd. They shall have wars and pay for their presumption. But say, is Warwick friends with Margaret? MESSENGER. Ay, gracious sovereign; they are so link'd in frien
 You shall stay too. I would I had the power To say so to my husband. SICINIUS. Are you mankind? VOLUMNIA. Ay, fool; is that a shame? Note but this, fool: Was not a man my 
ce was discovered I at once called a roll of the whole establishment, boys, masters, and servants. It was then that we ascertained that Lord Saltire had not 
h moe ministers than we That draw his knives i' th' war. Well, I will find him; For being now a favourer to the Briton, No more a Brito
 to Cordelia- The battle done, and they within our power, Shall never see his pardon; for my state Stands on me to defend, not to debate. Exit. Scene II. A field between the two camp
les's South African gold. Through the gateway we passed into the avenue, where the wheels were again hushed amid the leaves, and the old trees shot their branches in a sombre tunnel over our
es me one. Anyhow I went. I guess it will haunt me forever. "It was a lonely house, twenty miles from here, over the range yonder. I was told off for the door, same as you were last n
ve recover'd-desire it not. Fare ye well at once; my bosom is full of kindness, and I am yet so near the manners of my mother that, upon the least occasion more, mine eyes will tell tales of me. I 
e, Lucius, 'Twill vex thy soul to hear what I shall speak; For I must talk of murders, rapes, and massacres, Acts of black night, abominable deeds, Complots of misc
 aliis. King. Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. Moreover that we much did long to see you, The need we have to use you did provoke Our hasty sending. Something have you hea
titution. Put your ears down to my mouth. The treasure is hidden in--At this instant a horrible change came over his expression; his eyes stared wildly, h
 No richer in return. TIMON. Is't true? Can't be? FLAVIUS. They answer, in a joint and corporate voice, That now they are at fall, want treasure, cannot Do what they would, are sorry- you ar
knock! Pray you come in: I would not for half Troy have you seen here. Exeunt TROILUS and CRESSIDA PANDARUS. Who's there? What's the matter? Wi
, doth not every earthly thing Cry shame upon her? Could she here deny The story that is printed in her blood? Do not live, Hero; do not ope thine eyes; For, did I think thou
with a kind o' mocking laugh, she ran out of the room. "'Well, from that time Sarah hated me with her whole heart and soul, and she is a woman who can hate, too. I was a fool to let h
d it better in thy youth Than in a nuncio's of more grave aspect. VIOLA. I think not so, my lord. DUKE. Dear lad, believe it, For they shall yet belie thy happy years Tha
She is desperate here. A peevish self-will'd harlotry, One that no persuasion can do good upon. The Lady speaks in Welsh. Mort. I understand thy looks. That pretty Welsh W
ng her husband's property." Holmes was lost in thought for some time. "Well," said he, at last, "I suppose I shall have to come out and have a look at it." Stanley 
s, More goddess-like than wife-like, such assaults As would take in some virtue. O my master! Thy mind to her is now as low as 
one, and away he went into the station. Only just as he was leaving he turned round and he said: 'It might interest you to know that you have been driving Mr. Sherlock Holmes.' That's how I come to 
 heads Have their round haunches gor'd. FIRST LORD. Indeed, my lord, The melancholy Jaques grieves at that; And, in that kind, swears you do more usurp Than doth your brother that hath banis
That starts i' th' way before thee. VIRGILIA. O the gods! COMINIUS. I'll follow thee a month, devise with the Where thou shalt rest, that thou mayst hear of us, And we of 
a fresh weapon among the many with which he waged his life-long battle against crime. On referring to my notes I see that it was upon the 14th of April that 
 At last, having collected enough to keep life in him, he departed for Europe, and tracked his enemies from city to city, working his way in any menial capacity, but never overtaking the fugitives. W
asked for a holiday from my employers, and spent the time in begging in the City under my disguise. In ten days I had the money and had paid the deb
lds, Let shame say what it will. When these are gone, The woman will be out. Adieu, my lord. I have a speech of fire, that fain would blaze But that this fo
on your linoleum just where the light strikes it. No, thank you, I had some supper at Waterloo, but I'll smoke a pipe with you with pleasure." I handed 
's pocket before we catch the criminal?" "Well, well, it was worth thinking over. Then there is another obvious point. The note was sent to William. The man who wr
e coroner have been at some pains," said he, "to single out the very strongest points in the young man's favour. Don't you see that you alt
ear it. Hot. Nay, then I cannot blame his cousin king, That wish'd him on the barren mountains starve. But shall it be that you, that set the crown Upon
ion. If he distaste it, let him to our sister, Whose mind and mine I know in that are one, Not to be overrul'd. Idle old man, That still would manage those authorities That he hath given away! N
vil incardinate. DUKE. My gentleman, Cesario? AGUECHEEK. Od's lifelings, here he is! You broke my head for nothing; and that that did, I was set on to do't by Sir Toby. VIOLA. Wh
is eyes. Corn. Leave him to my displeasure. Edmund, keep you our sister company. The revenges we are bound to take upon your traitorous father are not fit for your behold
l dance, men witb women, a lofty strain or two to the hautboys, and cease TIMON. You have done our pleasures much grace, fair ladies, Set a fair fashion 
" "Is a tall man, left-handed, limps with the right leg, wears thick-soled shooting-boots and a grey cloak, smokes Indian cigars, uses a cigar-holder, and carries a blunt pen-knife in his pocke
Acquaint my daughter no further with anything you know than comes from her demand out of the letter. If your diligence be not speedy, I shall be there afore you. Kent. I will not sleep, my 
d Sir John Falstaff. Fal. Now, Hal, what time of day is it, lad? Prince. Thou art so fat-witted with drinking of old sack, and unbuttoning thee after supper, and sleeping upon benches after
to remember the order of the houses here. It is a hobby of mine to have an exact knowledge of London. There is Mortimer's, the tobacconist, the little newspaper shop, the Cobu
im highly, And shall continue our graces towards him. By your leave, hostess. Exeunt. SCENE VII Macbeth's castle. Hautboys and torches. Enter a Sewer and divers Servants with dishes and service
t by the elderly Cornish housekeeper, Mrs. Porter, who, with the aid of a young girl, looked after the wants of the family. She readily answered all Holmes's questions. She had hea
lids had begun to quiver, and now a pair of vacant, grey eyes looked up at us. An instant later the man had scrambled on to his feet, his face crimson with shame. "Forg
 I hope that by Monday we may come to a conclusion." "Well, Watson," said Holmes when our visitor had left us, "what do you make of it all?" "I make nothing of it," I answered frankly. "It is a most 
eth thus amazedly? Come,sisters, cheer we up his sprites, And show the best of our delights. I'll charm the air to give a sound, While you perform your antic round, That this great King m
 carpet. Let us take the little table first. Of course, what has happened is very clear. The man entered and took the papers, sheet by sheet, from the central ta
e you go to bed; Prepare her, wife, against this wedding day. Farewell, My lord.- Light to my chamber, ho! Afore me, It is so very very late That we may call it early by-and-
ss Be strew'd before your feet! ANTONY. Let us go. Come. Our separation so abides and flies That thou, residing here, goes yet with me, And I, hence fleeting, here remain with thee. Away! Exeunt
e love. FLUELLEN. Your Grace does me as great honours as can be desir'd in the hearts of his subjects. I would fain see the man that has but two legs that shall find hims
 queen. I am his cupbearer; If from me he have wholesome beverage, Account me not your servant. LEONTES. This is all: Do't, and thou hast the one half of my heart; Do't not, thou split'st thine own.
otorious knave, some scurvy fellow. O heaven, that such companions thou'ldst unfold, And put in every honest hand a whip To lash the rascals naked through the w
Northumberland, I hold thee reverently. Break off the parley; for scarce I can refrain The execution of my big-swol'n heart Upon that Clifford, that cruel child-killer. CLIFFORD. I sl
e how this bears upon the matter. Yet it is evidently a document of importance. It has been kept carefully in a pocket-book; for the one side is as clean as the other." "It was in h
iscovered upon Sir Charles's person, and though the doctor's evidence pointed to an almost incredible facial distortion--so great that Dr. Mortimer refused at first to believe that it was indee
the leading article, is really one of the most remarkable things which I have ever known. How did you do it?" "I presume, Doctor, that you could tell the skull of a negro from that of
 are, I know it will excuse This sudden execution of my will. And so conduct me where, from company, I may revolve and ruminate my grief. Exit GLOUCESTER. Ay, grief, I fear me, b
is true! The accident which brought me to her eye Upon the moment did her force subdue, And now she would the caged cloister fly. Religious love put out religion's eye. Not to be tempted
s like loaden branches bow to th' earth, Willing to leave their burden. Reach a chair. So-now, methinks, I feel a little ease. Didst thou not tell me, Griffith, as thou le
ill; For hither we have broken in by force. NORFOLK. We'll all assist you; he that flies shall die. YORK. Thanks, gentle Norfolk. Stay by me, my lords; And, soldiers, stay and lodge by me this night
dfather; but yet no coward, Hal. Prince. Well, we leave that to the proof. Poins. Sirrah Jack, thy horse stands behind the hedge. When thou need'st him, there thou shalt f
ll of regard and honor. BRUTUS. He is not doubted. A word, Lucilius, How he received you. Let me be resolved. LUCILIUS. With courtesy and with respect enough, But not with such 
 sleep! KING. Your oath is pass'd to pass away from these. BEROWNE. Let me say no, my liege, an if you please: I only swore to study with your Grace, And stay here in your court fo
eceived a letter by the afternoon post yesterday. The envelope was destroyed by him." "Excellent!" cried Holmes, clapping the Inspector on the back. "You've seen the postman. It is a ple
two days for you. You should be ashamed of yourself!" "So I am. But you've got mixed, Watson, for I have only been here a few hours, three pipes, four pipes--I fo
ealed our approach, and crouching behind it we gazed over it at the signal light. It was strange to see this single candle burning there in the middle of the moor, wi
 attended by a Moor; Well shalt thou know her by thine own proportion, For up and down she doth resemble thee. I pray thee, do on them some violent death; They have been viole
?" he cried, laughing. "Yes, I have been guilty of several monographs. They are all upon technical subjects. Here, for example, is one 'Upon the Distinction between the Ashes of the Vario
e as hard as a board," I answered. "Quite so. They are in a state of extreme contraction, far exceeding the usual rigor mortis. Coupled with this distortion of the face, this Hippocratic smile, or '
fty and savage animal who has heard the steps of the hunters. Something had evidently aroused his suspicions. It may have been that Barrymore had some private signal which we had neglected t
g as he has liquor and good pay, why should he ask questions? They send him messages what to do. No, I thought over every possible course, and this is the best." While this conversation had been
 and slave! MESSENGER. Let me endure your wrath, if't be not so. Within this three mile may you see it coming; I say, a moving grove. MACBETH. If thou speak'st false, Upon the next tree shalt thou ha
et to no result; and from that day to this no word has ever been heard of my unfortunate father. He came home with his heart full of hope, to find some peace, some comfort, and instead--" Sh
ugh that open window could reach the front doorstep by taking a long stride. This was clearly what the burglar had done, so I went round and opened the door. Stepping out into the dar
 loungers in the other, while a number of better-dressed people, who had watched the scuffle without taking part in it, crowded in to help the lady and to attend to the injured 
 LEONTES. A callat Of boundless tongue, who late hath beat her husband, And now baits me! This brat is none of mine; It is the issue of Polixenes. Hence with it, and together with the dam Commit
ore ducats! TUBAL. There came divers of Antonio's creditors in my company to Venice that swear he cannot choose but break. SHYLOCK. I am very glad of it; I'll plague him, I'll torture
roper man. I'll be at charges for a looking-glass, And entertain a score or two of tailors To study fashions to adorn my body. Since I am crept in favour with myself, I will maintain it with some lit
r throws before thy seat An humble heart. Kneels. CAESAR. I must prevent thee, Cimber. These couchings and these lowly courtesies Might fire the blood of ordinary men And turn preordinance and fi
 speed to England For the demand of our neglected tribute. Haply the seas, and countries different, With variable objects, shall expel This something-settled matter in his heart, Whereon his brain
turn lamenting to my love. Shine out, fair sun, till I have bought a glass, That I may see my shadow as I pass. Exit SCENE 3. London. The palace Enter QUEEN ELIZABETH, LORD RIVERS, and LORD GREY R
n unexpected vein of pawky humour, Watson, against which I must learn to guard myself. But in calling Moriarty a criminal you are uttering libel in the eyes of the law--and there lie the glory and th
 Glend.] Within that space you may have drawn together Your tenants, friends, and neighbouring gentlemen. Glend. A shorter time shall send me to you, lords; And in my conduct shall your ladies 
 I was the criminal?" "I did not know who you were, but I was determined to find out." "Excellent, Watson! And how d
 Sholto. Your friend can remain.--What do you think of this, Holmes? Sholto was, on his own confession, with his brother la
 honest man should have he has nothing. SECOND LORD. I begin to love him for this. BERTRAM. For this description of thine honesty? A pox
 months, my lord. Ham. So long? Nay then, let the devil wear black, for I'll have a suit of sables. O heavens! die two months ago, and not forgotten yet? Then there's hope a great man's memo
 place some distance from the KING. The BISHOPS place themselves on each side of the court, in manner of consistory; below them the SCRIBES. The LORDS sit next 
 speak as small as you will. BOTTOM. An I may hide my face, let me play Thisby too. I'll speak in a monstrous little voice: 'Thisne, Thisne!' [Then speaking small] 'Ah Pyramus, my lover d
 their swords, take him up in their arms and cast up their caps] O, me alone! Make you a sword of me? If these shows be not outward, which of you But is four Volsce
 their truth by Troilus, when their rhymes, Full of protest, of oath, and big compare, Want similes, truth tir'
 which deposed Childeric, Did, as heir general, being descended Of Blithild, which was daughter to King Clothair, Make claim and title to the crown of France. Hugh Cape
AARON. To whom? NURSE. I mean she is brought a-bed. AARON. Well, God give her good rest! What hath h
ABIAN. More matter for a May morning. AGUECHEEK. Here's the challenge; read it. I warrant there's vinegar and pepper in't. FABIAN. Is't so saucy? A
AGRIPPA] He were the worse for that, were he a horse; So is he, being a man. AGRIPPA. [Aside to ENOBARBUS] Why, Enobarbus, When Antony found Julius Caesar dead, He cried almost
BROKE. Why, Bishop, is Norfolk dead? CARLISLE. As surely as I live, my lord. BOLINGBROKE. Sweet peace conduct his sweet soul to th
CBETH. Tomorrow, as he purposes. LADY MACBETH. O, never Shall sun that morrow see! Your face, my Thane, is as a book where men May read strange m
ESTER. Vouchsafe to wear this ring. ANNE. To take is not to give. [Puts on the ring] GLOUCESTER. Look how my ring encompasseth thy finger, Eve
FFOLK. Lady, wherefore talk you so? MARGARET. I cry you mercy, 'tis but quid for quo. SUFFOLK. Say, gentle Princess, would you not suppose 
IOLA. I am a messenger. OLIVIA. Sure, you have some hideous matter to deliver, when the courtesy of it is so fearful. Speak your office. VIOLA. It alone concerns y
NTINE. Even she; and is she not a heavenly saint? PROTEUS. No; but she is an earthly paragon. VALENTINE. Call her 
ULINA. Pray you, then, Conduct me to the Queen. GAOLER. I may not, madam; To the contrary I have express commandment. PAULINA. Here's ado, to lock up honesty and honour from Th' acces
arried men, for thus sings he: 'Cuckoo; Cuckoo, cuckoo'- O word of fear, Unpleasing to a married ear! WINTER When icicles hang by the wall, And Dick the shepherd blows his nail, And Tom bears 
brother's death, And shall that tongue give pardon to a slave? My brother killed no man-his fault was thought, And yet his punishment was bitter death. Who sued to me for him? Who, i
e thee know The hate I bare thee made me leave thee so? HERMIA. You speak not as you think; it cannot be. HELENA. Lo, she is one of
ellario? NERISSA. From both, my lord. Bellario greets your Grace. [Presents a letter] BASSANIO. Why dost thou whet thy knif
ence is, Yet who knows not conscience is born of love? Then gentle cheater urge not my amiss, Lest guilty of my faults thy sweet self prove. For thou betraying me, I do betray My n
hat the soldiers used always to lose and the civilians to win. Mind, I don't say that there was anything unfair, but so it was. These pri
he spur; Yet he spurs on. Now they are almost on him. Now, Titinius! Now some light. O, he lights too. He's ta'en [Shout.] And, hark! They shout for joy. CASSIUS. Come down; be
is the love; As little is the wisdom, where the flight So runs against all reason. ROSS. My dearest coz, I pray you, school yourself. But fo
know the glove is a glove. WILLIAMS. I know this; and thus I challenge it. [Strikes him] FLUELLEN. 'Sblood, an arrant traitor as any's in the universal world, or in France, or in
nothing shall be pleas'd till he be eas'd With being nothing. [The music plays] Music do I hear? Ha, ha! keep time. How
ove to take thy father for mine; so wouldst thou, if the truth of thy love to me were so righteously temper'd as mine is to thee. ROSALIND. Well, I will forget the condition
r into the carriage. She fought her way out again. I took her part, got her into a cab, and here we are. I shan't forget th
roborated, if it needed corroboration, by every detail which we see before us." He walked to the French window and threw it open. "There are no signs here, but the ground is iron hard, and one wo
stress how The case stands with her; do't as from thyself. Think what a chance thou changest on; but think Thou hast thy mistress still; to boot, my son, Who shal
that this too too solid flesh would melt, Thaw, and resolve itself into a dew! Or that the Everlasting had not fix'd His canon 'gainst se
thyself rebellion to thyself; And better conquest never canst thou make Than arm thy constant and thy nobler parts Against these giddy loo
to the gate and sounded my whistle. That brought Murcher and two more to the spot." "Was the street empty then?" "Well, it was, as far as anybody that cou
: Apollo be my judge! FIRST LORD. This your request Is altogether just. Therefore, bring forth, And in Apollo's name
. Leon. Her mother hath many times told me so. Bene. Were you in doubt, sir, that you ask'd her? Leon. Signior Benedick, no
s Queen AN OLD LADY, friend to Anne Bullen PATIENCE, woman to Queen Katharine Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Lords and
d as if he had tried to hold her off with it. We've got it all clear as if we had seen it." Holmes raised his eyebrows. "And yet you have s
e being now at hand- thou shalt soon feel, to thy cold comfort, for being slow in thy hot office? CURTIS. I prithee, good Grumio, tell me how goes the world? GRUMIO. A cold world, Curtis, in eve
d face, saw us close to him, and pulled up, springing from his machine. That coal-black beard was in singular contrast to the pallor of his face, and his eyes 
, it was proclaimed damsel. COSTARD. This was no damsel neither, sir; she was a virgin. KING. It is so varied too, for it was
t of your special knowledge that Mr. Holmes desired to see you. He has a high opinion of you and thought that you were the one man in London who could help him." The l
f that isn't clear, what could be clear? Here is a young man who learns suddenly that if a certain older man dies he will succeed to a fortune. What does he do? He says nothing to 
n the least concern him. I had no idea of the lengths to which this would carry him, until the merest accident opened my eyes to i
w those things you found about her, those secret things- all but what she has with her. This being done, let the law go whistle;
e tongue; there's two tongues.' Thus did she an hour together transshape thy particular virtues. Yet at last she concluded with a si
e were particular rites in Vermissa of which they were proud, and these had to be undergone by every postulant. The assembly met i
a woman that I loved?" "I should say not." "He can't object to my worldly position, so it must be myself that he has this down on. What has he against me? I never hurt man or woman in my life that 
say she looks as clear As morning roses newly wash'd with dew. Say she be mute, and will not speak a word; Then I'll commend her volubility, And say s
me with flowers to strew his lady's grave; And bid me stand aloof, and so I did. Anon comes one with ligh
ved the transverse bar. Then he tried the various keys in the lock, but without success. No sound came from withi
Well, I will be there. Exit HERALD My Nell, I take my leave- and, master sheriff, Let not her penance exceed the Kin
'll nor sell nor give him; lend you him I will For half a hundred years. Summon the town. MARCIUS. How far off lie these armies? MESSENGER. Within this mile an
ot in thy care. Go, I charge thee, invite them all; let in the tide Of knaves once more; my cook and I'll provide. Exeunt SCENE V. The Senate House
at thou hast marr'd, That will I make before I let thee go. GLOUCESTER. Wert thou not banished on pain of death? QUEEN MARGARET. I was; but I do find more pa
d? Verg. O, a stool and a cushion for the sexton. Sex. Which be the malefactors? Dog. Marry, that am I and my partner. Verg. Nay, tha
t, and the high gods, To do you justice, make their ministers Of us and those that love you. Best of
ur honour, I am the poor Duke's constable, and my name is Elbow; I do lean upon justice, sir, and do bring in here before your good honour two no
ng she has utterly vanished. Is she alive? Has she perhaps met her end on the same night as the friend whom she had summon
he stables in the dead of the night and took out Silver Blaze. For what purpose? For a dishonest one, obviously, or why should he drug his own stable-boy? And yet I was at a loss
ve suffered With those that I saw suffer! A brave vessel, Who had no doubt some noble creature in her, Dash'd all to pieces! O, the cry did knock Against my very hear
om the direction in which the plume of smoke indicated the position of Merripit House, but the dip of the moor had hid her unt
Of their friends' gift? I should fear those that dance before me now Would one day stamp upon me. 'T has been done: Men shut their doors against a setting sun. The LORDS rise
to which Drebber answered that he would be back on the platform before eleven, and made his way out of the station. "The moment for which I had w
st which the rude wind Blows in your face! I fear your disposition. That nature which contemns it origin Cannot be bordered certain in itself. She that herself will sliver and disbr
or, When with his solemn tongue he did discourse To love-sick Dido's sad attending ear The story of that baleful burning night, When subtle Greeks surpris'd King Priam's Troy. Tel
rbed and troubled, while his clothes were disarranged and untidy. He had evidently come with the intention of consulting with Sherlock Holmes, for on perceiving his colle
 She had a commission from her father in the City, and was dashing in as she had done many a time before, with all the fearlessness of yo
 'mildly.' Pray you let us go. Let them accuse me by invention; I Will answer in mine honour. MENENIUS. Ay, but mildly. CORIOLANU
Mr. Holmes." Holmes replaced the bill in his note-book. "If you prefer a public explanation it must come sooner or late
ER. I had rather than forty shillings I had my Book of Songs and Sonnets here. Enter SIMPLE How, Simple! Where have you been? I must wait on myself, must 
ne? Marg. I say my prayers aloud. Balth. I love you the better. The hearers may cry Amen. Marg. God match me with a good dancer
ame Rachel, but was disturbed before he or she had time to finish. You mark my words, when this case comes to be cleared up you will find that a woman named Rachel has something to do wi
and THURIO DUKE. Sir Thurio, fear not but that she will love you Now Valentine is banish'd from her sight. THURIO. Since his exil
nce of the night we could hear the panting and clanking of their machinery. The man in the stern still crouched upon the deck, and his arms were moving as though he were busy, while 
 an office in Leadenhall Street--and--" "What office?" "That's the worst of it, Mr. Holmes, I don't know." "Where did he live, then?" "He slept on the premises." "And you don
ir, their hats are pluck'd about their ears, And half their faces buried in their cloaks, That by no means I may discover them By any mark of favor. B
who was a much older man, was more agreeable. He was a dark, sallow, clean-shaven, silent person; but he had polite manners and a pleasant sm
for which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me? Beat. For them all together, which maintain'd so politic a state of evil that the
, farewell. Ant. Farewell, my lords. We look for you to-morrow. Pedro. We will not fall. Claud. To-night I'll mourn with Hero. [Exeunt Don Pedro and Claudio.] Leon. [to the Watch] Bring you these fel
 And speaking thick, which nature made his blemish, Became the accents of the valiant; For those who could speak low and tardily Would turn their own perfe
 created, Till nature as she wrought thee fell a-doting, And by addition me of thee defeated, By adding one thing to my purpose nothing. But since she pricked thee 
e Than they whom youth and ease have taught to glose; More are men's ends mark'd than their lives before. The setting su
ine, 'twas Helen's, Whoever gave it you. Then, if you know That you are well acquainted with yourself, Confess 'twas hers, and by what rough enforcement You got it from her.
your dispositions, if You had not show'd them how ye were dispos'd, Ere they lack'd power to cross you. CORIOL
upon his right shirt-sleeve, but he pointed to his ring-finger, which had been cut near the nail, and explained that the bleeding came from there, add
d up louder and louder, a hoarse yell of pain and fear and anger all mingled in the one dreadful shriek. They say that away down i
lics of my adventure," said he, "but beyond that I can hardly see what use the disjecta membra of my late ac
 you shall be ours. Natures of such deep trust we shall much need; You we first seize on. Edm. I shall serve you, sir, Truly, however else. Glou. For him I thank your Grace. Corn. 
y of their flight their scanty store of provisions began to run out. This gave the hunter little uneasiness, however, for there was game to be had among the mountains, a
dges which he wielded in a sudden and arbitrary way. Only once did McMurdo see him, a sly, little gray-haired rat of a man, with a slinking gait and a sidelong glance which was charged wit
hich would help the reader to exactly identify the college or the criminal would be injudicious and offensive. So painful a scandal may well 
abide the smell of hot meat since. Why do your dogs bark so? Be there bears i' th' town? ANNE. I think there are, sir; I heard them talk'd of. SLENDER. I love the sport well; but I shall as
ll me, and I will answer. My next is 'Most fair Pyramus.' Heigh-ho! Peter Quince! Flute, the bellows-mender! Snout, the tinker! Starveling! God's my life, stol'n hence, and left me asleep! I have 
oo against mine honour, aught, My bond to wedlock or my love and duty, Against your sacred person, in God's name, Turn me away and let the 
 tear with thunder the wide cheeks o' th' air, And yet to charge thy sulphur with a bolt That should but rive an oak. Why dost not speak? Think'st thou it honoura
, Mr. Turner made his money." "Yes, certainly." "Thank you, Miss Turner. You have been of material ass
home, and since then hardly a day has passed that we have not seen something of the brother and sister.
n. He could not tell which contained his treasure. Only by breaking them could he see. Even shaking would tell him nothing, for as the plaster was wet it was probable that t
eming earth Is with a kind of colic pinch'd and vex'd By the imprisoning of unruly wind Within her womb, which, for enlargement striving, Shakes the old beldame earth and topples down Ste
blind, an't please your Grace. WIFE. Ay indeed was he. SUFFOLK. What woman is this? WIFE. His wife, an't like your worship. GLOUCES
s, and have given ourselves without scruple to hell, that ever the devil could have made you our delight? FORD. What, a hodge-pudding?
r said that he was, and that the King was an usurper. SUFFOLK. Who is there? [Enter servant] Take this fe
 it be well used. Exclaim no more against it. And, good lieutenant, I think you think I love you. CASSIO. I have well approved it, sir. I drunk! IAG
Thanks for that. There the grown serpent lies; the worm that's fled Hath nature that in time will venom breed, No teeth for the present. Get thee
. Were half to half the world by th' ears, and he Upon my party, I'd revolt, to make Only my wars with him. He is a lion That I am proud to hunt. FIRST SENATOR. Then, worthy Marcius, Attend 
r with the man. The more I looked at his fat, frightened face, the harder did it seem that we should slay him in cold blood. It was best to get it over. "'Take him to the main guard,' said I. The
d have their throats cut for their pains. Besides, it was my life or his when once he was in the fort. If he had got out, the whole business would come to light, a
ry ill. MRS. FORD. Nay, I'll ne'er believe that; I have to show to the contrary. MRS. PAGE. Faith, but you do, i
strating the value of a fresh weapon among the many with which he waged his life-long battle against crime. On referring to my notes I see that it was upon 
ARD. Knight, knight, good mother, Basilisco-like. What! I am dubb'd; I have it on my shoulder. But, mo
st, Nor that full star that ushers in the even Doth half that glory to the sober west As those two mourning eyes become thy face: O let it then as well beseem thy heart To mourn for me since mour
 heaven as we love it, But as we stand in fear- JULIET. I do repent me as it is an evil, And take the shame with joy. DUKE. There rest. Your partner, as I hear, must die to-morrow, And I am going wit
oth-for he is equal rav'nous As he is subtle, and as prone to mischief As able to perform't, his mind and place Infecting one another, yea, reciprocally- Only 
 at his long letters," he said. "They hardly rise above the common herd. That d might be an a, and that l an e. Men of character always differentiate their long l
n front of the window with his hands in his pocket, whistling a popular hymn. Both of them nodded to Ferrier as h
n here, their lives and thine Were not revenge sufficient for me; No, if I digg'd up thy forefathers' graves And hung their rott
nd left their leaders to their council. "Now, McMurdo!" said McGinty when they were alone. The seven men sat frozen in their seats. "I said just now that 
aiment, to my petticoat; Or what you will command me will I do, So well I know my duty to my elders. KATHERINA. Of all thy suitor
nis. It was now daylight, but the household was not yet stirring. You drew some of the gravel from your pocket, and you threw it up 
is, see where it lies, Yet what the best is, take the worst to be. If eyes corrupt by over-partial looks, Be anchored in the bay where all men ride, Why of eyes' falsehood hast tho
 yours, which is entirely meretricious, depending as it does upon your retaining in your own hands some factors in the problem which are never imparted to the reader. Now, at present I am 
sh-land, with pools of stagnant water and beds of decaying vegetation. The launch with a dull thud ran up upon the mud-bank, with her bow in the air and her stern flush wi
603 ALLS WELL THAT ENDS WELL by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae KING OF FRANCE THE DUKE OF FLORENCE BERTRAM, Count of Rousillon LA
ieve I ever will again until I get past all waking. Sometimes it's his face, but most generally it's hers. I'm never without one or the 
as or what he wanted was as obscure as ever. It was the severity of Holmes's manner and the fact that he slipped a revolver
? Either thou art most ignorant by age, Or thou wert born a fool. Camillo's flight, Added to their familiarity- Which was as gross as ever touch'd conjecture, That l
re I was. She was about to renew her entreaties when a door slammed overhead, and the sound of several footsteps was heard upon the stairs. She list
h, tempt not a desp'rate man. Fly hence and leave me. Think upon these gone; Let them affright thee. I beseech thee, youth, But not another sin upon my head By urging me to fury. O, be gone!
oy." "Exactly! exactly!" said Holmes. "The secretary came back and told his employer of the woman he had met. Then in hi
ess with their fear That arrows fled not swifter toward their aim Than did our soldiers, aiming at their safety, Fly from the field. Then was that noble Worcester
 as they would have done, but a good half hour after the event." "And how do you propose to prove all this?" "Well, if there were an outsider, he may be traced and taken. That would be the most ef
belwhite, who had come out there as an indigo-planter, wanted an overseer to look after his coolies and keep them up to their work. He happened to be a friend of our colonel's, who h
Pool, and that she was afraid that they were going to fight. She had hardly said the words when young Mr. McCarthy came running up to the lodge to say that he had foun
hy tongue, thy face, thy limbs, actions, and spirit, Do give thee five-fold blazon. Not too fast! Soft, soft! Unless the master were the
. He shall not live. KING JOHN. Enough! I could be merry now. Hubert, I love thee. Well, I'll not say what I 
erest. Unique, perfectly unique, and yet why not? I do not see any indications of bleeding on the line." "There were hardly any." "But I understand that there was a considerab
et him now and be it in the morn, When every one will give the time of day, He knits his brow and sh
gone, Mr. Holmes. They went by the last train. The lady broke away, and I've got her in a cab downstairs." "Excellent, Warner!" cried Holmes, springing to 
 rather a broad idea," I remarked. "One's ideas must be as broad as Nature if they are to interpret Nature," he answered. "What's the matter? You're not looking quite yourself.
d swiftly here and there over Europe to throw off the pursuers and finally returned to this house, which he had taken upon his first arrival in England. "But here also the ministers 
lowly and point by point developed his singular narrative. "If you were to search all England," said he, "I don't suppose you could find a household more self-contained or free fr
en's eyes shall lie, Your monument shall be my gentle verse, Which eyes not yet created shall o'er-read, And tongues to be, your being shall rehearse, When all the breathers
Let fancy still my sense in Lethe steep; If it be thus to dream, still let me sleep! OLIVIA. Nay, come, I prithee. Would thou'dst be rul'd by me! SEBASTIAN. Madam, I will. OLIVIA
of having their houses guarded. After a time they were able to relax these measures, for nothing was either heard or seen of their opponent,
 view; in their thick breaths, Rank of gross diet, shall we be enclouded, And forc'd to drink their vapour. IRAS. The gods forbid! CLEOPAT
g. One of these two must be necessities, Which then will speak, that you must change this purpose, Or I my life. FLORIZEL. Thou dearest Perdita, With these forc'd t
er denial, that she must know something of the matter. "My first conjecture was, that possibly there had been some passages between t
and ROBIN] This news distracts me. PISTOL. [Aside] This punk is one of Cupid's carriers; Clap on more sails; pursue; up with your fights; Give fire; she is my prize, or
 of them at the cottage. And now, Watson, I think that, perhaps, we shall be better employed elsewhere." It may be that the polic
I recalled the pains and the pride with which I had composed them. Holmes took a bundle of papers from his pocket. "Here are your reports, my dear fellow, and very well t
r- a sound, but not in government. THESEUS. His speech was like a tangled chain; nothing im paired, but all dis
well aware that nothing but business of importance would have brought him to me at such an hour, so I waited patiently until he should come round to it. "I see that you are professionally 
It ran 'Please, please, as you are a gentleman, burn this letter, and be at the gate by ten o'clock.'" I thought that she had fainted, but she recovered herself by a supreme effort. "Is the
 room. "Any news, Mr. Holmes, any news?" he cried. "I have some hopes." "Ah, thank heaven!" His face became radiant. "The Prime Minister i
 Yes, that thou didst. Didst thou see anything? LUCIUS. Nothing, my lord. BRUTUS. Sleep again, Lucius. Sirrah Claudio! [To Varro.]
f the wood Enter OBERON OBERON. I wonder if Titania be awak'd; Then, what it was that next came in her eye, Which she must dote on in extremity. Enter PUCK Here comes m
r him with all the art I have, To pluck proud Lucius from the warlike Goths. And now, sweet Emperor, be blithe again, And bury all thy fear in my devices. SATURNINUS. 
f nineteen and two and twenty hunt this weather? They have scar'd away two of my best sheep, which I fear the wolf will sooner find than the master. If any where I have them, 'tis by the sea-side,
ore never, never Must I behold my pretty Arthur more. PANDULPH. You hold too heinous a respect of grief. CONSTANCE. He talks to me that never h
on the one night when he had a guest. They had him alone at their mercy every other night in the week." "Then wh
 publisher of this pretence. DUKE. Upon mine honour, he shall never know That I had any light from thee of thi
it o'errun the stew: laws for all faults, But faults so countenanc'd that the strong statutes Stand like the forfeits in a barber's shop, As much in mock as mark. ESCALUS. Slander to
 work, And these mine enemies are all knit up In their distractions. They now are in my pow'r; And in these fits I leave them, while I visit Young Ferdi
What is it, madam?" "Is my husband's political career likely to suffer through this incident?" "Well, madam, unless 
tice? What, shall one of us, That struck the foremost man of all this world But for supporting robbers, shall
R. That shall you, and take your leave of all your friends. [Unmuffling him] So look about you; know you any here? BERTRAM. Good morrow, noble Captain. FIRST LORD. God bless you, Capta
 it in more shame be further spoken That you are fool'd, discarded, and shook off By him for whom these shames ye underwent? No! yet time serves
n peace; Be thou as lightning in the eyes of France; For ere thou canst report I will be there, The thunder
. He had been as keen as any of them upon the business until this sudden incident had drawn his thoughts into another channel. The sight of the fair young girl, as frank and wholesome as the S
erefore? Tell true. HELENA. I will tell truth; by grace itself I swear. You know my father left me some 
e our noses with speargrass to make them bleed, and then to beslubber our garments with it and swear it was the blood of true me
ound In Ross and Willoughby, wanting your company, Which, I protest, hath very much beguil'd The tediousness and process of my travel. But theirs is sw
rp my right, Nor hold the sceptre in his childish fist, Nor wear the diadem upon his head, Whose church-
illars; after them, side by side, the two CARDINALS, WOLSEY and CAMPEIUS; two NOBLEMEN with the sword and mace. Then enter the KING and 
very unlike Holmes's usual precise hand. It was consigned to Mr. Abe Slaney, Elrige's Farm, East Ruston, Norfolk. "I think, inspector," Holmes remarked, "
ranged, Mr. Holmes. I wrote to the Duchess this morning." "In that case," said Holmes, rising, "I think that my friend and I can congratulate ourselves upon several most happy results from our li
. Enter the Prince [and Attendants]. Prince. What misadventure is so early up, That calls our person from our 
ory's well. THURIO. Farewell. Exeunt THURIO and MUSICIANS Enter SILVIA above, at her window PROTEUS. Madam, good ev'n to your ladyship. SILVIA. I thank you for your music, gentlemen. Who is that 
ESTER. How? YORK. Little. PRINCE. My Lord of York will still be cross in talk. Uncle, your Grace knows how to bear with him. YORK. You
 means that it is all over," Holmes answered. "And perhaps, after all, it is for the best. Take your pistol, 
ur lordship shall along. Come, good Sir Thomas, We shall be late else; which I would not be, For I was spoke to, with Sir Henry Guildford, This nig
st wretched, That have my heart parted betwixt two friends, That does afflict each other! CAESAR. Welcome hither. Your letters did withhold our breaking forth, 
s I recalled the pains and the pride with which I had composed them. Holmes took a bundle of papers from his pocket. "Here are your reports, my 
f we no more meet till we meet in heaven, Then joyfully, my noble Lord of Bedford, My dear Lord Gloucester, and my good Lord Ex
y experience that my companion's brain was so abnormally active that it was dangerous to leave it without material upon which to work. For years I had gradually weaned him from th
ot introduce you to Mr. Culverton Smith, since I understand that you met somewhat earlier in the evening. Have you the cab below? I will follow you when I am dressed, 
cle, give me your hands; nay, dry your eyes: Tears show their love, but want their remedies. Cousin, I am too young to be your father,
and prabbles, and quarrels, and dissensions, and, I warrant you, it is the better for you. WILLIAMS. I will none of your money. FLUELLEN. It is with a good will; I can tell you it will s
convey'd unto the Tower. And go we, brothers, to the man that took him To question of his apprehension. Widow, go you along. Lor
 were gentle Brutus. Within the bond of marriage, tell me, Brutus, Is it excepted I should know no secrets That appertain to you? Am I yourself But, as it were, in sort or limitation, To kee
handed in to Garcia upon the evening of his death. We may put aside this idea of Baynes's that Garcia's ser
palace Enter THURIO, PROTEUS, and JULIA as SEBASTIAN THURIO. Sir Proteus, what says Silvia to my suit? PROT
ake it but a shadow, as I am. SILVIA. I am very loath to be your idol, sir; But since your falsehood shall become you well To worship shadows and adore false shapes, Send to me 
lled to mind that he had mentioned to us that his brother and he were twins. "This is terrible!" I said to Holmes. "What is to be done?" "The door must come down," he
do too; look thee, I'll but lean, and my staff understands me. SPEED. It stands under thee, indeed. LAUNCE. Why, stand-under and under-stand i
d battle for their dens, Poor harmless lambs abide their enmity. Weep, wretched man; I'll aid thee tear for tear; And let our h
ven of us. I tried here and tried there, but there were lots of other chaps on the same lay as myself, and it was a perfect frost for a long time. I had been taking three pounds a week at
The Duke yet would have dark deeds darkly answered; he would never bring them to light. Would he were return'd! Marry, this Claudio is 
r. Stapleton would not let it go unless he had reason to think that Sir Henry would be there." "My difficulty is the more formidable 
o the affair.' "'Not so fast,' said I, growing colder as he got hot. 'I must have the consent of my three comrades. I tell you that it is four or none with us.' "'Nons
place. WINCHESTER. Do what thou dar'st; I beard thee to thy face. GLOUCESTER. What! am I dar'd and bearded to my face? Draw, men, for all this privileged pl
rds. PANDARUS. You speak your fair pleasure, sweet queen. Fair prince, here is good broken music. PARIS. You have broke it, cousin; and by my life, you shall ma
 JAMES BLOUNT SIR WALTER HERBERT SIR WILLIAM BRANDON SIR ROBERT BRAKENBURY, Lieutenant of the Tower CHRISTOPHER URSWICK, a priest LORD
was dead, and that she blessed the hand which had struck him down. It was a terrible household that Black Peter Carey had made for himself, and it was with a sens
ion Was tim'd with dying cries. Alone he ent'red The mortal gate of th' city, which he painted With shunless destiny; aidless came off, And with a sudden re-
mour that she made (Unless things mortal move them not at all) Would have made milch the burning eyes of heaven And passion in the gods.' Pol. Look, whe'r he has not turn
to a marriage with so charming a young lady as this Miss Turner." "Ah, thereby hangs a rather painful tale. This fellow is madly, insanely, in love with her, but some two years ago, when he 
e lamp and led the way down the corridor. Twice he struck at the chamber door without any reply from within. Then he turned the handle
et me know what you were planning, for I would have told you that your pains were wasted." "Ha!" said Holmes, looking keenly at her. "It is clear that Mrs. 
heir toes-yoke you like draught oxen, and make you plough up the wars. ACHILLES. What, what? THERSITES. Yes, good sooth. To Achilles, to Ajax, to
ople to visit the spot recently. "It had been used for the storage of wood, but the billets, which had evidently been littered over the floor, were now piled at the sides, so as t
osite to what thou justly seem'st- A damned saint, an honourable villain! O nature, what hadst thou to do in hell When th
leave awhile? GURNEY. Good leave, good Philip. BASTARD. Philip-Sparrow! James, There's toys abroad-anon I'll tell thee more. Exit GURNEY Madam, I was not old Sir Robert's
son, my lord? Glou. His breeding, sir, hath been at my charge. I have so often blush'd to acknowledge him that now I am braz'd to't. Kent. I cannot conceive you. Glou. Sir, this youn
ger of kibes? Lear. Ay, boy. Fool. Then I prithee be merry. Thy wit shall ne'er go slip-shod. Lear. Ha, ha, ha! Fool. S
. Nay, he's a flower, in faith- a very flower. Wife. What say you? Can you love the gentleman? This night you shall behold him at our feast. Read o'er the volume of young Paris' face, And find deligh
edified; Here none but soldiers and Rome's servitors Repose in fame; none basely slain in brawls. Bury him where you can, he 
thly That you shall hate it both. Therefore take heed, As Hymen's lamps shall light you. FERDINAND. As I hope For quiet days, fair issue, and long life, 
e are or what their object can be. If their intentions are evil they might do you a mischief, and we should be powerles
 the treasure where the key is, and where little Tonga is. When I saw that your launch must catch us, I put the loot away in a safe place. There are no ru
t of business which I bear i' th' state; and nature does require Her times of preservation, which perforce I, her frail son, amongst my brethren mortal, Must give my tendance 
high a degree, and which it is the object of these papers to illustrate. Some, too, have baffled his analytical skill, and would be, as narra
est no higher. Now, good Sir John, how like you Windsor wives? See you these, husband? Do not these fair yokes Become the forest better than the town? FORD. Now, sir,
ness I listened to him, Watson, for the very chance for which I had been panting during all those months of inaction seemed to have come within my reach. In my inmost heart I believed that I 
 doth fail, One eye thou hast to look to heaven for grace; The sun with one eye vieweth all the world. Heaven, 
 would but apprehend some joy, It comprehends some bringer of that joy; Or in the night, imagining some fear, How easy is a
en he came out. His visit to my room must have been within a very few minutes of my leaving it. His forgetfulness about the key would have mattered little upon any other occa
er thrusts into his hide, Which heavily he answers with a groan, More sharp to me than spurring to his side,
al away. FIRST LORD. There's honour in the theft. PAROLLES. Commit it, Count. SECOND LORD. I am your accessary; and so farewe
l, thou aby it dear. Look where thy love comes; yonder is thy dear. Enter HERMIA HERMIA. Dark night, that from
vident that my friend would be much the better for a change, and the thought of a week of spring time in the country was full of attractions to me also. My old friend, Colonel
ars do spangle heaven with such beauty As those two eyes become that heavenly face? Fair lovely maid, once more good day to thee. Sweet Kate, embr
ter has really quite as much individuality as a man's handwriting. Unless they are quite new, no two of them write exactly alike. Some letters get more worn than others, and some wear only on one si
ou are so very sharp you ought to be sharp enough to know that it is you who are breaking the law now, and not me. I have done nothing actionable from the first, but as long as you keep that
ado to make no stain a stain As passes colouring. Re-enter GAOLER, with EMILIA Dear gentlewoman, How fares our gracious lady? EMILIA. As well 
oyal sir, from thence; from him whose daughter His tears proclaim'd his, parting with her; thence, A prosperou
well, my lord, trust not the Kentish rebels. BUCKINGHAM. Trust nobody, for fear you be betray'd. SAY. The trust 
 moved by that which he told us. Holmes leaned forward in his excitement and his eyes had the hard, dry glitter which shot from them when he was keenly interested. "You saw this?" "
ose, than that which you have placed before us--no suggestive detail which might help us?" "There is one thing," said John Openshaw. He rummaged
ready heard of your meeting with Mrs. Barclay, and your mutual recognition. You then, as I understand, followed her home and saw through the window an alte
he golden head, By the simplicity of Venus' doves, By that which knitteth souls and prospers loves, And by that fire which burn'd the Carthage Queen, When the false Troyan under sail was seen
ither, my lord. Ham. Then you live about her waist, or in the middle of her favours? Guil. Faith, her privates we. Ham. In the secret parts of Fortune? O! most true! she 
IP.>> 1603 ALLS WELL THAT ENDS WELL by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae KING OF FRANCE THE DUKE OF FLORENCE 
Where is it? Had not churchmen pray'd, His thread of life had not so soon decay'd. None do you like but an effeminate prince, Whom like a school-boy you may ov
ve! O loving hate! O anything, of nothing first create! O heavy lightness! serious vanity! Misshapen cha
 Who is as free from touch or soil with her As she from one ungot. DUKE. We did believe no less. Know you that Friar Lodowick that she speaks of? PETER. I know 
ontinent before marriage. They are in the very wrath of love, and they will together. Clubs cannot part them. ORLANDO. They shall be married to-morrow; and I will bid the Duk
e Copper Beeches The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes Silver Blaze The Yellow Face The Stock-Broker's Clerk The "Gloria Scott" The Musgrave Ritual The Reigate Squires The Crooked Man The Reside
eak, sir, For heaven now bids me; and the words I utter Let none think flattery, for they'll find 'em truth. This royal infant-heaven still move abou
. What your own love will out of this advise you, follow. So he wishes you all happiness that remains loyal to his vow, and your increasing in love LEONATUS POSTHUMUS.' O for a horse with wings! He
rds from the end the soil was all ploughed up into a patch of mud, and the branches and ferns which fringed the chasm were torn and bedraggled. I lay upon my face and peered over with t
e To mark me for his friend; yet I protest, For his right noble mind, illustrious virtue, And honourable carriage, Had his ne
t of the obscurity. "To-morrow at midnight," said the first who appeared to be in authority. "When the Whip-poor-Wil
 took bribes of France And, being Protector, stay'd the soldiers' pay; By means whereof his Highness hath lost France. GLOUCESTER. Is it but 
sire her foully for those things That make her good? O, let her brother live! Thieves for their robbery have authority When judges steal themselves. What, do I love her, That I desir
 will give thee memory, Thou by thy dial's shady stealth mayst know, Time's thievish progress to eternity. Look what thy memory cannot contain, Commit to these waste bla
cause they have never heard of it before, they think that such a thing cannot be. But I know that I shall never be ea
nstrous. O that that were out! SPEED. 'And more wealth than faults.' LAUNCE. Why, that word makes the faults gracious. Well, I'
 a wicked world, and when a clever man turns his brains to crime it is the worst of all. I think that I have seen enough now, Miss Stoner, and with you
w, Dr. Huxtable, when you have consumed that milk you will kindly tell me what has happened, when it happ
immed straw hat, with a feather of a brickish red. Her jacket was black, with black beads sewn upon it, and a fringe of little black jet 
w than in anger. Ham. Pale or red? Hor. Nay, very pale. Ham. And fix'd his eyes upon you? Hor. Most constantly. Ham. I would I 
shut out? WINCHESTER. I do, thou most usurping proditor, And not Protector of the King or realm. GLOUCESTER. Stand ba
weeks on end. He has a passion also for Indian animals, which are sent over to him by a correspondent, and he has at this moment a cheetah and a baboon, 
y. He got engaged to her when traveling last winter, and she came down to be introduced to his people, with her brother as esc
 now! Why look'st thou pale? Why tremblest thou? Where is our uncle? What's the matter, Suffolk? SUFFOLK. Dead in his bed, my lord; Gloucester is dead. QUEEN. Marry, God forfend! CARDINAL. Go
 ground. Or wilt thou ride? Thy horses shall be trapp'd, Their harness studded all with gold and pearl. Dost thou love
could do for us. I was already asleep when I was partly awakened by his entrance. "Well, Holmes," I murmured, "have you found anything out?" He stood beside me in silence, his candl
 my girl, and as I was known to be in weak health, it seemed a fine stroke to him that his lad should step into the whole property. But there I was firm. I would not have his curs
 bed. He told me after he had taken the rooms that he would do so and asked me not to bar the door. I heard him come up the stair after midnight." "But his meals?" "I
asking her again after once she had told me what was false. All the rest of the night I tossed and tumbled, framing theory after theor
s, and the whole case is in your hands now--so far as it has been set forth in the public press." "And an exceedingly interesting case it appears to be. I would not have missed it for w
and put him on a chain I'll be ready to swear you are the greatest detective of all time." "I think I will muzzle him and chain him all right if 
ad her spirit in such another! The third o' th' world is yours, which with a snaffle You may pace easy, but not such a wife. ENOBARBUS. 
. It was the toy which he had promised to bring home. "This discovery, and the evident confusion which the cripple showed, made the inspector realise th
hrew open a door which led into a bedroom, through the window of which the moon was shining brightly. "'It is your only chance,' said she. 'It is high, but it may
sionate outburst which revealed the fiery soul which his self-contained manner so cleverly concealed. By encouraging the intimacy he made it certain tha
r. Thou hast nor youth nor age, But, as it were, an after-dinner's sleep, Dreaming on both; for all thy blessed youth Becomes as aged, and doth beg the alms Of palsied eld; a
 I myself have all the other, And the very ports they blow, All the quarters that they know I' the shipman's card. I will drain him d
ou hast no weapon, and perforce must suffer. OTHELLO. Look in upon me then, and speak with me, Or, naked as I am,
? ROSALIND. I am. What must we understand by this? OLIVER. Some of my shame; if you will know of me What man I am, and how, and why,
es not the common people. SECOND OFFICER. Faith, there have been many great men that have flatter'd the people, who ne'er loved them; and there be many that they have love
?" "I'd prefer to walk, for this affair has flurried me rather." "I'll join you in a walk, with pleasure," said his companion. "Then w
find the treasure where the key is, and where little Tonga is. When I saw that your launch must catch us, I pu
nitent trade than your bawd; he doth oftener ask forgiveness. PROVOST. You, sirrah, provide your block and your axe to-morrow four o'clock. ABHORSON. Come on, bawd; I will instruct th
? COSTARD. O Lord, sir, the parties themselves, the actors, sir, will show whereuntil it doth amount. For mine own part, I am, as they say, but t
. 2. Watch. How if they will not? Dog. Why then, let them alone till they are sober. If they make you not then the better a
our redress! Is the Duke gone? Then is your cause gone too. The Duke's unjust Thus to retort your manifest appeal, And put your trial in the villain's mouth Which here you com
of criminals." "The ring, man, the ring: that was what he came back for. If we have no other way of catching him, we can always bait our line with the
thee, Throw up thine eye! See, see what show'rs arise, Blown with the windy tempest of my heart Upon thy wounds, that kills mine eye 
NIUS. Why, 'tis no great matter; for a very little thief of occasion will rob you of a great deal of patienc
s together: Eleven hours I have spent to write it over, For yesternight by Catesby was it sent me; The precedent was full as long a-doing; And yet within these five hours Hastings l
ase. But I mean no offense." "Some inquiries are offensive," Barker answered angrily. "It's only the facts that we want. It is in your interest and everyone's inter
 Our army shall In solemn show attend this funeral, And then to Rome. Come, Dolabella, see High order in this great solemnity. Exeunt THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS O
 crown offered him thrice? CASCA. Ay, marry, wast, and he put it by thrice, every time gentler than other, 
dried neat's-tongue, you bull's sizzle, you stockfish- O for breath to utter what is like thee!- you tailor's yard, you she
lear signs that this will not be wanting if the lady is willing, for I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful neighbour, Miss Staplet
n nothing like this that I can remember. There are some bits that will come home to you, Mr. Holmes, or I am mis
se of troubling Mr. Holmes with trifles of this kind?" "Well, he asked me for anything outside the ordinary routine." "Exactly," said Holmes, "however fo
 going to take, Mr. Phelps--curried fowl or eggs, or will you help yourself?" "Thank you. I can eat nothing," said Phelps. "Oh, come! Try t
e. "I'll tell it ye from the beginning," he said. "My time is from ten at night to six in the morning. At eleven there was a figh
unless in mind; his letter there Will show you his estate. [BASSANIO opens the letter] GRATIANO. Nerissa, cheer
s to the study. Any other way would have been exceedingly complicated. The escape must have also been made along that line, for of the two other exits from the room one was 
; and let him ne'er speak more That speaks thy words again to do thee harm! WILLOUGHBY. Tends that thou wouldst speak to the Duke of Hereford? If it be so, out with it 
 devil of a terrier which has been bad so long, and which the landlady wanted you to put out of its pain yesterday." I went downstairs and carried the
e information as to your house, your habits, and your treasure." The face of our unpleasant little visitor turned as white as his neckcloth. "Heavens, sir, what an idea! I ne
atural son and sire! thou bright defiler Of Hymen's purest bed! thou valiant Mars! Thou ever young, fresh, lov'd, and delicate wooer, Whose blush doth thaw the con
 to bow in the hams. Rom. Meaning, to cursy. Mer. Thou hast most kindly hit it. Rom. A most courteous exposition. Mer. Na
ongs! Shall I endure this monstrous villainy? I know from whence this same device proceeds. May this be borne- as if his traitorous sons That died by la
 ripe until their season; So I, being young, till now ripe not to reason; And touching now the point of human skill, Reason becomes the marshal to my will, And leads me to yo
dently just completed the wedding service, for he pocketed his prayer-book as we appeared and slapped the sinister bride
e spheres intend; Sometime diverted their poor balls are tied To th' orbed earth; sometimes they do extend Their view right on; anon their gazes lend To every pl
 go more to the root of things. What was the letter?" "That is a State secret of the utmost importance, and I fear that I cannot tell you, nor do I see that it is necessary. I
times when he is not Antony, He comes too short of that great property Which still should go with Antony. DEMETRIUS. I am full sorry That he approves the common liar, who Thu
bella. Re-enter DUKE DUKE. Vouchsafe a word, young sister, but one word. ISABELLA. What is your will? DUKE. Might you dispense with your lei
line, for of the two other exits from the room one was blocked by Susan as she ran downstairs and the other leads straight to the 
se over this matter, which I shall expect the bank to refund, but beyond that I am amply repaid by having had an experience which is in many ways 
bering over the wall which leads into Mortimer Street, and immediately whistling for a hansom, in which I heard him drive away. In the morning I obeyed Holmes's injunctions t
r'd to give. It much would please him That of his fortunes you should make a staff To lean upon. But it would warm his spirits To h
your astute judgment would pass a dying man who, however weak, had no rise of pulse or temperature? At four yards, I could deceive you. If I failed to do so, who would bring my Smith 
s grateful to him. "I must apologize for calling so late," said he, "and I must further beg you to be so u
ime in such an oven as the Andamans. His height is readily calculated from the length of his stride, and we know that he was bearded. His hairiness was the one point which impressed itself upon Tha
in the history of the world. One might have thought already that God's curse hung heavy over a degenerate world, for th
abit in my breast, Leave not the mansion so long tenantless, Lest, growing ruinous, the building fall And leave no memory of what it was! Repair me with thy presen
ed when that fell arrest, Without all bail shall carry me away, My life hath in this line some interest, Which for memorial 
t my soul's imaginary sight Presents thy shadow to my sightless view, Which like a jewel (hung in ghastly night) Makes black night beauteou
rings forth the adder And that craves wary walking. Crown him that, And then, I grant, we put a sting in him That a
haste. [Exit Portia.] Lucius, who's that knocks? Re-enter Lucius with Ligarius. LUCIUS. Here is a sick man
own doing the work of the lodge, and it is for us to see that she is not the loser." "Jim was shot last month when they tried to kill Chester Wilcox of Marley Cre
m. Mr. Alec, however, was a dangerous man to play games of that sort with. It was a stroke of positive gen
ciation of the danger which you ran which led me to come down and examine the matter for myself. Had I been 
ll the King at Oxford. DUCHESS. He shall be none; We'll keep him here. Then what is that to him? YORK. Away, fond woman! were he twenty times my son I would appeach him. DUCHE
indoos or Mohammedans. There is no other white man. Therefore we may say with confidence that the wooden-legged man is identical with Jonathan Small. Does the reasoning strike 
ham. It is conjectured that he may have been hurrying down to catch the last train from Waterloo Station, and that 
 broadened; he shrugged his shoulders, removed his overcoat, folded it with great deliberation over the back of a chair, 
ed streets of Rome, And when thou find'st a man that's like thyself, Good Murder, stab him; he's a murderer. Go thou with him, and when
ceive as certain: Where you are liberal of your loves and counsels, Be sure you be not loose; for those you make friends And give your hearts to, when they once perce
e lodger for the male. It is very curious and complex, Watson." "Why should you go further in it? What have you to gain from it?" "What, indeed? It is art for 
ds about; but I am now about no waste; I am about thrift. Briefly, I do mean to make love to Ford's wife; I spy entertainment
hers. I am boy to them all three; but all they three, though they would serve me, could not be man to me; for indeed three such antics do not amount to a man. For
name in the dirt. From crime to crime he sank lower and lower, until it is only the mercy of God which has snatched him from the s
 is fool'd With a most false effect; and I the truer So to be false with her. QUEEN. No further service, Do
lebrities and beauties of the day. Holmes's eyes fixed themselves upon one of them, and following his gaze I saw the picture of a regal and stately lady in Court dress, with
e mystery." "Certainly the incident was unusual. What were your next steps? You examined the room, I presume, to see if the intruder had left any traces--any cigar-end or drop
ents, They summon'd up their meiny, straight took horse, Commanded me to follow and attend The leisure of their answer, gave me cold looks, And meeting here the
rown; Thy hand is made to grasp a palmer's staff, And not to grace an awful princely sceptre. That gold must round engirt these brows of mine, Whose smile and frown, like to Achille
ed. Another experiment which he made was of a more unpleasant nature, and one which I am not likely ever to forget. "You will remember, Watson," he remarked 
ssed down the passage, which was of the same length as that which led to the garden. At the end was a short flight of steps ending
'd about. PEDANT. Alas, sir, it is worse for me than so! For I have bills for money by exchange From Florence, and must here deliver them. TRANIO. Well, sir, to do you courtesy, 
 draw the funds to engage the best legal talent in the state. In ten long years of outrage there had been no single conviction, and the only dang
M. Pulcher. QUICKLY. Polecats! There are fairer things than polecats, sure. EVANS. You are a very simplicity oman; I pray you, peace. What is 'lapis,' W
y necessity of this thought, that I, Your partner in the cause 'gainst which he fought, Could not with graceful eyes attend those wars Which fronted mine own peace. As for my wife, I would 
his soldiers confident. With him along is come the mother-queen, An Ate, stirring him to blood and strife; With her the Lady Blanch of Spain; With t
d that you were only my banker, and bankers never ask questions, you know.' "'If you really mean it, of course you shall have the 
tion, Thou disease of a friend and not himself! Has friendship such a faint and milky heart It turns in less th
I pray the gods make me honest. TOUCHSTONE. Truly, and to cast away honesty upon a foul slut were to put good meat into an unclean dish. AUDRE
hing of horses. Loud as it was, it was not sufficient to rouse the two tired wayfarers above them. At the head of 
ueen and son. One grave shall be for both. Upon them shall The causes of their death appear, unto Our shame perpetual. Once a day I'll visit The chapel where t
e, a true gentleman may swear it in the behalf of his friend. And I'll swear to the Prince thou art a tall fellow of thy hands and that thou wilt not be drunk; but I know th
ture in knowledge, Pawn their experience to their present pleasure, And so rebel to judgment. Enter a MES
they give away, and not their own. Pirates may make cheap pennyworths of their pillage, And purchase friends, and give to cou
ing some conclusion. It would be premature to say more." "Perhaps you would not mind telling me if your suspicions 
ordinary dish the eater would undoubtedly detect it, and would probably eat no more. A curry was exactly the medium which would disguise
ve he is in his bed." "I will see him there." Holmes's cold and inexorable manner showed the secretary that it was useless to argue with him. "Very good, Mr. Holmes; I will tell him that you are h
d, I thought upon one pair of English legs Did march three Frenchmen. Yet forgive me, God, That I do brag thus; this your air of France Hat
int Lambert's day. There shall your swords and lances arbitrate The swelling difference of your settled hate; Since we can not atone you, we shall
 whether he would give in and sign the documents. Again and again I had the same indignant reply. But soon
I was old enough to feel the shame and horror of it all. It has always been said that my father stole all the securities an
." "Didn't you? Well, you can understand it now. You can take it from me that this young lady is mine, and you'll find it a very fine eve
n every way. I speak not as a medical man but as a trustee and executor of Sir Charles's will." "There is no other claimant, I presume?" "None. The only other
uld have me believe. For the moment I could proceed no farther in that direction, but must turn back to that other clue which was to be sought for among the stone huts upon the moor. And that was a 
athered together his joke was always the readiest, his conversation the brightest, and his song the best. He was a born boo
led and soon burnt; carded his state; Mingled his royalty with cap'ring fools; Had his great name profaned with their scorns 
 you, only that our friend who speaks Greek and who began these negotiations has been forced to return to the East. It wa
, Yet not so deeply as to thee belongs, Myself am mov'd to woo thee for my wife. KATHERINA. Mov'd! in good time! Let him that mov'd you hither Remove you hence. I knew you 
en before her. Then enter TALBOT TALBOT. Where is my strength, my valour, and my force? Our English troops retire, I cannot stay them; A woman clad in armour chaseth them. Enter LA 
ss than two feet long. It could very well have fitted into his valise. He could have carried it inside 
d been better you had not kissed your three fingers so oft, which now again you are most apt to play the sir in. Very good. Well kissed! an excellent courtesy! 'tis so, indeed.
et not thy sweet heart on proud array. Tom 's acold. Lear. What hast thou been? Edg. A servingman, proud i
by. She's dead. 'Tis like she comes to speak of Cassio's death. The noise was here. Ha! no more moving? Still as the grave. Shall she co
A thousand men have broke their fasts to-day That ne'er shall dine unless thou yield the crown. WARWICK. If thou deny, their blood upon thy hea
; Return the precedent to these lords again, That, having our fair order written down, Both they and we, perusing o'er these notes, May know wherefore we took the sac
to my cabin. These drums! these trumpets, flutes! what! Let Neptune hear we bid a loud farewell To these great fellows. Sound and be hang'd, sound out! [Sound a flourish, with drums] ENOBARBUS.
ings into a bundle, and I weighted them with the only weight I could find and put them through the window. The card he had meant to lay upon my body was lying beside his own. "My rings were put on hi
brilliant reasoning power would rise to the level of intuition, until those who were unacquainted with his methods would look askance at him as on a man who
ong as we get our man." "I have no desire to make mysteries, but it is impossible at the moment of action to enter into long and complex explanations. I have t
h! FIRST SOLDIER. That shall you, and take your leave of all your friends. [Unmuffling him] So look about you; know you any here? BERTRAM. Good morrow, noble Captain.
once, once more a happy farewell. WARWICK. Farewell, sweet lords; let's meet at Coventry. Exeunt all but the KING and EXETER KING HENRY. Here at the pal
 Those gracious words revive my drooping thoughts And give my tongue-tied sorrows leave to speak. Now therefore be it k
 With the rich worth of your virginity. HELENA. Your virtue is my privilege for that: It is not night when I do see your face, Therefore I think I am not in the night; Nor d
fy the matter. How cheer'st thou, Jessica? And now, good sweet, say thy opinion, How dost thou like the Lord Bassanio's wife? JESSICA. Past all expressing. It is very meet The L
 And here commit you to my Lord Cardinal To keep until your further time of trial. KING HENRY. My Lord of Gloucester, 'tis my special hope That you will cl
 all. Cry, Troyans, cry, A Helen and a woe! Cry, cry. Troy burns, or else let Helen go. Exit HECTOR. Now, youthfu
most dangerous men. One or other would certainly get me. On the other hand, if all the world was convinced that I was 
vision; And back to Athens shall the lovers wend With league whose date till death shall never end. 
d. There had been a man in the room, and he had crossed the lawn coming from the road. I was able to obtain five ve
ours faithfully, "Stanley Hopkins." "Hopkins has called me in seven times, and on each occasion his summons has b
e streets, For, by my soul, I'll ne'er acknowledge thee, Nor what is mine shall never do thee good. Trust to't. Bethink you. I'll not be forswor
h virtue hath my pen) Where breath most breathes, even in the mouths of men. 82 I grant thou wert not married to my muse, And therefore mayst without attaint o'erlook The dedicate
ht dart their injuries: Yet do not so, but since I am near slain, Kill me outright with looks, and rid my pain. 140 Be wise as thou art cruel, do not
no less account. Fain would mine eyes be witness with mine ears To give their censure of these rare 
s, you may see the end; for the best is yet to do; and here, where you are, they are coming to perform it. CELIA. Well, the beginning, that is dead a
he money is paid back again. Fal. O, I do not like that paying back! 'Tis a double labour. Prince. I am good friends with my father, and may do anything. Fal. Rob me the
 crown upon his head. WINCHESTER. God save King Henry, of that name the Sixth! GLOUCESTER. Now, Governor of Paris, take your oath [GOVERNOR kneels] That you elect no other king but him, Esteem n
tainly grows in interest. Unique, perfectly unique, and yet why not? I do not see any indications of bleeding
e professor was lecturing on poisons, and he showed his students some alkaloid, as he called it, which he had extracted from some South American arrow poison, and which was so powerful that the least
 NORFOLK. But, my lord, When returns Cranmer? SUFFOLK. He is return'd in his opinions; which Have satisfied the King for his divorce, Together with all famous colleges Almost in Christendom. Shortly,
ssed us, she turned so white that I feared that she was about to faint. "It is nothing," she said, as I hastened to pour her out some water. "I am all right again. It was a shock to me to hear that I
lieve to be poisoned, was in the man's scalp where you still see the mark; this card, inscribed as you see it, was on
ollowers of repentance, that their souls May make a peaceful and a sweet retire From off these fields, where, wretches, their poor bod
 not compare with an old man. SIR TOBY. What is thy excellence in a galliard, knight? AGUECHEEK. Faith, I can cut a caper. SIR T
ter's governance? Am I a queen in title and in style, And must be made a subject to a duke? I tell thee, Pole, when in the city Tours Thou ran'st a tilt in honour of my love 
t. Run, Lucius, and commend me to my lord; Say I am merry. Come to me again, And bring me word what he doth say to thee. E
d immediately whistling for a hansom, in which I heard him drive away. In the morning I obeyed Holmes's injunctions to the letter. A hansom was procured with such precaution as would prevent i
ushed to the temples. "It's a lie!" he shouted, "an infernal lie!" "Very good. Shall we argue about it here in public or talk it over in your parlor?" "Oh, come in if you
. "Points," he muttered; "the points." "What of it? What do you mean?" "I suppose there are no great number of points on a system such as this?" "No;
e for thy sake. Or else, when thou didst keep my lambs afield, I wish some ravenous wolf had eaten thee. Dost thou deny thy father, cursed drab? O, burn h
I am an humble suitor to your virtues; For pity is the virtue of the law, And none but tyrants use it cruelly. It pleases time and fortune to lie heavy Upon a fr
imself with any investigation which did not tend towards the unusual, and even the fantastic. Of all these varied cases, however, I cannot recall any which presented more singular
r the unhappy merchant Achmet. I have travelled across Rajpootana that I might seek the shelter of the fort at Agra. I hav
the early morning. One realized the red-hot energy which underlay Holmes's phlegmatic exterior when one saw the sudden change which came over him from the moment that he entered the fatal apartmen
 I had well hop'd thou wouldst have denied Beatrice, that I might have cudgell'd thee out of thy single life, to make
shed,' Hath slain ten thousand Tybalts. Tybalt's death Was woe enough, if it had ended there; Or, if sour woe delights in fellowship And needly will be rank'd with other griefs, Why followed
 wife was either very reticent about her husband's past life, or else, as seemed more likely, was imperfectly informed about it. It had also been noted and com
aducement, To hide your doings and to silence that Which, to the spire and top of praises vouch'd, Would seem but modest. Therefore, I beseech you, In sign of what yo
nd follow unacquainted colours here? What, here? O nation, that thou couldst remove! That Neptune's arms, who clippeth thee about, Would bear thee from the knowledge of thyself And gra
the poop- but 'tis in the nose of thee. Thou art the Knight of the Burning Lamp. Bard. Why, Sir John, my face does you no harm. Fal. No, I'll be sworn. I m
 fortunes Do all lie there. It shall be so my care To have you royally appointed as if The scene you play were mine. For instance, sir, That you may know you shall not want- one word. [T
 his bed, and Dr. Willows says that he is a wreck and that his nervous system is shattered. Mr. McCarthy was the only man alive who ha
 laughter. They had waited for their man as he drove home at nightfall, taking their station at the top of a steep hill
wantonly, When summer's breath their masked buds discloses: But for their virtue only is their show, They live unwooed, and unrespected fade, Die to t
enormous plains, which in winter are white with snow, and in summer are grey with the saline alkali dust. They all 
dant-so his case was like, Reft of his brother, but retain'd his name- Might bear him company in the quest of him; Whom whilst I laboured of a love to see, I hazarded the loss of whom I lov'd
rithee speak. We will not trust our eyes Without our ears. Thou art not what thou seem'st. Fal. No, that's certain! I am not a double man; but if I be not Jack Falstaff, then am I 
ve that I've got it!" he cried. "Yes, yes, it must be so. Watson, do you remember seeing any cow-tracks to-day?" "Yes, several." "Where?" "Well, everywhere. They were at the morass, and again on t
 me, but for Heaven's sake, Mr. Holmes, find some way of keeping my poor Mary out of the courts." Holmes for a s
 get on it will be easy to part company," I answered. "It seems to me, Stamford," I added, looking hard at my companion, "that you have some reason for washing your hands of the matter. I
is always toward ourselves, not heaven, Showing we would not spare heaven as we love it, But as we stand in fear- JULIET. I do repent me as it is an evil, And take t
. Let fame, that all hunt after in their lives, Live regist'red upon our brazen tombs, And then grace us in the 
uke. PERCY. My gracious lord, I tender you my service, Such as it is, being tender, raw, and young; Which elder days shall ripen, and confirm To more approved servi
 to divide between you.' "'Hum!' said he. 'A fifth share! That is not very tempting.' "'It would come to fifty thousand apiece,' said I. "'But how can we gain your freedom
treet end; he will be here anon. MRS. FORD. I am undone: the knight is here. MRS. PAGE. Why, then, you are utterly sham'd, and he's but a dead
No, our suit Is that you reconcile them: while the Volsces May say 'This mercy we have show'd,' the Romans 'This we receiv'd,' and each in either side Give the all-hail to thee, 
 is too wilful-opposite, And will not temporize with my entreaties; He flatly says he'll not lay down his arms. BASTARD.
Desdemona's handkerchief. Take me this work out. BIANCA. O Cassio, whence came this? This is some token from a newer friend. To the felt absence now I feel a cause. Is't come to this? Well, well.
lly! This life is most jolly. Freeze, freeze, thou bitter sky, That dost not bite so nigh As benefits forgot; Though thou the waters warp, Thy sting is not so sharp As fr
th cheerful eyes. PEMBROKE. This once again, but that your Highness pleas'd, Was once superfluous: you were crown'd before, And that high royalty was ne'er pluck'd off, The faiths of men ne
carrying the wounded Woodley into the house, and I gave my arm to the frightened girl. The injured man was laid on his bed, and at Holmes's re
 [Puts on his mantle] Sit still, and hear the last of our sea-sorrow. Here in this island we arriv'd; and here Have I, thy schoolmaster, made t
rmine. And, look when I am King, claim thou of me The earldom of Hereford and all the movables Whereof the King my brother was possess'd. BUCKINGHAM. I'll claim 
, When Cassio left my wife. What didst not like? And when I told thee he was of my counsel In my whole course of wooing, thou criedst, "Indeed!" And didst contract and purse thy brow to
ir John, To Master Brook you yet shall hold your word; For he, to-night, shall lie with Mistress Ford. Exeunt THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE W
 of dim night Depart again. Here, here will I remain With worms that are thy chambermaids. O, here Will I set up my everlasting rest And shake the yoke of inaus
enceforth I will, coz, and devise sports. Let me see; what think you of falling in love? CELIA. Marry, I prithee, do, to make sport withal; but love no man in good earnest, nor no further in sport ne
lenched fists in the air as if he were mad with rage. She never said a word until we were at the door here, when
ur confederate out yonder, and what is this conspiracy that is going on?" The man's face became openly defiant. "It is my business,
should be ours, We might have met them dareful, beard to beard, And beat them backward home. A cry of women within. What is that noise? SEYTON. It is the cry o
ck and was about to start off into the darkness, when one of the miners accosted him. "By Gar, mate! you know how to speak to the cops," he said in a 
red, who but their murderer would have sent this sign of his work to Miss Cushing? We may take it that the sender of the packet is the man whom we want. But he must have some strong reason for sendi
ficer; Correction and instruction must both work Ere this rude beast will profit. ELBOW. He must before the deputy, sir; he has given him warning. The de
er, In such a point of weight, so near mine honour, More near my life, I fear, with my weak wit, And to such men of gravity and learning, In truth I know not. I was set at work Among m
 open, and as he came to the foot of the stairs he saw two men wrestling together outside. One of them fired a shot, the other dro
ZEL. I am- and by my fancy; if my reason Will thereto be obedient, I have reason; If not, my senses, better pleas'd with madne
ever occurred to me until a faint sound reached my ears from the veranda outside. Milverton dropped his papers and sat rigid in his chair. The sound was
her to the doctor- For they must all be mask'd and vizarded- That quaint in green she shall be loose enrob'd, With ribands pendent, flari
, and Leonato]. [Benedick advances from the arbour.] Bene. This can be no trick. The conference was sadly borne; they have the truth of this from Hero; they seem to pity the lady. It seems her aff
ld, a paltry ring That she did give me, whose posy was For all the world like cutler's poetry Upon a knife, 'Love me, and leave me not.' NERISSA. What talk you of the posy or the value? You swore to
; you must hold the credit of your father. Exeunt BERTRAM and LAFEU HELENA. O, were that all! I think not on my father; And these great tea
moons! HUBERT. Old men and beldams in the streets Do prophesy upon it dangerously; Young Arthur's death is common in their mouths; And when th
phing in my woe. Do but behold the tears that swell in me, And they thy glory through my grief will show. But do not love thyself; then thou wilt keep My tears for glasses, and still make me weep. 
 the statute of the town, Dies ere the weary sun set in the west. There is your money that I had to keep. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host. And stay the
such a piece of study? Now here is three studied ere ye'll thrice wink; and how easy it is to put 'years' to the word 'three,' and study three years in two words, the dancing horse will tell you. AR
e scandaliz'd and foully spoken of. Hot. But soft, I pray you. Did King Richard then Proclaim my brother Edmund Mortimer Heir to the crown? North. He did; myself did hear it. Hot. Nay, then I cannot 
ke the sound which a mouse makes when it is gnawing a plank, and I lay listening to it for some time under the impression that it must come from that cause. Then it grew loude
d stones) Which with sweet water nightly I will dew; Or, wanting that, with tears distill'd by moans. The obsequies that I for thee will keep Nightly sh
turned. Imagine my amazement to find the room empty and the patient gone. "Of course, my first act was to run into the waiting-room. The son had g
ORTENSIO. Petruchio, patience; I am Grumio's pledge; Why, this's a heavy chance 'twixt him and you, Your ancient, trusty, pleasant servant Grumio. And tell me now, s
fine, define, well-educated infant. MOTH. My father's wit my mother's tongue assist me! ARMADO. Sweet invocation of a child; most pretty, and pathetical! MOTH. If she be made of 
its future influence on her destiny and that of many besides. It was a warm June morning, and the Latter Day Saints were as busy as the bees w
turn incontinent. He hath commanded me to go to bed, And bade me to dismiss you. EMILIA. Dismiss me? DESDEMONA. It was his bidding; therefore, good Emilia, Give me my
eat, I'll grow less; for I'll purge, and leave sack, and live cleanly, as a nobleman should do. Exit [bearing off the body]. Scene V. Anot
your action?" "It was simple enough, sir, if you only had known; but with all your cleverness it was impossible that you could know. Time was, sir, when I was butler to old Sir Jabez Gilch
nd surges have devour'd. Of charity, what kin are you to me? What countryman, what name, what parentage? VIOLA. Of Messaline; Sebastian was my father. Such a Sebast
carry thee out of this place. WINCHESTER. Do what thou dar'st; I beard thee to thy face. GLOUCESTER. What! am I dar'd and bearded to my face? Dra
m." "I believe he is in his bed." "I will see him there." Holmes's cold and inexorable manner showed the secretary that it was useless to argue with him. "Very good, Mr. Holmes; I will t
s; And, my most noble friends, I pray you all Speak plainly your opinions of our hopes- And first, Lord Marshal, what say you to it? MOWBRAY. I well allow the oc
r, I do cry you mercy; I did not see your Grace. Humbly on my knee I crave your blessing. DUCHESS. God bless thee; and put meekness in t
e which may help us." We had ascended the kitchen stair and entered the suite of rooms upon the first floor. One was a dining-room, severely furnished and containing nothing
your household can only lead to misfortune." "I understand that, Mr. Holmes, and it is already settled that he shall leave me for ever and go to seek his fortune in Australia." "In that case, you
hee thy life before thou ask it. For half thy wealth, it is Antonio's; The other half comes to the general state, Which humbleness 
o'erhear The speech, of vantage. Fare you well, my liege. I'll call upon you ere you go to bed And tell you what I know. King. Thanks, dear my lord. Exit [Polonius]. O, my offenc
the garden path. We saw it whisk past the light thrown from over the door and disappear against the black shadow of the house. There was a long pause
thou hadst it not. PISTOL. Didst not thou share? Hadst thou not fifteen pence? FALSTAFF. Reason, you rogue, reaso
 officer; Correction and instruction must both work Ere this rude beast will profit. ELBOW. He must before the deputy, sir; he has g
ous rogue! I am sorry I shall lose A stone by thee. [Throws a stone at him] APEMANTUS. Beast! TIMON. Slave!
 the rolling hills around Aldershot, the little red and grey roofs of the farm-steadings peeped out from amid the light gree
fitness for the world Than camels in their war, who have their provand Only for bearing burdens, and
and with her sovereign grace, Here on this grass-plot, in this very place, To come and sport. Her peacocks fly amain. [JUNO descends in her car] Approach, rich Ceres, her to entertain. Enter CERES 
and so they have the use of the money just while I am staying with them. Of course, that is only just for the time. Mr. Windibank draws my interest every quarter and pays it over
ppens--whatever happens, do you hear? Don't speak! Don't move! Just listen with all your ears." Then in an instant his sudden access of strength departed, and his masterful, purposeful ta
re him barefac'd on the bier (Hey non nony, nony, hey nony) And in his grave rain'd many a tear. Fare you well, my dove! Laer. Hads
nnot be; thou dost but say 'tis so; I trust I may not trust thee, for thy word Is but the vain breath of a com
yself, as I followed his gaze my skin was cold under my clothes. The floor was covered thickly with the prints of a naked f
 knew perfectly well what it was over which he was brooding. There was but one problem before the public which could chal
tomachs, for it is no boot, And place your hands below your husband's foot; In token of which duty, if 
ll said. Prince. Well, come what will, I'll tarry at home. Fal. By the Lord, I'll be a traitor then, when thou art kin
 like them all and do allow them well; And swear here, by the honour of my blood, My father's purposes have been mistook; And some about him have too lavishly Wrested hi
were such as I was not ashamed of, and that I hoped that she might honour me by becoming my wife. That seemed to make the matter no better, so then I lost my temper too, and I answered him rath
 rescue. Speak, thy father's care; Art thou not weary, John? How dost thou fare? Wilt thou yet leave the battle, boy, and fly, Now thou art seal'd the son of chivalry? Fly, to revenge
taken into consideration, and yet none of them got quite to the heart of the matter. What was the starting-point of this chain of events? There lay t
allowance o'erweigh a whole theatre of others. O, there be players that I have seen play, and heard others praise, and that highly (not to speak it profanel
do laughed incredulously. "How can you prove that?" he asked. "Prove it! Are there not fifty murders to prove it? Vat about Milman and Van Shorst, and the Nicholson family, and old Mr. Hyam, and li
to draw him from those evil influences which were sucking him down. She went to his house, as he had often begged her to do, and made her way into the room which he used as his sitti
 that among them all there was not one whose brain was so ready to devise a bloodthirsty scheme, or whose hand would be more capable of c
 end from the door was the high French window of which we had heard. Three smaller windows on the right-hand side f
an manner which he affected. Here, one would say, is a bluff, honest fellow, whose heart would be sound however rude his outsp
and sit him down and die. 'Tis not ten years gone Since Richard and Northumberland, great friends, Did feast together, and in two years after Were they at wars. It is but eight y
e player went to cuffs in the question. Ham. Is't possible? Guil. O, there has been much throwing about of brains. Ham. Do the boys carry it away? Ros. Ay, that they do, my lord- Herc
gars, and coffee and wine were in front of them. Stapleton was talking with animation, but the baronet looked pale and distrait. Perhaps the thought of that lonely walk across
es. "I am convinced, sir," she said, "that this matter is a mistake, and that the parcel was never meant for me at all. I have said this several times to the gentlemen from Scotlan
ICKLY. Why, sir, she's a good creature. Lord, Lord, your worship's a wanton! Well, heaven forgive you, and all of u
e foresaid lands So by his father lost; and this, I take it, Is the main motive of our preparations, The source of this our watch, and the chief head Of this post-haste and romage in the land. 
uin. But as to murder, I am as innocent as you." "What happened, then?" "He had his suspicions before, and he followed me as you descr
" "Well, then, why this hound should be loose to-night. I suppose that it does not always run loose upon 
orse Hudson two duplicate plaster casts of the famous head of Napoleon by the French sculptor, Devine. One of these he placed
O. Fair thoughts and happy hours attend on you! JESSICA. I wish your ladyship all heart's content. PORTIA. I thank you for your wish, and am well pleas'd To wish it back on you. Fare you 
ssion, And that we are contented Caesar shall Have all true rites and lawful ceremonies. It shall advantage more than do us wrong. CASSIUS. I know not what may fa
of this string, Lestrade?" "It has been tarred." "Precisely. It is a piece of tarred twine. You have also, no doubt, remarked that Miss Cushing has cut the cord with a scisso
when I came again on the next evening I would find that he held in his hands all the clues which would lead up to the identity of the disappearing bridegroom of Miss Mary Sutherland. A
 at him in amazement. "You have got him! Where is he, then?" "He is here." "Here! Where?" "In my company at the present moment." The Colonel flushed angr
e of Tonga's darts in my hide, than live in a convict's cell and feel that another man is at his ease in a palace with the money that shoul
ughter. An instant later I had come round the end of the hedge and my eyes lit upon Mrs. Douglas and the man Barker before they were aware of my presence. Her appea
ow all this?" "Very clearly." "Now, what could Jonathan Small do? He could only continue to keep a secret watch upon the efforts made to find
te, To you Duke Humphrey must unload his grief Your grief, the common grief of all the land. What! did my brother Henry spend his youth, His valour, coin, and people, in t
rom what I have said that only you could have let this young man out, since you were left in the room, and must have locked the door when you went out. As to his escaping by
 Why, 'twas my care, And what loss is it to be rid of care? Strives Bolingbroke to be as great as we? Greater he shall not be; if he serve God, We'll serv
mpet sound For him that brought it. Wretched though I seem, I can produce a champion that will prove What is avouched there. If you miscarry, Your business of the world hat
e wood-pile. All that, of course, fits in with the official theory. I crawled about the lawn with an August sun on my back, but I got up at the end of an hour no
men else that think themselves as safe As thou and I, who, as thou knowest, are dear To princely Richard and to Buckingham. CATESBY. The Princes both make high account of you- [Aside] For they 
der the circumstances rather suspicious." Holmes's response was a curious one. "Can you tell me his exact height?" he asked. "Really, Mr. Holmes, I cannot undertake to say. He is tal
aves fresh in love! Exit SIR TOBY. A very dishonest paltry boy, and more a coward than a hare. His dishon
 ashes she lie buried. The gates of mercy shall be all shut up, And the flesh'd soldier, rough and hard of heart, In liberty of bloody hand shall range With conscience wide as he
ell. LEPIDUS. Farewell, my lord. What you shall know meantime Of stirs abroad, I shall beseech you, sir, To let me be partaker. CAESAR. Doubt not, sir; I knew it for my bond. Exeunt SCENE V
rse with Ettie was by no means broken. On the contrary, it drew closer and more intimate as the weeks went by. In his bedroom at his new abode McMurdo felt it safe to take out the coini
 return'd and that war-thoughts Have left their places vacant, in their rooms Come thronging soft and 
idently by some very sharp instrument. It was clear, however, that Straker had defended himself vigorously against his assailants, for in his right hand he held a small knife, which was clotted 
, we are undone! Alack the day! he's gone, he's kill'd, he's dead! Jul. Can heaven be so envious? Nurse. Romeo can
 place, Thou wouldst have chang'd thy face for a name, or thy name for an ass. Enter LUCE, within LUCE. [Within] What a coil is 
ed his hand in caution. An exulting glance went round the circle, and hands were laid upon hidden weapons. "Not a sound, for your lives!" McMurdo whispered, as he went from the
and what's the matter? ELBOW. If it please your honour, I am the poor Duke's constable, and my name is Elbow; I do lean upon justice, sir, and do bring in here before your good honour two no
o deep an O? Rom. (rises) Nurse- Nurse. Ah sir! ah sir! Well, death's the end of all. Rom. Spakest thou 
hich the prisoner had tossed upon the table. It was the note with which Holmes had decoyed him. "See if you can read it, Watson," said he, with a smile. It contained no word, but this little line
th, Percy, and he of Wales that gave Amamon the bastinado, and made Lucifer cuckold, and swore the devil his true liegeman upon the cross of a Welsh hook- w
e done at sea. Do not exceed The prescript of this scroll. Our fortune lies Upon this jump. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_9 SCENE IX. Another part of the plain Enter ANTONY and EN
 him, For in the ingrated love he bears to Caesar- BRUTUS. Alas, good Cassius, do not think of him. If he love Caesar, all that he can do Is to himself, take th
s the end of his club. HOLOFERNES. Shall I have audience? He shall present Hercules in minority: his enter and exit shall be strangling a snake; and I will have an apology for th
h instantly, although they impressed me in his favour and you against him. One was the fact that his father 
f modesty, if she deny the appearance of a naked blind boy in her naked seeing self? It were, my lord, a hard condition for 
ll the virtues that attend the good, Shall still be doubled on her. Truth shall nurse her, Holy and heavenly thoughts still counsel her; She shall be lov'd and fear'd. H
thy hand! King. Pluck thein asunder. Queen. Hamlet, Hamlet! All. Gentlemen! Hor. Good my lord, be quiet. [The Attendants part them, and they come out of the 
to be the simpler, for the bigger the crime the more obvious, as a rule, is the motive. In these cases, save for one rather intricate matter which has been referred to me from Marseilles, there is 
ou. OLIVIA. Well, come again to-morrow. Fare thee well; A fiend like thee might bear my soul to hell. Exit Re-enter SI
 broad shoulders. "I can't profess to say what it means." he answered. "But if you mean to hint that it c
 broad shoulders. "I can't profess to say what it means." he answered. "But if you mean to hint that it could reflect in any way upon this 
betime, and may by us be fitted. BEROWNE. Allons! allons! Sow'd cockle reap'd no corn, And justice always wh
h drinking of old sack, and unbuttoning thee after supper, and sleeping upon benches after noon, that th
e fresh, reviving. She is fool'd With a most false effect; and I the truer So to be false with her. QUEEN. No further service, Doctor, Until I send for thee. CORNELIUS. I humbly take my leave
- Hath heard your praises; and this night he means To burn the lodging where you use to lie, And you within it. If he fail of that, He will have other means to cut you off;
pierced by a very small but very deep wound, which had divided the carotid artery. The instrument with which the injury had been inflicted 
Thou know'st, great son, The end of war's uncertain; but this certain, That, if thou conquer Rome, the benefit Which thou shalt thereby reap is such a name 
as to whether they could arrive in time to be of any use in case of an actual attack. "Well, I was pretty proud at having this small command given me, since I was a 
ter? I never got him. Tucket within. Hark, the Duke's trumpets! I know not why he comes. All ports I'll bar; the villain shall not scape; The Duke must grant me that. Besides, his picture 
t aloud to us." It appeared from its position in the paper to have been the one event of importance in town, and the account of it ran in this way: "A desperate attempt at robb
ied was a thing as light as air to me, but at the talk about the treasure my heart turned to it, and I thought o
is necessary Seals a commission to a blank of danger; And danger, like an ague, subtly taints Even then when they sit idly in the sun. ACHILLES. Go call Thersites hither, sweet Patro
 permission, And that we are contented Caesar shall Have all true rites and lawful ceremonies. It shall advanta
hat is attributive To what infectiously itself affects, Without some image of th' affected merit. TROILUS. I take to-day a wife, and my election Is l
r in one corner of the building. "For two days after my arrival at the Copper Beeches my life was very quiet; on the third, Mrs. Rucastle came down just after breakfast 
on, "you found some place, I understand, where the fellow scaled the fence. Let us have a look at that!" The plump young man led us 
every reason to believe to be poisoned, was in the man's scalp where you still see the mark; this card, inscribed as you see it, was on the table; and beside it lay this rather curious stone-head
 beast presented, nor could we predict the fog which enabled him to burst upon us at such short notice. We succeeded in our object at a cost which both the specialist and Dr. Mortimer assure 
iend. DUKE. Where your good word cannot advantage him, Your slander never can endamage him; Therefore the 
e were out on the dark road, a chill wind blowing in our faces, and one yellow light twinkling in front of us through the gloom to guide 
ou are strangers, and come here by chance, We'll not be nice; take hands. We will not dance. KING. Why take we hands then? ROSALINE. Only to part friends. Curtsy, sweet hearts; and so th
y lady. He will come to her in yellow stockings, and 'tis a colour she abhors, and cross-garter'd, a fashion she dete
ess hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues of bawds, and dials the signs of
 The Count Rousillon cannot be my brother: I am from humble, he from honoured name; No note upon my parents, his all noble. My master, my dear lord he is; and I His servant live, and will 
love, I rather would entreat thy company To see the wonders of the world abroad, Than, living dully sluggardiz'd at home, Wear out thy youth with shapeless idlene
, Been sworn my soldier, bidding me depend Upon thy stars, thy fortune, and thy strength, And dost thou now fall
t Liege in the Lowlands, in 1642. Charles' head was still firm on his shoulders when this little brown-backed volume was struck off." "Who is the printer?" "Philippe de Croy, whoever he ma
airs in the world--the new brown, the old black, and the patent leathers, which I am wearing. Last night they took one of my brown ones, and to-day th
us to gentleness. ORLANDO. I almost die for food, and let me have it. DUKE SENIOR. Sit down and feed, and welcome to our table. ORL
Caesar, And say you do't by our permission, Else shall you not have any hand at all About his funeral. And you shall speak In
ound is bloody. Search about the churchyard. Go, some of you; whoe'er you find attach. [Exeunt some o
oul with chaw'd grass, still and motionless; And their executors, the knavish crows, Fly o'er them, all impatient for their hour. Description cannot 
ing, be married under a bush, like a beggar? Get you to church and have a good priest that can tell you what marriage is; this fellow will but join you together as they 
 would not love her- yes, for her two eyes. Well, I do nothing in the world but lie, and lie in my throat. By heaven, I do l
 Those lips that Love's own hand did make, Breathed forth the sound that said 'I hate', To me that languished for her sake: But when she saw my 
t, I pardon thee thy life before thou ask it. For half thy wealth, it is Antonio's; The other half comes to the ge
o knaves and all approachers. 'Tis most just That thou turn rascal; hadst thou wealth again Rascals should have't. Do not assume my likeness. TIMON. Were I like thee, I'd throw away myself. APEMAN
overeign speaketh like himself; And now will I be Edward's champion. HASTINGS. Sound trumpet; Edward shall be here proclaim'd. Come,
 upon pathology. What was I, an army surgeon with a weak leg and a weaker banking-account, that I should dare to think of such things? She was a unit, a factor,--nothing
u," said I. "I could even quote a passage of your letter. It ran 'Please, please, as you are a gentleman, burn this letter, and be at the gate by ten o'clock.'" I tho
or and a maid, So far be distant; and good night, sweet friend. Thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life end! LY
RTENSIUS. Faith, I perceive our masters may throw their caps at their money. These debts may well be call'd desperate ones, for a madman owes 'em. Exeunt
thy chariot wheels; And then I'll come and be thy waggoner And whirl along with thee about the globes. Provide thee two proper palfreys, black as jet, To hale thy vengeful waggon swift awa
ered the suite of rooms upon the first floor. One was a dining-room, severely furnished and containing nothing of interest. A second was a bedroom, which also drew b
as Aldershot to-morrow?" "I have no doubt Jackson would take my practice." "Very good. I want to start by the 11.10 from Waterloo." "That would give me time."
n. O Lord, sir, who do you mean? Prince. Why then, your brown bastard is your only drink; for look you, Francis, your white canvas 
as down on his knees examining with great attention the knots upon the red cord with which the lady had been secured. Then he carefull
ROTEUS. Go on before; I shall enquire you forth; I must unto the road to disembark Some necessaries that I needs must use; And then I'll presently attend you. VALENTINE. Will you make haste? PROT
ts! But that your trespass now becomes a fee, Mine ransoms yours, and yours must ransom me. 121 'Tis better
ng native burghers of this desert city, Should, in their own confines, with forked heads Have their round haunches gor'd.
marked Sherlock Holmes. "When you entered the room there was only a candle lighted on the table, was there not?" "Yes, that was so." "By its light you saw that some terrible incident had occu
ou tremblest at, answer that I shall ask; For till thou speak thou shalt not pass from hence. SPIRIT. Ask 
boy, And I with tears do wash the blood away. Keep thou the napkin, and go boast of this; And if thou tell'st the heavy story right, Upon my soul, the
hese moors there were traces of some vanished race which had passed utterly away, and left as it sole record strange monuments of stone, irregular mounds which contained the burned
entinus in the Emperor's court; What maintenance he from his friends receives, Like exhibition thou shalt have from me. To-morrow be in readiness to go- Excuse it not, for I am peremptory. PROTEUS. 
break into this dangerous argument: If what in rest you have in right you hold, Why then your fears-wh
 him, that's all. They raided his store last night, and he and his papers are all in Portsmouth jail. You'll go off and he, poor dev
vigorous arm. The lad, then, had a companion in his flight. And the flight was a swift one, since it took five miles before an expert cyclist could over
ew to greet: 'I hate' she altered with an end, That followed it as gentle day, Doth follow night who like a fiend F
e that I am little, like an ape, He thinks that you should bear me on your shoulders. BUCKINGHAM. With what a sharp-provided wit he reasons! To mitigate the scorn he gives his uncle He prettily 
 what you shall overhear- That, by and by, disguis'd they will be here. Their herald is a pretty knavish page, That well by heart hath conn'd his embassage. Action and accent did they tea
 canst thou make Than arm thy constant and thy nobler parts Against these giddy loose suggestions; Upon which better part our pray'rs come in, If thou vouchsafe them. But if 
ought there was something there. When I asked him what he was looking at, he told me that he had the same feeling.
ain's mouth Which here you come to accuse. LUCIO. This is the rascal; this is he I spoke of. ESCALUS. Why, thou unreverend and unhallowed friar, Is't not enough thou hast suborn'd these wome
n conquest stretch'd mine arm so far To be afeard to tell greybeards the truth? Decius, go tell them Caesar will not come. DECIUS. Most mighty Caesar, let me know some cause, 
mously that burning shame Detains him from Cordelia. Gent. Alack, poor gentleman! Kent. Of Albany's and Cornwall's powers you heard not? Gent. 'Tis so; they are afoot. Kent. Well, si
ll hang on every tree That shall civil sayings show. Some, how brief the life of man Runs his erring pilgrimage, That the streching of a span Buckles in his sum of age; Some, of violated vow
of talk there about myself and my methods. The third of these cases was that of the Musgrave Ritual, and it is to the interest which was aroused by that singular chain of events, and the large issu
 down considerably. The possession of a grey garment was a third point which, granting the son's statement to be correct, was a certainty. We have come now
ombe Tracey, and it was addressed in a woman's hand." "Well?" "Well, sir, I thought no more of the matter, and never would have done had it not been for my wife. Only a few weeks a
thing, dearie. You'll just need to be patient awhile, and then you'll be all right. Put your head up agin me like that, and t
ndle of clothing, comprising a complete set of underclothes, socks, a gray tweed suit, and a short yellow overcoat. "The clothes are commonplace," remarked Holmes, "s
an riding towards him. As he approached, he recognized him as a Mormon named Cowper, to whom he had rendered services at different times. He therefore accosted him when he got up to him, 
ns. The average height is rather below four feet, although many full-grown adults may be found who are very much smaller than this. They are a fierce, morose, and intractable people, though cap
 two upper ones empty and open, the lower one locked. I had filled the first two with my linen, and as I had still much to pack away I was natural
call'd Aunchient Pistol. GOWER. I know him not. Enter PISTOL FLUELLEN. Here is the man. PISTOL. Captain, I thee beseech to do me favours. The 
hich you might, As cause had call'd you up, have held him to; Or else it would have gall'd his surly nature, Which easily endures not article Tying him to
t, must it, nurse? Then let no man but I Do execution on my flesh and blood. DEMETRIUS. I'll broach the tadpole on my rapier's point. Nurse, give it me; my sword shall soon dis
u have, Else could you not have motion; but sure that sense Is apoplex'd; for madness would not err, Nor sense to ecstacy was ne'er so thrall'd But it 
 start when I saw the very man who had been so much in my thoughts standing there on my threshold. His appearance was quite familiar to me. He is extremely tall an
o change in door or window this morning, or any reason to think that any stranger had been to the house. Yet there they sat, driven clean mad with 
, unvisited, much to our shame. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Not so, my lord; it is not so, I swear; We have h
"I ought to know by this time that when a fact appears to be opposed to a long train of deductions, it invariably proves to be
The fool no knave, perdy. Kent. Where learn'd you this, fool? Fool. Not i' th' stocks, fool. Enter Lear and Gloucester Lea
d. A similar reward paid to any one giving information about a Greek lady whose first name is Sophy. X 2473. "That was in all the dailies. No answer." "How about the Greek
and hearty thankings to you both. We have made inquiry of you, and we hear Such goodness of your just
 allowing this brute to trace her. And now, Watson, we shall order breakfast, and afterwards I shall walk down to Doctors' Commons, where I hope to get some data which
on, there to make closer acquaintance with "the boys," which was the jovial title by which the dangerous gang who infested the place were known to one anoth
vour me with your opinion. "Yours faithfully, "Tobias Gregson." "Gregson is the smartest of the Scotland Yarders," my friend remarked; "he and Lestrade are the pick of 
ceaseth to enlarge itself Till by broad spreading it disperse to nought. With Henry's death the English circle ends; Dispersed are the glories it included. Now 
st you in His Highness' name, And here commit you to my Lord Cardinal To keep until your further time of trial. KING HENRY. My Lord of Gloucester, 'tis my special ho
lk, That he is a traitor, foul and dangerous, To God of heaven, King Richard, and to me. And as I truly fight, defend me heaven! MARSHAL. On pain of death, no person b
visit to the North. There is one other small point upon which I desire some light. This fellow Hayes had shod his horses with shoes which counterfeited the tracks of cows. Was it from Mr
 all simple and might be found in any issue, but 'moor' would be less common." "Why, of course, that would 
William cook, bid him come hither. Sir John, you shall not be excus'd. DAVY. Marry, sir, thus: those precepts cannot be served; and, again, sir-
 go with this lady to her room, and form our opinion after we have heard what it is that she has to say to us." Half an hour later we were seated, all four, in the small sitting-room o
g the tears of lamentation For the remembrance of my father's death. If this thou do deny, let our hands part, Neither intitled in the other's h
rn what the trouble was which had driven him to Sherlock Holmes. "We have a clear run here of seventy minutes," Holmes remarked. "I want you, Mr. Hall Pycroft, to tell my friend your very in
 disposition have that scope That dotage gives it. Enter Lear. Lear. What, fifty of my followers at a clap? Within a fortnight? Alb
please it you, my lord, 'twere not amiss He were created knight for his good service. KING HENRY. Iden, kneel down. [He kneels] Rise up a knight. We give thee for reward a 
refully to me," said Holmes. "When a crisis comes, as it will do, I will direct how you shall act. I suppose that by Saturday all
l, peace be with you, sir. Here comes my man. Mer. But I'll be hang'd, sir, if he wear your livery. Marry, go before to field, he'll be your follower! Your worship in that sense m
, God he knows, I saw not; for the which He did arrest me with an officer. I did obey, and sent my peasant home For certain ducats; he with none return'd. Then fairly I 
t an eye in sleep since I did it, and I don't believe I ever will again until I get past all waking. Sometimes it's his face, but most generally it's hers. I'm never without one or the
ork. This Willoughby Smith has nothing against him either as a boy at Uppingham or as a young man at Cambridge. I have seen his testimonials, and from the first he was a decent, quiet, h
ll," remarked Inspector MacDonald. "There has been many a hammer murder and no trace on the hammer." "Quite so. It doesn't pro
not an oath on shore? Hast thou no mouth by land? What is the news? BOATSWAIN. The best news is that we have safely found Our King and company; the next, our ship- Wh
mp in the surgery, and then, standing there, I could hear their talk and watch their play. I am fond of a hand at cards myself
he'll be made an example. CLOWN. Comfort, good comfort! We must to the King and show our strange sights. He must know 'tis none o
n the world, I tumbled down in a sort of fit and so changed the conversation." "Good heavens!" cried the Colonel, laughing, "do you
ing the mourner, attended by TRESSEL and BERKELEY ANNE. Set down, set down your honourable load- If honour may be shrouded in a hearse; Whi
nd long hereafter say unto his child 'What my great-grandfather and grandsire got My careless father fondly gave
Pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war! And O you mortal engines, whose rude throats The immortal Jov
for a week to the Continent." "Where?" "Oh, anywhere. It's all the same to me." There was something very strange in all this. It was not Holmes's nature to take an aimless holiday, and somet
y beforehand, so that they may meet any little expenses of their journey and their wardrobe.' "It seemed to me that I had never met so fascinating and so thoughtful a man. As I was already in debt t
And seek for grace. What a thrice-double ass Was I to take this drunkard for a god, And worship this dull fool! PROSPERO. Go to; away! ALONSO. Hence, and bestow your luggage where you found it. SEB
ng, fiery red. Now, if you cared to apply, Mr. Wilson, you would just walk in; but perhaps it would hard
hat jovial, man-to-man manner which he affected. Here, one would say, is a bluff, honest fellow, whose heart would be sound however rude his outspoken words might seem. It 
I may never prove so fond To trust man on his oath or bond, Or a harlot for her weeping, Or a dog that 
th not yet lighted, and our safest way Is to avoid the aim. Therefore to horse; And let us not be dainty of leave-taking, But shift away. There's warrant in t
so equal that your love Can equally move with them. Provide your going; Choose your own company, and command what cost 
n bed Lies all within. Deliver me the key; Here do I choose, and thrive I as I may! PORTIA. There, take it, Prince, and if my form lie there, Then I am yours. [He opens the golden casket] PRINCE 
ed by the height of happier men. O then vouchsafe me but this loving thought, 'Had my friend's Muse grown with this growing age, A dearer birth than this his love had brought To march
treet Enter JACK CADE and the rest, and strikes his staff on London Stone CADE. Now is Mortimer lord of this city. And here, sitting upon Lond
y?" "Not guilty, my lord," said I. "Vox populi, vox Dei. You are acquitted, Captain Croker. So long as the law does not find some other victim you are safe from me. Come back to this lady in a year, 
 one Whom he begot with child, let her appear, And he shall marry her. The nuptial finish'd, Let him be whipt and hang'd. LUCIO. I beseech your Highness, do not marry me to a whore
 give poor jades the bots. This house is turned upside down since Robin Ostler died. 1. Car. Poor fellow never joyed since the price of oats rose. It was t
aff; walk hence with that, And manage it against despairing thoughts. Thy letters may be here, though thou art hence, Which, being writ to me, shall be deliver'd Even in the milk-white bosom of thy
g; for pleasure and revenge Have ears more deaf than adders to the voice Of any true decision. Nature craves All dues be rend'red to their owners. Now, What nearer 
l not yield, To kiss the ground before young Malcolm's feet, And to be baited with the rabble's curse. Though Birnam Wood be come to Dunsinane, And thou opposed, be
 weapon, or dagger, henceforward, upon pain of death. GLOUCESTER. Cardinal, I'll be no breaker of the law; But we shall meet and break our minds at large. WINCHESTER. G
. The silent hours steal on, And flaky darkness breaks within the east. In brief, for so the season bids us be, Prepare thy battle early in the morning, And put thy fortune to the arbit
 revenge, It could not move thus. Oph. You must sing 'A-down a-down, and you call him a-down-a.' O, how the wheel becomes it! It is the false steward, that 
 Alisander. [Sir Nathaniel retires] There, an't shall please you, a foolish mild man; an honest man, look you, and soon dash'd. He is a marvellous good neighbour, faith, and a very goo
 by the window. "There it is!" I cried. "No, no, sir, it is nothing--nothing at all!" the butler broke in; "I assure you, sir--" "M
 her and torture me, Never pray more; abandon all remorse; On horror's head horrors accumulate; Do deeds to make hea
We'll ne'er come there again.' KING. Make choice and see: Who shuns thy love shuns all his love in me. HELEN
 no plays, As thou dost, Antony; he hears no music; Seldom he smiles, and smiles in such a sort As if he mock'd himself 
Constable [Dogberry] and the Headborough [verges]. Leon. What would you with me, honest neighbour? Dog. Marry, sir, I would have some confidence with you that decerns you nearly.
who is quite unaware that we are after him." My friend's plans were gradually revealing themselves. From this convenient retreat the watchers were being watched and the tra
" "What about the shotgun?" "It is less than two feet long. It could very well have fitted into his valise. He could have carried it in
e, pushed forward his glass with some eagerness. "It is a good wine, Holmes." "A remarkable wine, Watson. Our friend upon the sofa has assured me t
red through the door. There is no opening except the one pane," said our learned guide. "Dear me!" said Holmes, and he smiled in a singular way as he glanc
d alarmed his quicker senses. There was a noise somewhere within the house. A door slammed in the distance. Then a confused, dull murmur broke itself into the measured thud of heavy 
t thou kill'd him sleeping? O brave touch! Could not a worm, an adder, do so much? An adder did it; for with doubler tongue Than thine, thou serpent,
xtraordinary features. That's absolutely all we have at present, Mr. Holmes." "Then, with your permission, we will leave it at that, Mr. Mac. The temptation to form premature theories upon insu
" she gasped. "You do Sir Charles an injustice. He did burn the letter. But sometimes a letter may be legible even when burned. You acknowledge now
e That he which is was wish'd until he were; And the ebb'd man, ne'er lov'd till ne'er worth love, Comes 
ld not sleep. There are a kind of men so loose of soul, That in their sleeps will mutter their affairs; One of this kind is Cassio. In sleep I heard him sa
hold, Nor need I tallies thy dear love to score, Therefore to give them from me was I bold, To trust those tables that receive the
the account of chance before you said 'Let us make head.' It was your pre-surmise That in the dole of blows your son might drop. You knew
 the ground, May seem as shy, as grave, as just, as absolute, As Angelo; even so may Angelo, In all his dressings, characts, titles, forms, Be an arch-v
uilt, fresh-complexioned young fellow, with a frank, honest face and a slight, crisp, yellow mustache. He wore a very shiny top hat and a neat suit of sober black, which made him 
t at the time of the tragedy? Surely the explanation of all this could not be as innocent as she would have me believe. For the moment I could proceed no farther in that direction, but must turn
 Deep shame had struck me dumb, made me break off, And those thy fears might have wrought fears in me. But thou did
 move him? Let me alone with him. FABIAN. No way but gentleness- gently, gently. The fiend is rough, and will not be roughly us'd. SIR TOBY. Why, how now, my bawcock! How dost th
dred years hath stood, Which I have sumptuously re-edified; Here none but soldiers and Rome's servitors Repose in fame; none basely slain in brawls. Bury him
gns as these of what her meddling had brought about. Then I tied the bodies into the boat, stove a plank, and stood by until they had sunk. I knew very well that the o
t. Reg. Out, treacherous villain! Thou call'st on him that hates thee. It was he That made the overture of thy treasons to us; Who is too good to pity thee. Glou. 
ess, nor coign of vantage, but this bird Hath made his pendant bed and procreant cradle; Where they most breed and haunt, I have observed The air is delica
bbet. He begins at curfew, and walks till the first cock. He gives the web and the pin, squints the eye, and makes the harelip; mildews the white wheat, and hurts the poor creature
lie? Have I in conquest stretch'd mine arm so far To be afeard to tell greybeards the truth? Decius, go tell them Caesar will not come. DECIUS. Most mighty Caesar, let me know some cause
id they know that they would receive this?" "Yes; Sir Charles was very fond of talking about the provisions of his will." "That is very interesting." "I hope," said Dr. Mortimer, "that you do not loo
ay'd for at Bassanio's feast. JESSICA. I will make fast the doors, and gild myself With some moe ducats, and be with you straight. Exit above GRATIANO. Now, by my hood, a gentle, and no Jew. LOREN
, hear me speak Before you answer Warwick. His demand Springs not from Edward's well-meant honest love, But from deceit bred by necessity; For how can tyrants safely gove
words used by Hugo Baskerville, when he was in wine, were such as might blast the man who said them. At last in the stress of her fear she did that which might have daunted the bravest or most
for it; ay, or go to death. And I'll pay't as valorously as I may, that sall I suerly do, that is the breff and the long. Marry,
s much to you at home; and so farewell! Exit VALENTINE PROTEUS. He after honour hunts, I after love; He leaves his frien
 speak in me. He is prepar'd, and reason too he should. This apish and unmannerly approach, This harness'd masque and unadvised revel This unhair'd sauciness and boyish troo
ibute, Not as fee. Grant me two things, I pray you, Not to deny me, and to pardon me. PORTIA. You press me far, and therefore I will yield. [To ANTONIO] Giv
g. If it was circulated among them that I had made a severe example of the Lady Eva I should find all of them much more open to reason. Y
with a largess. Take your paper too, And let me have them very well perfum'd; For she is sweeter than perfume itself To whom they go to. What will you
t amongst you here, It would amaze the proudest of you all. Give me their bodies, that I may bear them hence And give them burial as beseems their worth. PUCELLE.
f than to anyone else. But in any case it was a blow to him, and it would take him some time before he could prepare himself to meet it. He would withdraw all opposition upon h
Their thimbles into armed gauntlets change, Their needles to lances, and their gentle hearts To fierce and bloody inclination. LEWIS. There end thy brave, and turn thy face in p
ns, where we might, Without the peril of the Athenian law- EGEUS. Enough, enough, my Lord; you have enough; I beg the law, the
y piece as this is, With all the virtues that attend the good, Shall still be doubled on her. Truth shall nurse her, Holy and heavenly thoughts still counsel her; She shall be lov'd and fear'd. H
eling in my pocket I found that it was all right. The only duplicate which existed, so far as I knew, was that which 
rack two cribs in the same district within a few days. When you spoke last night of taking precautions I remember that it passed through my mind that this was probably the last parish in En
tchman, for I cannot see how sleeping should offend. Only have a care that your bills be not stol'n. Well, you are to call at all the alehouses and bid those that 
 the matter? Parts [them]. Kent. With you, goodman boy, an you please! Come, I'll flesh ye! Come on, young mas
ave out The colour of her hair. Bring me word quickly. Exit ALEXAS Let him for ever go- let him not, Charmian- Though he be painted one way like a Gorgon, The other way's a Mars. [To MARDIAN] Bid yo
until every corner of the room was stacked with bundles of manuscript which were on no account to be burned, and which could not be put away sa
m the pile which you have mentioned, and I used it to throw up to his window. He came down and admitted me through the window of the sitting-room. I laid his offence 
numbered hours, But all alone stands hugely politic, That it nor grows with heat, nor drowns with showers. To this I witness call t
ere would he anchor his aspect and die With looking on his life. Enter ALEXAS ALEXAS. Sovereign of Egypt, hail! CLEOPATRA. How much unlike art thou Mark Antony!
n; but our jealousy Does yet depend. LORD. So please your Majesty, The Roman legions, all from Gallia drawn, Are landed on your coast, with a supply Of Roman gentlemen by the Sena
er to the scullery-maid. Williamson! It conveys nothing to my mind. If he is an elderly man he is not this active cyclist who
 Maria, let this fellow be look'd to. Where's my cousin Toby? Let some of my people have a special care of him; I would not have him miscarry for the half of my d
to close up mine eyes, To have thee with thy lips to stop my mouth; So shouldst thou either turn my flying soul, Or I should breathe it so into thy body, And then it liv'd i
's sun staineth. 34 Why didst thou promise such a beauteous day, And make me travel forth without my cloak, To let base clouds o'ertake me in my way,
 said Holmes, glancing it over. "I must compliment you, Mr. Baynes, upon your attention to detail in your examination of it
ght to me were cordial. CAMILLO. Sir, my lord, I could do this; and that with no rash potion, But with a ling'ring dram that shou
 the sweet'st companions in the world. The benediction of these covering heavens Fall on their heads like dew! for they are worthy To inlay heaven with stars. CYMBELINE. Thou weep'st and speak's
bark of baser kind By bud of nobler race. This is an art Which does mend nature- change it rather; but The art itself is nature. PERDITA. So it is. POLIXENES. Then make your 
hed by some foreign agent. It might have been done under such pledges as would have prevented him from speaking of it, and yet would 
r, Then old and fond of issue, took such sorrow That he quit being; and his gentle lady, Big of this gen
ust have done no less with wit and safety. You throw a strange regard upon me, and by that I do perceive it hath offended you. Pardon me, sweet one, even for the vows We m
s often headed him off. I tell you, my friend, that if a detailed account of that silent contest could be written, it would take its place as the most brilliant bit of thru
fellow, you shall keep watch in the street. I'll do the criminal part. It's not a time to stick at trifles. Think of Mycroft's note, of the Admiralty, the Cabinet, the exalted perso
nst me. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_11 SCENE XI. Alexandria. CLEOPATRA'S palace Enter ANTONY With attendants ANTONY. Hark! the land bid
FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. PROLOGUE. Flourish. Enter CHORUS CHORUS. Thus with imagin'd wing our swift scene flies, In motion of no less celerity Than that of thought. Suppos
d morrow, kind Sir Eglamour. Exeunt SCENE IV. Under SILVIA'S Window Enter LAUNCE with his dog LAUNCE. When a man's servant
s using another name at the time--and she stuck on to us until we came to London. I paid her bill and her ticket. Once in London, she gave us
one would think who only knew me through your memoirs. The fact is that I could not believe it possible that the most remarkable horse in England could long remain concealed, especially in so sp
So good as you have done. SERVANT. The gods forbid! ANTONY. Well, my good fellows, wait on me to-night. Scant not my cups, and make as much of me As when mine empire was your fellow too, And suffer'd
l keep us both the safer. Where we are There's daggers in men's smiles; the near in blood, The nearer bloody. MALCOLM. This murtherous shaft that's shot Hath not yet lighted, and our safest way Is
ace your tattlings. What is 'fair,' William? WILLIAM. Pulcher. QUICKLY. Polecats! There are fairer things than polecats, sure. EVANS. You are a very simplicity oman; I pray 
me back upon the stairs. He begged me to return to my room." "Quite so. You had heard the shot, and you had at once come down."
which he had fought, and it is conjectured by the police that his club was among his trophies. The servants deny having seen it before, but among the num
of his place.' "'It is rather an absurd business, this ritual of ours,' he answered. 'But it has at least the saving grace of antiquity to excuse it. I have a copy of the questions and answer
 wilt thou make a fire, or shall I complain on thee to our mistress, whose hand- she being now at hand- thou shalt soon feel, to thy cold comfo
 purchase us a good opinion, And buy men's voices to commend our deeds. It shall be said his judgement ruled our hands; Our youths and wildness shall no whit appear, But all be buried i
nd by lease; But for thy world enjoying but this land, Is it not more than shame to shame it so? Landlord of England art thou now, not King. Thy state of law is bondslave to the law; And thou- KIN
eling very much easier. A horrible doubt came into my mind as I approached the door lest the dog might be loose, but I remembered that Tolle
m and power of attachment. Poor Sir Charles's head was of a very rare type, half Gaelic, half Ivernian in 
for such things as you, I can scarce think there's any, y'are so slight. He that hath a will to die by himself fears it not from another. Let your general do his worst. For you, be that y
ed, and when the lawyer arrived I was asked to step up to the room. The fire was burning brightly, and in the grate there was a mass of black, fluffy ashes, as of burned paper, wh
er. Shepherdess, look on him better, And be not proud; though all the world could see, None could be so abus'd in sight as he. Come, to our flock. Exeunt ROSALIN
 I do. Pray take a chair. I can spare you five minutes if you have anything to say.' "'All that I have to say has already crossed your mind,' said he. "'Then possibly my answer has crosse
gle upon McMurdo's face, and again it set like granite. "No harm shall come to you, Ettie--nor to your father either. As to wicked men, I 
o abnormally active that it was dangerous to leave it without material upon which to work. For years I had gradually weaned him from that drug mania which had threa
ous. Iago, who began't? MONTANO. If partially affined, or leagued in office, Thou dost deliver more or less than truth, Thou art no soldier. IAGO. 
t bring us what she says, And how you find her. PROCULEIUS. Caesar, I shall. Exit CAESAR. Gallus, go you along. Exit GALLUS Where's Dolabel
ons lurk. Solicit Henry with her wondrous praise. Bethink thee on her virtues that surmount, And natural graces that
s smiled at it and shrugged his shoulders in his easy fashion, but I confess that it turned me sick to think of the horrible death which had passed so close to us that nigh
o be shown. Thou dost mean something. I heard thee say even now, thou like'st not that, When Cassio left my wife. What didst not like? A
 Garcia looked in at my door--the room was dark at the time--and asked me if I had rung. I said that I had not. He apologiz
Take in your love, and then let me alone. Exeunt LUCENTIO and BIANCA Enter a PEDANT PEDANT. God save you, s
th a passion would I shake the world, And rouse from sleep that fell anatomy Which cannot hear a lady's feeble voice, Which s
ry winding and turning which they took there could no longer be any question about it. At Greenwich we were about three hundred paces behind them. At B
ed to the incident. At two o'clock yesterday afternoon a small packet, wrapped in brown paper, was handed in by the postman. A cardboard box was inside, w
guarantee that he will not be spirited away again. To humour your guilty elder son you have exposed your innocent younger son to imminent and unn
h; when she is sated with his body, she will find the error of her choice. She must have change, she must; therefore put money in
MBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE 1 A street before a priory Enter SECOND MERCHANT and ANGELO ANGELO. I am sorry, sir, that I have hind'red you; But I protest he had the chain
ome's Emperor. Andronicus, would thou were shipp'd to hell Rather than rob me of the people's hearts! LUCIUS. Proud Saturnine, interrupter of the
these young ones? What say you, my niece? BLANCH. That she is bound in honour still to do What you in wisdom still vouchsafe t
me. She will not fail, for lovers break not hours Unless it be to come before their time, So much they spur their expe
but think Thou hast thy mistress still; to boot, my son, Who shall take notice of thee. I'll move the King To any shape of thy preferment, such As thou'lt desire; and then 
 the horses had been exercised and watered as usual, and the stables were locked up at nine o'clock. Two of the lads walked up to the trai
en. TAMORA. Stay, Roman brethen! Gracious conqueror, Victorious Titus, rue the tears I shed, A mother's tears in passion for her son; And if
as long as I could lay my hand upon the men I wanted. "They were very cunning, though. They must have thought that there was some chance of their being followed, for they would never go out alone,
ves are clept All by the name of dogs. The valued file Distinguishes the swift, the slow, the subtle, The housekeeper, the hunter, every one According
you see. You are too timid in drawing your inferences." "Then, pray tell me what it is that you can infer from this hat?" He picked it up and gazed at it in the peculiar introspective fashion whic
erk to close the iron shutters, and he pointed out to me that they hardly met in the centre, and that it would be possible for anyone outside to see what was going on within the r
A large and comfortable double-bedded room had been placed at our disposal, and I was quickly between the sheets, for I was weary after my night of adventure. Sherlock Holmes was 
good Meg, I'll wear this. Marg. By my troth, 's not so good, and I warrant your cousin will say so. Hero. My cousin's a fool, and thou art anot
 your hand should take; I'll never do you wrong for your own sake. Blessing upon your vows; and in your bed Find fairer fortune, if you ever wed! LAFEU
must earn therefore. BARDOLPH. Would I were with him, wheresome'er he is, either in heaven or in hell! HOSTESS. Nay, sure, 
. On the other hand, I would not have given her the name which I have the honour to bear"--he gave a little stately cough--"had not I thought her to be at bottom a noble woman. I believe that s
ife!' And I have seen thee pause and take thy breath, When that a ring of Greeks have hemm'd thee in, Like an Olympian wrestling. This have I seen; 
 the joints of the gas-pipes. This one covered, as a matter of fact, the T joint which gives off the pipe which su
 my own fault, Which death, or absence, soon shall remedy. LYSANDER. Stay, gentle Helena; hear my excuse; My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena! HELENA. O excellent!
he glade, Holmes and I at his heels. As we approached, the lady staggered against the trunk of the tree for support.
f thwarting it in this way, you would have had a better chance at your trial." "Justice!" snarled the ex-convict. "A pretty justice! Whose loot is
nental express." "Where shall I meet you?" "At the station. The second first-class carriage from the front will be reserved for us." "The carria
 his body; His funerals shall not be in our camp, Lest it discomfort us. Lucilius, come, And come, young Cato; let us to the field. Labio and Flavio, 
here is any connection--" "I imagine nothing, Mr. Barker. I am bound to make every inquiry which can bear upon the case. But I mean no offense." "Some inquiries 
 New York or Philadelphia, and care nothing for our threats. We can take it out of their local bosses, but it only means that others will be sent in their stead. And we are making it 
 on the flood; When we have laugh'd to see the sails conceive, And grow big-bellied with the wanton wind; Which she, with pretty and with swimming gait Following- her womb then
e was discovered in the room by the police, save the inexplicable fact that neither upon Mrs. Barclay's person nor upon that of the victim nor in any 
hat, if thou conquer Rome, the benefit Which thou shalt thereby reap is such a name Whose repetition will be dogg'd with curses; Whose chronicle thus writ:
 Brave peers of England, pillars of the state, To you Duke Humphrey must unload his grief Your grief, the common grief o
them this paper' having read it, Bid them repair to th' market-place, where I, Even in theirs and in the commons' ears, Will vouch the truth 
 measurements upon its bowl. He carefully scrutinized with his lens the talc shield which covered the top of the chimney and scraped off some ashes which adhered to its upper surface, putting s
Nor never by advised purpose meet To plot, contrive, or complot any ill, 'Gainst us, our state, our subjects, or our land. BOLINGBROKE. I swear. MOWBRAY. And I, to keep all this. 
 that's the certain of it; and when I cannot live any longer, I will do as I may. That is my rest, that is the r
way! No time shall be omitted That will betime, and may by us be fitted. BEROWNE. Allons! allons! Sow'd cockle reap'd no corn, And justice always whirls in
lowness! Labour be his meed! Exit SCENE VI. Wales. Before the cave of BELARIUS Enter IMOGEN alone, in boy's clothes IMOGEN. I see a man's life is a tedious one. I have t
 not from your eyes that gentleness And show of love as I was wont to have; You bear too stubborn and too strange a hand Over your friend that 
ge part of his property into money, and that he had departed a wealthy man, while his companion, Stangerson, was comparatively poor. There was no clue at all
are dead, and send him Some bloody sign of it, for 'tis commanded I should do so. You shall be miss'd at court, And that will well confirm it. IMOGEN. Why, good fellow, What shall I do the while? whe
r minds. Then one morning there came an enigmatic note slipped into our letter box. "Dear me, Mr. Holmes. Dear me!" said this singular epistle. There 
 in everything until he came to think that the world was made for his pleasure, and that he could do what he liked in it. Then as he grew older h
hurried at the top of my speed. A brougham was waiting with a very massive driver wrapped in a dark cloak, who, the instant that I had stepped in, whipp
 too great a burden. I have now found thee; when I lose thee again I care not; yet art thou good for nothing but taking up; and that thou'rt scarce worth. PAROLLES. Hadst thou 
 woeful banishment, Should all but answer for that peevish brat? Can curses pierce the clouds and enter heaven? Why then, give way, dull clouds, to
Then let the trumpets sound The tucket sonance and the note to mount; For our approach shall so much dare the field That England shall couch d
 disgust you with human nature.' He stepped over to the window and shouted through it at the top of his voice that the vacancy was filled. A groan of disappointment came up from below
m, feeling that for once in my life I had done a real good night's work. And that's the truth and the whole truth, Mr. Holmes, if it costs me 
me; but my vexation disappeared in the interest which the words awakened. "Who then is Porlock?" I asked. "Porlock, W
icking and clawing among a heap of clinkers. Menzies, the Scotchman, gave a roar of rage at the sight and rushed with an iron spanner at the
tle intellectual problem which it at one time promised to be. There might have been some credit to be gained out of it, but for this too palpable clue." "There is credit, and to spare," 
ck and my loud crying still. 144 Two loves I have of comfort and despair, Which like two spirits do suggest me still, The better angel is a man right fair: The worser spirit a wo
. Verg. Yes, in truth it is, sir. Leon. What is it, my good friends? Dog. Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little off the matter--an old man, sir, and his wits are not 
ctober, 1855, to her destruction in N. Lat. 15° 20', W. Long. 25° 14' on Nov. 6th.' It is in the form of a letter, and runs in this way: "'My dear, dear son, now th
iled, who had been sitting in the window, rose as we entered. "Good-morning, madam," said Holmes cheerily. "My name is Sherlock Holmes. This is my intimate fri
erv'd to serve this noble Count. All the occurrence of my fortune since Hath been between this lady and this lord. SEBASTIAN. [To OLIVIA] So Comes it, lady, you have been misto
usiness, we are all destroyed." "We must kill him." "Ah, it's the first thought that came to you! So it will be up at the lodge. Didn't I say to you that it would end in murder?" "Sure, wha
ards, and at last I reached a ledge several feet deep and covered with soft green moss, where I could lie unseen in the most perfect comfort. There I was stretched when you, my dear
That grows to seed; things rank and gross in nature Possess it merely. That it should come to this! But two months dead! Nay, not so much, not two. So excellent a king, that was to thi
ssurance of the goodness of Providence seems to me to rest in the flowers. All other things, our powers our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence 
, hark, one knocks. Portia, go in awhile, And by and by thy bosom shall partake The secrets of my heart. All my engagements I will construe to thee, All the charactery of my sad brows.
est speed, So did our men, heavy in Hotspur's loss, Lend to this weight such lightness with their fear That arrows fled not swifter toward their aim Tha
hold on you. It is enacted in the laws of Venice, If it be proved against an alien That by direct or indirect attempts He seek the life o
 Carey's evidence how these securities came on the market it would be a proof that my father had not sold them, and that he had no view to personal profit when he took the
t no matter- why should we go in? My friend Stephano, signify, I pray you, Within the house, your mistress is at hand; And bring your music
ife in this extremity, This favour will I do you for his sake; And think it not the worst of all your fortunes That you are like to Sir Vincentio. His name and credit shall you undert
uests to carry food and drink--with other worse things, perchance--to his captive, and so found the cage empty and the bird escaped. Then, a
her for her stay or going. The affair cries haste, And speed must answer't: you must hence tonight. DESDEMONA. Tonight, my lord? DUKE. This night. OTHELLO. With all 
hunted for yourself; 'Tis thought your deer does hold you at a bay. BAPTISTA. O, O, Petruchio! Tranio hits you now. LUCENTIO. I thank thee for that gird, good Tranio. HORTENSIO. Confess, 
d my patience, I then did ask of her her changeling child; Which straight she gave me, and her fairy sent To bear him to my bower in fairy land. And now I have the boy, I will undo This ha
d now dispatch we toward the court, my lords. I hear the King my father is sore sick. Our news shall go before us to his Majesty, Which, cousin, you shall bear
this last tempest. I perceive these lords At this encounter do so much admire That they devour their reason, and scarce think Their eyes do offices of truth, their words Are natur
er. "What sort of proposal is that to make a man? I know enough of law to understand that Mary would be had as accomplice. Do you think I would leave her alone to face th
ht think sometime it saw The carcase of a beauty spent and done. Time had not scythed all that youth begun, Nor youth all quit, but spite of heaven's fell rage Some
to enter upon your new duties?' "'Well, it is a little awkward, for I have a business already,' said I. "'Oh, never mind about that, Mr. Wilson!' said Vincent Spaulding. 'I should be able to look a
million human beings all jostling each other within the space of a few square miles. Amid the action and reaction of so dense a swarm of humanity, 
 kingly guest Unclasp'd my practice, quit his fortunes here, Which you knew great, and to the certain hazard Of all incertainties himself commended, No richer than his honour. How 
of the hill, and the long slopes beneath me were all golden-green on one side and gray shadow on the other. A haze lay low upon the farthest sky-line, out of which jutted the fantasti
ze; It plucks out brains and all. But my Muse labors, And thus she is deliver'd. If she be fair and wise, fairness and wit, The
the horizon. Right across the enormous plain stretched the straggling array, waggons and carts, men on horseback, and men on
 anxious about the matter, and I should--" His remarks were suddenly cut short by a loud hubbub which broke out from the stall which we had just left. Turning round we saw
 ape of death, lie dull upon her! And be her sense but as a monument, Thus in a chapel lying! Come off, come off; [Taking off her bracelet] As slippery as the Gordian knot was hard! 'Tis mine; and th
all under which I crouched. Looking over, I saw the naturalist pause at the door of an out-house in the corner of the orchard. A key turned in a lock, and as he passed in there
flesh at a million a dram, you cannot preserve it from tainting. But I see you have some religion in you, that you fear. POSTHUMUS. This is but a custom in your tongue;
ATRA. Farewell, and thanks. Exit DOLABELLA Now, Iras, what think'st thou? Thou an Egyptian puppet shall be shown In Rome as well as I. Mechanic slaves, With greasy aprons, rules, and hammers, shall 
cial train which had been sent by the railroad company, and made a swift, unbroken journey out of the land of danger. It was the last time that ever either Ettie or her lover se
ves, cousin, do we not, To look so poorly and to speak so fair? Shall we call back Northumberland, and send Defiance to the traitor, and so die? AUMERLE. No, good my lord; let's fight with
u wish, then, that the gods had made me poetical? TOUCHSTONE. I do, truly, for thou swear'st to me thou art honest; now, if thou wert a poet, I might have some hope thou didst feign. 
in you will rush. The quicker the better; for he is as strong a man as I, and I may have more than I can manage. But I allow that I can hold him till you come." "It's a good plan," said McGinty
, Making his style admired every where. You to your beauteous blessings add a curse, Being fond on praise, which makes your praise
 half-opened drawer. In it lay some table linen and a large cork-screw. "Did Lady Brackenstall say that screw was used?" "No; you remember that s
re very notes of admiration. They seem'd almost, with staring on one another, to tear the cases of their eyes; there was speech in their dumbness, language
est gaze By the sweet power of music. Therefore the poet Did feign that Orpheus drew trees, stones, and floods; Since nought so stockish, hard, and full of rage, But music for the 
cing; For so appears this fleet majestical, Holding due course to Harfleur. Follow, follow! Grapple your minds to sternage of this navy And leave your England as dead midnight sti
Lower Grove Road, Reading. No, I have never seen this face which you show me in the photograph. You would hardly forget it, would you, sir, for I've seldom seen an uglier. Have we any Ital
 On a rock which overlooked the track, showing out dark and plain against the sky, there stood a solitary sentinel. He saw them as soon as they perceived him, and his military c
re was an old chest of drawers in the room, the two upper ones empty and open, the lower one locked. I had filled the first two with my linen, and as I had still much to pack away I was natu
hester; Except you mean with obstinate repulse To slay your sovereign and destroy the realm. You see what mischief, and what murder too, Hat
dle." "And the warning--it must have come from her!" "Exactly." The shape of some monstrous villainy, half seen, half guessed, loomed through the darkness which had girt 
 box, my good Holmes, I assure you. It matters nothing to me that you should know how my nephew died. It's not him we are talking about. It's you." "Yes, yes." "
-under and under-stand is all one. SPEED. But tell me true, will't be a match? LAUNCE. Ask my dog. If he say ay, it will; if he sa
ark ravines, and picks up such sustenance as it can amongst the rocks. These are the sole dwellers in the wilderness. In the whole world there ca
magined his crime to be a bloodless one, and hoped that if the body were consumed it would hide all traces of the method of his death--traces which for some reason must have pointed to him. Is 
also, to smell out work for th' other senses. I see this is the time that the unjust man doth thrive. What an exchange had this been without boot! What a boot is here wi
t." THE FINAL PROBLEM It is with a heavy heart that I take up my pen to write these the last words in which I shall ever record the singular gifts by which my friend Mr. Sher
and that there is an excellent reason for my reticence. It was, then, in a year, and even in a decade, that shall be nameless, that upon one Tue
ill it was whetted on thy stone-hard heart To revel in the entrails of my lambs. But that stiff use of grief makes wild grief tame, My tongue s
I am here; Deliver them this paper' having read it, Bid them repair to th' market-place, where I, Even in theirs and in the commons' ears, Will vouch the truth of i
e cooperation! The official release date of all Project Gutenberg Etexts is at Midnight, Central Time, of the last day of the
he while! If Hercules and Lichas play at dice Which is the better man, the greater throw May turn by fortune from the weaker band. So is Alcides beaten by his page; And so may I, blind Fortune 
e and nephew have been murdered--the one frightened to death by the very sight of a beast which he thought to be supernatural, the other driven to his end in his wild flight to escap
e the widow Exasperates, makes mad her sister Goneril; And hardly shall I carry out my side, Her husband being alive. Now then, we'll use His countenance for the battle, which being done, L
gar. JAQUES. [Aside] A material fool! AUDREY. Well, I am not fair; and therefore I pray the gods make me honest. TOUCHSTONE. Truly, and to cast away honesty upon a foul slut 
occurred to him that it was possible that he had lost the ring in the road after leaving the house. What would he do, then? He would eagerly look out for the evening papers i
of hunting is heard within. All the fairies run away. FALSTAFF pulls off his buck's head, and rises Enter PAGE, FORD, MISTRESS PAGE, M
s a pleasant walk of four miles along the edge of the moor, leading me at last to a small gray hamlet, in which two larger buildings, which proved to be the inn and the house of Dr. Mortimer, stood h
here may as well be amity and life 'Tween snow and fire as treason and my love. PORTIA. Ay, but I fear you speak upon the rack, Where men enforced do speak 
NG. 'Tis nobly spoken. Take notice, lords, he has a loyal breast, For you have seen him open 't. Read o'er this; [Giving him papers] And after, this; and th
its in one breast To answer twenty thousand such as you. SURREY. My Lord Fitzwater, I do remember well The very time Aumerle and you did talk. FITZWATER. 'Tis very true; you were in presenc
tocking, caddis-garter, smooth-tongue, Spanish-pouch- Fran. O Lord, sir, who do you mean? Prince. Why then, your brown bastard is your only drink; for look you, Francis, your white canvas doublet wil
t we do now?" "Shall we turn back?" "No, by thunder; we have come out to get our man, and we will do it. We after the convict, and a hell-hound, as likely as not, after us. Come on
 King I'll say't, and make my vouch as strong As shore of rock. Attend: this holy fox, Or wolf, or both-for he is equal rav'nous As he is su
ne was turning back; I slew the coward, and did take it from him. TITINIUS. O Cassius, Brutus gave the word too early, Who, having some advantage on Octavius, Took it too eagerly. His soldi
ey. I wonder none of you have thought of him. BRUTUS. Now, good Metellus, go along by him. He loves me well, and I have given him reasons; Send him but hither, and I'll fashio
at I have him. I must thank you for it all. I might not have gone but for you, and so have missed the finest study I ever came across: a study in scarl
shall be chang'd: Apollo flies, and Daphne holds the chase; The dove pursues the griffin; the mild hind Makes speed to catch the tiger- bootless speed, Whe
he with thee? And when shalt thou see him again? Answer me in one word. CELIA. You must borrow me Gargantua's mouth first; 'tis a word too great for any mouth of this age's size. To say ay and no to
ere guilty of the death of two human beings--a father and a daughter--and that they had, therefore, forfeited their own lives. After the lapse of time that has passed since their crim
rstand, to live with her sister in Croydon, and things jogged on much the same as ever at home. And then came this week and all the misery and ruin. "'It was in this way. We had gone 
they had already arranged for passages to America or the Colonies." "But the launch? They could not have taken that to their lodgings." "Quite so. I argued that t
gon hath ta'en his oath, And comes to his election presently. Flourish of cornets. Enter the PRINCE OF ARRAGON, PORTIA, and their trains PORTIA. Be
hwith a power of English shall we levy, Whose arms were moulded in their mother's womb To chase these pagans in those holy fields Over whose acres walk'd those blessed feet 
 We regard this case as one of murder, and the evidence may implicate not only your friend Mr. Stapleton, but his wife as well." The lady sprang from her chair. "His wife!" she cried. "Th
RCIUS. Pray now, no more; my mother, Who has a charter to extol her blood, When she does praise me grieves me. I have done As you have d
he rareness of the disease. You may believe, than, that I was in my consulting-room when, at the appointed hour, the page showed in the patient. He was an elderly man, thin
ans of roaring wind and rain, I never Remember to have heard. Man's nature cannot carry Th' affliction nor the fear. Lear. Let the great gods, That keep this dreadful pud
ts within] So- This is to horse. Adieu, noble Agrippa. AGRIPPA. Good fortune, worthy soldier, and farewell. Enter CAESAR, ANTONY, LEPIDUS, and OCTAVIA ANTONY. No further, sir. CAESAR.
m. Of nothing. Bring me to him. Hide fox, and all after. Exeunt. Scene III. Elsinore. A room in the Castle. Enter King. King. I have sent to seek him and to find the body. How dangerous is it that
Higgins of this lodge, whose address you know. He will show them when to act and where. Yours in freedom, "J. W. Windle D. M. A. O. F. "Windle has never refused us when we have had occa
re here!" "Yes, there was a ring. His signet-ring." "And you are sure that this is your husband's hand?" "One of his hands." "One?" "His hand when he wrote hurriedly. It is v
re but poor men that are trying in our own way to get our rights." Ettie threw her arms round her lover's neck. "Give it up, Jack! For my sake, for God's sake, give it 
 with thy teeth; and be this dismal sight The closing up of our most wretched eyes. Now is a time to storm; why art thou still? TITUS. Ha, ha, ha! MARCUS. Why dost thou laugh? It
xt me and the peers; And be thou he. MESSENGER. With all my heart, my liege. Exit KING JOHN. My mother dead! Re-enter HUBERT HUBERT. My lord, they say five moons were seen to-night
inted at the breakfast-table when he opened it, and from that day he sickened to his death. What was in the letter we could never discover, but I could see as he held it that it was 
 that would never tire, I'll meet thee, Pyramus, at Ninny's tomb. QUINCE. 'Ninus' tomb,' man! Why, you must not speak that yet; that you answer to 
obility; And were I anything but what I am, I would wish me only he. COMINIUS. You have fought together? MARCIUS. Were half to half the world by th
ht have softened; but now, when two black-clothed gentlemen sat in the little circle of light thrown by a shaded lamp, one's voice became hushed and one's spirit subdued. A dim line of ance
GHAM YORK. O blood-bespotted Neapolitan, Outcast of Naples, England's bloody scourge! The sons of York, thy betters in their birth, Shall be their father's bail; and bane to t
your Grace from being Regent I' th' parts of France, till term of eighteen months Be full expir'd. Thanks, uncle Winchester, Gloucester, York, Buckingham, Somerset, Salisbury, and W
children, on their way to Agra, where were the nearest troops. Mr. Abelwhite was an obstinate man. He had it in his head that the affair had been exaggerated, and that 
S. O brother, speak with possibility, And do not break into these deep extremes. TITUS. Is not my sorrow deep, having no bottom? Then be my passions bottoml
ety for a safe return again, And In the morning early shall mine uncle Bring him our purposes; and so farewell. Blunt. I would you would accept of grace and love. Hot. A
t's all these goings-on, sir," he cried at last, waving his hand towards the rain-lashed window which faced the moor. "There's foul play somewhere, and there's black vi
iting for the man who was coming to his death. "Suddenly my eye caught the glint of a shaded lantern at the other side of the moat. It vanished among the mound-
 MARSHAL. My lord, no leave take I, for I will ride As far as land will let me by your side. GAUNT. O, to what purpose dost thou hoard thy words, That thou r
or. There was no possible escape. He forgot his gloves, but he caught up his shoes and darted into the bedroom. You observe that the scratch on that table is s
ll not, More than a lodg'd hate and a certain loathing I bear Antonio, that I follow thus A losing suit against him. Are you answered? BASSANIO. This is no answer, thou unfeeling m
y, to fortuna de la guerra. I wish you the peace of mind, most royal couplement! Exit ARMADO KING. Here is like to be a good presence of Worthies. He presents Hector of Troy; the swain, Pompey the G
 instruction. Ladders, ho! Enter the army of the Volsces MARCIUS. They fear us not, but issue forth their city. Now put your shields before your hearts, and fight With hearts more proof than shield
ch, God He knows, Seldom or never jumpeth with the heart. Those uncles which you want were dangerous; Your Grace attended to their sug'red words But look'd not on the poison of their hearts. 
the fourth would return for conscience' sake, to help to get thee a wife. SECOND CITIZEN. YOU are never without your tricks; you may, you ma
tting-room. There is a comfortable sofa. This way, please!" Slowly and solemnly he was borne into Briony Lodge and laid out in the principal room, while I still observed the proceedings
dvice. Save thou the child, so we may all be safe. AARON. Then sit we down and let us all consult. My son and I will have the wind of you: Keep there; now talk at pleasure of your safety. [Th
elementary, but I must go back to business, Watson. Would you mind reading me the advertised description of Mr. Hosmer Angel?" I held the little printed slip to the light. "
ber, To take a note of what I stand in need of To furnish me upon my longing journey. All that is mine I leave at thy dispose, My goods, my lands, my reputation; 
, Mr. Holmes, but I give you my word that I got a shake when I put my head into that little house. It was droning like a harmonium with the flies and bluebottles, and the floor and walls were li
bed that way, friar. DUKE. It is too general a vice, and severity must cure it. LUCIO. Yes, in good sooth, the vice is of a great kindred; it is well allied; but it is impossible to extirp it 
ides, who brought it to the ears of the commandant. A thorough search was quickly made, and the body was discovered. Thus at the very moment that we thought that all was safe we were all four se
 Achilles, And bid the snail-pac'd Ajax arm for shame. There is a thousand Hectors in the field; Now here he fights on Galathe his horse, And there lacks work; anon he's there afoot, And
 joke unless some more sinister meaning should prove to be attached to the incident. At two o'clock yesterday afternoon a small packet, wrapped in brown paper, was handed in by the postman. A cardbo
n, you, I pray you, which is the way to master Jew's? LAUNCELOT. [Aside] O heavens! This is my true-begotten father, who, being more than sand-blind, high-gravel blind, knows me n
rd- SECOND VARRO'S SERVANT. My lord- TIMON. Tear me, take me, and the gods fall upon you! Exit HORTENSIUS. Faith, I perceive our masters may throw their caps at their mon
rowth again, It must needs wither; I'll smell it on the tree. Kisses her. O, balmy breath, that dost almost persuade Justice to break her sword! One more, one more; Be thus when thou 
first floor into a sitting-room and bedroom for himself. He was a man of singular habits, shunning company and very seldom going out. His life was irregular, but in one respect he was regularity it
ore and less, Resolvedly more leisure shall express. All yet seems well; and if it end so meet, The bitter past, more welcome is the sweet. [Flourish] EPILOGUE EPILOG
ose coming is the forerunner of death. "Cocks and hens," cried the little girl gleefully, pointing at their ill-omened forms, and clapping her hands to make them rise. "Say, did God make t
eak but well When most the truth; which I receive much better Than to be pitied of thee. Prithee, bring me To the dead bodies of my queen and son. One grave shall be for both. Upon them shall The
lant eye, The counsellor heart, the arm our soldier, Our steed the leg, the tongue our trumpeter, With other muniments and petty helps Is this our fabric, if that they- MENENIUS. What then? Fore
women and children be treated as they were in Cawnpore. Maybe you gentlemen think that I am just making out a case for myself, but I give you my word that when I thought of that, though I felt the
nd advise him for a better place. Yet you are amaz'd, but this shall absolutely resolve you. Come away; it is almost clear dawn. Exeunt SCENE III. The prison Enter POMPEY POMPEY. 
oving words! Injurious wasps, to feed on such sweet honey And kill the bees that yield it with your stings! I'll kiss each several paper for amends. Look, here is writ 'kind Julia.' Unkind Ju
 I could just make out the bushes on the lawn, and it seemed to me for a moment that I saw something moving among them. I couldn't even say if it was man or
 McGinty." "You are not so new that you can't give a gentleman his proper title." "He's Councillor McGinty, young man,"
 hurried retreat--very hurried, since he had not time to replace the papers which would tell you that he had been there. 
 in his gifts and in his experience. Holmes was not prone to friendship, but he was tolerant of the big Scotchman
 to the edge of the mere, where they vanished close to the gravel path which leads out of the grounds. The l
, which this ass now o'erreaches; one that would circumvent God, might it not? Hor. It might, my lord. Ham. Or of a courtier, which could s
. FORD. There is a gentlewoman in this town, her husband's name is Ford. FALSTAFF. Well, sir. FORD. I have long lov'd her, and, I protest to you, bestowed much on her; foll
BASSANIO, with LEONARDO, with a FOLLOWER or two BASSANIO. You may do so; but let it be so hasted that supper be ready at the farthest by f
CLOWN. Where, good Mistress Mary? MARIA. In the wars; and that may you be bold to say in your foolery. CLOWN. Well, God give th
Clarence, Edward's brother, Were but a feigned friend to our proceedings. But welcome, sweet Clarence; my daughter shall be thine. And now what rests but, in night's coverture, Thy brother being ca
ESSIDA. With millstones. PANDARUS. And Cassandra laugh'd. CRESSIDA. But there was a more temperate fire under the pot of her eyes. Did 
HUBERT. Lord Bigot, I am none. BIGOT. Who kill'd this prince? HUBERT. 'Tis not an hour since I left him well. I honour'd h
LAND. I pray thee, loving wife, and gentle daughter, Give even way unto my rough affairs; Put not you on the visage of the times And be, like them, to Percy troublesome. LADY NORTHUMBERLAND. I hav
MMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1603 ALLS WELL THAT ENDS WELL by William Shakespeare Dramatis Person
Mortimers, but only one who could be our visitor. I read his record aloud. "Mortimer, James, M.R.C.S., 1882, Grimpen, Dartmoor, Devon. House-surgeon, from 1882 to 1884,
NTHINO. I think your lordship is not ignorant How his companion, youthful Valentine, Attends the Emperor in his royal court. ANTONIO. I know it well. PANTHINO. 'Twere good, I think, your 
RIOLANUS, VOLUMNIA, VIRGILIA, MENENIUS, COMINIUS, with the young NOBILITY of Rome CORIOLANUS. Come, leave your tears
and the servants all sleep upstairs. I shouted, however, and that brought Joseph down, and he roused the others. Joseph and the groom found marks on the bed out
desire to tell me. It is very late, and I should desire the interview to be as short as possible." "At the best it must take some time," he answered; "for we shall certainly have to go t
for his sake, Did I expose myself, pure for his love, Into the danger of this adverse town; Drew to defend him when he was beset; Where being apprehended, his false cunning, Not
ied gown'- GRUMIO. Master, if ever I said loose-bodied gown, sew me in the skirts of it and beat me to death wit
ld have been my son; I therein would have found issue. Hear me profess sincerely: had I a dozen sons, each in my love alike, and none less dea
of hands? To bid Aeneas tell the tale twice o'er How Troy was burnt and he made miserable? O, handle not the theme, to talk of hands, Lest we remember still that we have none. Fie, fie, how franticl
of what I have done, with some indication of what we are about to do. Now it must be evident to you, Watson, that this young man's body was 
ooked up at us it seemed to me that I had never looked upon a face which bore such marks of grief, and of something beyond grief--of a horror such as comes to few men in a lifetime.
ot been moved for many a long year. Brunton had not been at work here. I tapped upon the floor, but it sounded the same all over, and there was no sign of any crack
s she. "Where's Sarah?" I asked. "In the kitchen," says she. "Sarah," says I as I went in, "this man Fairbairn is never to darken my door again." "Why not?" says 
t father; but they both said never to mind about father, but just to tell him afterwards, and mother said she would make it all right with him. I didn'
t on of her and ill thought on of you; gone between and between, but small thanks for my labour. TROILUS. What, art thou angry, Pandarus? What, with me? PANDARUS. Because she's kin to me, therefore 
to your honour and to your love of justice. Take it! You will deliver it at the Russian Embassy. Now I have done my duty, and--" "Stop her!" cried Holmes. He had bounded across the room and had wre
u, Sir William Brandon- And you, Sir Walter Herbert-stay with me. The Earl of Pembroke keeps his regiment; Good Captain Blunt, bear my good night to him, And by
ur first; or if it did not, Your first is dead- or 'twere as good he were As living here and you no use of him. Jul. Speak'st thou this from th
ve been a blind. It may have been hidden somewhere and the pair gone off on foot." "Quite so; but it seems rather an absurd blind, does it not? Were there other bicycles in this shed?" "Sev
y-and-by. Pol. I will say so. Exit. Ham. 'By-and-by' is easily said.- Leave me, friends. [Exeunt all but Hamlet.] 'Tis now the very witching time of night, When churchyards yawn, and hel
y Disdain! are you yet living? Beat. Is it possible Disdain should die while she hath such meet food to feed it as Signior Benedick? Courtesy itself must conv
] QUEEN. How fares my lord? Help, lords! The King is dead. SOMERSET. Rear up his body; wring him by the nose. QUEEN. Run, go, help, help! O Henr
s alone. PROTEUS. Then let her alone. VALENTINE. Not for the world! Why, man, she is mine own; And I as rich in having such a jewel As twenty seas, if all their sand were pearl, The water nectar,
o clouds more clouds with his deep sighs; But all so soon as the all-cheering sun Should in the farthest East bean to draw The shady curtains from Aurora's bed, Away from light steals home my 
n here." "Mr. Holmes, I implore you not to tell him that I came here." Holmes bowed coldly, and motioned the lady to a chair.
t in the stalls wrapped in the most perfect happiness, gently waving his long, thin fingers in time to the music, while his gently smiling 
e of the police, for, of course, if her son had heard her speak of the man in this fashion it would p
d. DUKE. My daughter takes his going grievously. PROTEUS. A little time, my lord, will kill that grief. DUKE. So I believe; but Thurio th
d. John. My lord and brother, God save you. Pedro. Good den, brother. John. If your leisure serv'd, I would speak wit
he asked a thing which I could not give. He asked for Alice. "His son, you see, had grown up, and so had my girl, and as I was known to be in weak health, it seemed a fine stroke to him that his la
Certainly--but what a wretched weapon! If there is danger--" "Nothing serious, my dear Watson, or I should certainly ask for 
en away. They call'd us, for our fierceness, English dogs; Now like to whelps we crying run away. [A short alarum] Hark, co
on thy back o'er the dirt. Thou hadst little wit in thy bald crown when thou gav'st thy golden one away. If I speak like myself in thi
er Nurse. Nurse. Madam! Jul. Nurse? Nurse. Your lady mother is coming to your chamber. The day is brok
me again. DIOMEDES. Whose was't? CRESSIDA. It is no matter, now I ha't again. I will not meet with you to-morrow night. I prithee, Diomed, visit me no m
b, and I could see by his drawn brow and his vacant eye that he was thinking intently. Miss Morstan and I chatted in an undertone abo
re being an understanding between the burglar and the servant, and this being a note of appointment from one to the other
at ever made eye swerve, had force and knowledge More than was ever man's, I would not prize them Without her love; for her employ them all; Commend them and condemn them to her service Or to the
at it was from the roof, and not from a carriage, that he had fallen." "Could it not have been dropped from a bridge?" "I should say it was impossible. If you exa
h, welcome; if thou want'st anything and wilt not call, beshrew thy heart. Welcome, my little tiny thief and welcome indeed too. I'll drink to Master Bardolph, and to all the cabileros about Londo
on. Leon. Which is the villain? Let me see his eyes, That, when I note another man like him, I may avoid him. Which of these is he? Bora. If you would know your wronger, look on me. Leon. Ar
brother's plea, and none of mine; The which if he can prove, 'a pops me out At least from fair five hundred pound a year. Heaven guard my mother's honour and my land! KING
er. ANTONIO. I'll be thy second. Exeunt SEBASTIAN and ANTONIO GONZALO. All three of them are desperate; their great guilt,
BLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT
m." I have so deep a respect for the extraordinary qualities of Holmes that I have always deferred to h
ll; If they will fight with us, bid them come down Or void the field; they do offend our sight. If they'll do neither, we will come to them
ood William. What is he, William, that does lend articles? WILLIAM. Articles are borrowed of the pronoun, and be thus declined: Singulariter, nominativo; h
 be a very difficult matter. There are not such a very great number of civilians, and a deformed man was sur
our beggars bodies, and our monarchs and outstretch'd heroes the beggars' shadows. Shall we to th' court? for, by my fay, I cannot reason. Both. We'll wait upon you. Ham. No such matter! I will not s
 my guard, I prithee. DIOMEDES. What, ho! the Emperor's guard! The guard, what ho! Come, your lord calls! Enter four or 
two in the morning, and as the house was an empty one, suspected that something was amiss. He found the door open, and in the front room, which is bare of furniture, discovered the body of 
for it was that of none other than--well, perhaps even to you I had better say no more than that it was a name which is a household word all over the earth--one of the high
ome of the chiefest princes of the Goths; Bid him encamp his soldiers where they are. Tell him the Emperor and the Empress too Feast at my hous
 me that I have been making a fool of myself from the beginning. I understand now, what I should never have forgotten, that I am the pupil and you are the master.
ple to the youngest; to th' more mature A glass that feated them; and to the graver A child that guided dotards. To his 
here will be bloody work here before morning." "Well, indeed then, Mac," Scanlan answered. "It's not the will but the nerve that is wanting in me
y therefore I thank God and thee; He was the author, thou the instrument. Therefore, that I may conquer fortune's spite By living low where fortune cannot hurt 
, you have nothing to complain of. You have received your rent, and he is not a troublesome lodger, though he
 hast thou been this month? Prince. Dost thou speak like a king? Do thou stand for me, and I'll play my father. Fal. Depose me? If thou dost 
nter SERVANT CHAMBERLAIN. How now! what is't? SERVANT. A noble troop of strangers- For so they seem. Th' have left their barge and landed, And hither make, as great ambassadors Fr
 and be gone. COURTEZAN. Give me the ring of mine you had at dinner, Or, for my diamond, the chain you promis'd, And I'll be gone, sir, and not
ould from a paddock, from a bat, a gib Such dear concernings hide? Who would do so? No, in despite of 
anks of the Amoy River in southern China and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blu
stay with us in Rouen. DAUPHIN. Not so, I do beseech your Majesty. FRENCH KING. Be patient, for you shall remain with us. Now forth, Lord Constable
sway, It is enthroned in the hearts of kings, It is an attribute to God himself; And earthly power doth then show likest God's When mercy sea
ndone. MRS. FORD. 'Tis not so, I hope. MRS. PAGE. Pray heaven it be not so that you have such a man here; but 'tis most certain your husband's coming, with h
re they had become partners in a successful mining claim at a place called Benito Canyon. They had done very well; but Douglas had suddenly sold out and started for England. He was a widower at
S. Are they thy ministers? What are they call'd? TAMORA. Rape and Murder; therefore called so 'Cause they take vengeance of such kind of men. TITUS. Good Lord, how like the Empress' sons they are!
blood in his liver as will clog the foot of a flea, I'll eat the rest of th' anatomy. FABIAN. And his opposite, the youth, bears in his visage no great presage of cruelty. Enter MARIA SIR TOBY
Or if it be, 'tis with false sorrow's eye, Which for things true weeps things imaginary. QUEEN. It may be so; but yet my inward soul Persuades me it is otherwise. Howe'er it be, I 
e the letter that thy father found, And hid the gold within that letter mention'd, Confederate with the Queen and her two sons; And what not done, that thou hast cause to rue, Wherein I had 
g rid of the man whom he feared. William was decoyed up and shot, and had they only got the whole of the note and paid a little more attention to detail in the accessories, it is very poss
ht up to the road, two stories. Chubb lock to the door. Large sitting-room on the right side, well furnished, with long windows almost to the floor, and those preposterous English window fast
 am now With Time's injurious hand crushed and o'erworn, When hours have drained his blood and filled his brow With lines and wrinkles, when his youthful morn Hath travelled on to age's steepy night,
s! Hast thou by secret means Us'd intercession to obtain a league, And now the matter grows to compromise Stand'st thou aloof upon comparison? Either accept the title thou usurp'st, Of benefit
 that. I'll bear what you have said in mind, and maybe some day I'll come back to it. I expect you meant kindly by speaking to me like this. Now I'll be getting home." "One word befor
humour his men with the imputation of being near their master; if to his men, I would curry with Master Shallow that no man could better command his servants. It
R. Why should you think that I should woo in scorn? Scorn and derision never come in tears. Look when I vow, I weep; and vows so born, In their nativity all truth appears. How can th
ame it. ANNE. Some dungeon. GLOUCESTER. Your bed-chamber. ANNE. Ill rest betide the chamber where thou liest! G
hat- He should, or he should not; for he made me mad To see him shine so brisk, and smell so sweet, And talk so like a waiting gentlewoman Of guns and drums and wounds- God
le hath more terror in his look, Much more than death. Do not say 'banishment.' Friar. Hence from Verona art thou banished. Be pati
nful loving, O but with mine, compare thou thine own state, And thou shalt find it merits not reproving, Or if it do, not from those lips of thine, That have profaned
ammered Gregson. "I have just come from his room," said Lestrade. "I was the first to discover what had occurred." "We have been hearing Gregson's view of the mat
ave you for if Dr. Roylott returned and saw us our journey would be in vain. Good-bye, and be brave, for if you will do what I have told
n front of the smouldering fire, and long into the watches of the night I heard the low, melancholy wailings of his violin, and knew that he was still pon
ard his screams--my God, those screams!--and yet have been unable to save him! Where is this brute of a hound which drove him to his death? It may be 
ghness' service. KING EDWARD. What service wilt thou do me if I give them? LADY GREY. What you command that rests in me t
nt, And should you fall he is the next will mount; Me seemeth, then, it is no policy- Respecting what a rancorous mind he bears, And his advantage following your decease- That he should come 
not dispraise, but in a kind of praise, Naming thy name, blesses an ill report. O what a mansion have tho
 Why dost thou weep? Canst thou the conscience lack To think I shall lack friends? Secure thy heart: If I would broach the vessels of my love, And try the argument of hearts by borrowing, M
nk I see how things worked, and I can understand how this message would, as you say, bring them to a head. But while we wait you might tell me
nts, for in his right hand he held a small knife, which was clotted with blood up to the handle, while in his left he clasped a red and black silk cravat, 
 account of the taking of the place by a parliamentary colonel in 1644, of the concealment of Charles for sev
even way, but no such friend. Bene. May a man do it? Beat. It is a man's office, but not yours. Bene. I do love nothing in the world so well as you
y have been his client." "Try Canadian Pacific Railway," said Holmes. Stanley Hopkins swore between his teeth and struck his
 "Then if it is really necessary we can go into my room." "If it is not too much trouble." The J.P. shrugged his shoulders, and led the way into his own chamber, which was a pla
cury'; This 'To Apollo'; this 'To the God of War'- Sweet scrolls to fly about the streets of Rome! What's this but libelling against the Senate, And blazoning our unjustice ev
e room--in the one case a fire, in the other a lamp. The fire was needed, but the lamp was lit--as a comparison of the
 as if you were studying the character in his features. Then your eyes ceased to pucker, but you continued to look across, and your face was thoughtful. You were recalling the incidents 
t points, Holmes desired to be led to the court-yard, from which we all followed the winding track which led to Boscombe Pool. Sherlock Holmes was transformed when he was hot upon such a scen
 Monster, I will kill this man; his daughter and I will be King and Queen-save our Graces!-and Trinculo and thyself shall be viceroys. Dost thou like the plot, Trincu
ife is as honest a omans as I will desires among five thousand, and five hundred too. CAIUS. By gar, I see 'tis an honest woman. FORD. Well, I promis'd you a dinner. Come, come, walk in 
s-headed, of the sort which is known as a "Penang lawyer." Just under the head was a broad silver band nearly an inch across. "To James Mortimer, M.R.C.S., from his friends of the C.C.H.," was e
e through with that," he nodded at my papers, "you will say I've brought you something fresh." Inspector MacDonald had been staring at the newcomer with the greatest amazement. "W
h. As for words, whose greatness answers words, Let this my sword report what speech forbears. CADE. By my valour, the most complete champion th
 [Laertes wounds Hamlet; then] in scuffling, they change rapiers, [and Hamlet wounds Laertes]. King. Part them! They are incens'd. Ham. Nay come! again! The Queen falls. O
LLOW. Yea, Davy; I will use him well. A friend i' th' court is better than a penny in purse. Use his men well, Davy; for they are arrant knaves and will backbite
 tell you. KING. Take her away. DIANA. I'll put in bail, my liege. KING. I think thee now some common customer
mmons Have of their puissance made a little taste. LADY PERCY. If they get ground and vantage of the King, Then join you with them, like a rib of steel, To make strength stronger; but, for all 
and resumed his seat. For a minute or more we all sat in silence. Then the old statesman shrugged his shoulders. "We must accept
t land-rakers, no long-staff sixpenny strikers, none of these mad mustachio purple-hued maltworms; but with nobility, and tranquillity, burgomasters and great oneyers, such
as I am now With Time's injurious hand crushed and o'erworn, When hours have drained his blood and filled his brow With lines and wrin
ves. Enter MARDIAN O, thy vile lady! She has robb'd me of my sword. MARDIAN. No, Antony; My mistress lov'd thee, and her fortunes mingled With thine e
r.] Poins! Poins. [within] Anon, anon, sir. Enter Poins. Prince. Sirrah, Falstaff and the rest of the thieves are at the door. Shall we be merry? Poins. As merry as crickets, my lad. But har
t of three brothers of whom poor Sir Charles was the elder. The second brother, who died young, is the fath
 man had a danger hanging over him, and knew what it was, don't you think he would turn to the police for protection?" "Maybe it was some danger that h
n they are deliver'd. OLIVIA. Open't, and read it. CLOWN. Look then to be well edified when the fool delivers t
 what does it mean now that you have found it?" asked Gregson in a depreciatory voice. "Mean? Why, it means that the writer wa
ng the top of the oak. I fastened the rod on end, marked out the direction of the shadow, and measured it. It was nine feet in length. "Of course the calculation now was 
rough salt of the quality used for preserving hides and other of the coarser commercial purposes. And embedded in it are these very singular enclosures." He took out the two ear
t Monmouth should win all, And Henry born at Windsor should lose all. Which is so plain that Exeter doth wish His days may finish ere
 He balanced the watch in his hand, gazed hard at the dial, opened the back, and examined the works, first with his naked eyes and then with a powerful convex lens. I
Enter DUKE, ESCALUS, LORDS, and ATTENDANTS DUKE. Escalus! ESCALUS. My lord. DUKE. Of government the properties to unfold Would seem in me t' affect speech an
will smile; I will do everything that thou wilt have me. Exit FABIAN. I will not give my part of this sport for a p
in respect, a child; And men ne'er spend their fury on a child. What's worse than murderer, that I may name it? No, no, my heart will burs
That if one break, the other will hold; or if both break, your gaskins fall. CLOWN. Apt, in good faith, very apt! Well, g
ayes, since it was evident that it was impossible to inform the police where he was without telling them also 
! What, ho! my lord, my lord! OTHELLO. What noise is this? Not dead? not yet quite dead? I that am cruel am yet merciful; I would not have thee linger in thy pain. So, so. E
the service of the time, and was Discipled of the bravest. He lasted long; But on us both did haggish age 
t unfair to suppose that for some reason the treaty has not reached them." Lord Holdhurst shrugged his shoulders. "We can hardly suppose, Mr. Holmes, that the thief too
he masks. We shall have some cold supper before we start. It is now nine-thirty. At eleven we shall drive as far as Chur
ve in tennis, and tall stockings, Short blist'red breeches, and those types of travel And understand again like honest men, Or pack to their old playfellows. T
e; No one but he should be about the King; And that engenders thunder in his breast And makes him roar these accusations forth. But he shall know I am as good GLOUCESTER
INE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL US
ed most, For all my vows are oaths but to misuse thee: And all my honest faith in thee is lost. For I have sworn deep oaths of thy deep k
wn attention at the time, and the whole of next day I was busy at the bedside of the sufferer. It was not until close upon six o'clock that I found myself free and was able to spring 
 heaven that he has gone, for he has brought nothing but trouble here! I've not heard of him since I left out food for him last, and that was three days ago." "Did y
ce than with honesty? Ham. Ay, truly; for the power of beauty will sooner transform honesty from what it
o disfurnish myself against such a good time, when I might ha' shown myself honourable! How unluckily 
n my pocket; on the other, the look of the offices, the absence of name on the wall, and other of the points which would strike a bu
ut I confess that this is entirely new to me. The object of those who invented the system has apparently been to conceal that these characters convey a message, and t
ng!" We heard the steps of our visitors descend the stair and the bang of the front door. In an instant Holmes had changed from the languid dreamer to the man of action. "Your hat an
 BASTARD. How I have sped among the clergymen The sums I have collected shall express. But as I travell'd hither through the land, I
or my master, in the way of marriage. QUICKLY. This is all, indeed, la! but I'll ne'er put my finger in the fire, and need not. CAIUS.
s: a study in scarlet, eh? Why shouldn't we use a little art jargon. There's the scarlet thread of murder running through the colourless skein of life, and our d
Sure, I said I would not." "I would ask you, then, when you joined the Freeman's society in Chicago and sw
ld have become of him now? "'Of course we searched the house from cellar to garret, but there was no trace of him. It is, as I have said, a labyrinth of an old house, especially the original wing
ith such a sneering, leering, insolent face that I would have knocked him down twenty times over if he had been a man of my own age. I tell you
e humorous man shall end his part in peace; the clown shall make those laugh whose lungs are tickle o' th' sere; and the lady
d in a fit, on which Sholto walked off with the treasure. How's that?" "On which the dead man very considerately got up and loc
ort a date: Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines, And often is his gold complexion dimmed, And every fair from fair sometime decline
aith, she's too curst. Beat. Too curst is more than curst. I shall lessen God's sending that way, for it is said, 'God sends a curst cow sho
 the past, Mr. Douglas," said Sherlock Holmes quietly. "What we desire now is to hear your story of the present." "You'll have it, sir," said Douglas. "May I smoke as I talk? Well, thank
sanguine star; It was a mark of wonder. BELARIUS. This is he, Who hath upon him still that natural stamp. It was wise nature's end in 
And now I made a very careful examination of the corner of paper which the Inspector had submitted to us. It was at once clear to me that it formed part of a very 
ur fair client seemed a little confused. "Who was he?" asked Holmes. "Oh, it may be a mere fancy of mine; but it has seemed to me
ive the signal to our rage, And stalk in blood to our possession? CITIZEN. In brief: we are the King of England's subjects; For him, and in his right, we hold this town. KING JOHN. Acknowledg
 down the bank to the right, and he to the left, but I had not taken fifty paces before I heard him give a shout, and s
t here which you will take to my brother. You will find him at 126b Corporation Street, where the temporary offices of the company are situated. Of course he must confirm your engagement, but be
 will go. Enter Publius, Brutus, Ligarius, Metellus, Casca, Trebonius, and Cinna. And look where Publius is com
n, it is a very common book." "What you say certainly sounds plausible." "So we have contracted our field of search to a large book, printed in double columns and in common use." "
bear them to my house. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Run, master, run; for God's sake take a house. This is some priory. In, o
. Kent. This is nothing, fool. Fool. Then 'tis like the breath of an unfeed lawyer- you gave me nothing for't. Can you make no use of no
da Dockyard, so that there is really no tie between them. I think that that bit of news has consoled young McCarthy for all that he has suffered." "But if he is innocent, who has done it?" "Ah! wh
dly got outside the hut when I heard someone coming, and I hid among the bushes. A man came slinking along, went into the hut, gave a cry as if he had seen a ghost, and legge
the grace I beg. DUKE. Come hither, Mariana. Say, wast thou e'er contracted to this woman? ANGELO. I was, my lord. DUKE. Go, take
land farmers. There is our friend Dr. Mortimer, whom I believe to be entirely honest, and there is his wife, of whom we know nothing. There
beguil'd. SECOND GUARD. There's Dolabella sent from Caesar; call him. FIRST GUARD. What work is here! Charmian, is this well d
 Robert Shallow; I will make the King do you grace. I will leer upon him, as 'a comes by; and do but mark the countenance that he will give me. PISTOL. God bless thy lu
, and ATTENDANTS VIOLA. I thank you. Here comes the Count. DUKE. Who saw Cesario, ho? VIOLA. On your attendance, my lord, he
lson Kemp--a man of the foulest antecedents. These two, finding that through his ignorance of the language he was helpless in their hands, had kept him a prisoner, an
Have woe to woe, sorrow to sorrow join'd. BUSHY. Despair not, madam. QUEEN. Who shall hinder me? I will despair, an
out your tricks; you may, you may. THIRD CITIZEN. Are you all resolv'd to give your voices? But that's no matter, the greater part carries it. I sa
is cigar. I heard the creak of a door and the crisp sound of boots upon gravel. The steps passed along the path o
e hither you have measur'd miles, And many miles, the Princess bids you tell How many inches doth fill up one mile. BEROWNE. Tell her we measure them by weary steps. BOYET. She hears he
hysician that should be the patient. AJAX. An all men were a my mind- ULYSSES. [Aside] Wit would be out of 
n. LORD. Thou art a lord, and nothing but a lord. Thou hast a lady far more beautiful Than any woman in this waning age. FIRST SERVANT. And, till the 
 and fall out with the dug! Shake, quoth the dovehouse! 'Twas no need, I trow, To bid me trudge. And since that time it is eleven years, For th
nk the matter out in the fresh morning air. "I went as far as the Crystal Palace, spent an hour in the grounds, and was back in Norbury by one o'clock. It happened that my way took me pa
, I am going this instant to fetch him." I turned resolutely to the door. Never have I had such a shock! In an instant, with a tiger-spring, the dying man had 
some day citizens of the same world-wide country under a flag which shall be a quartering of the Union Jack with the Stars and Stripes." "The case has been an interesting one," rem
you! We have done our course; there's money for your pains. I pray you, turn the key, and keep our counsel. Exit. 
a dense shrubbery, and I saw no more of my man. However, it seemed to me that I had done a fairly good morning's work, and I walked back in hi
d, he wants money. Bene. I have the toothache. Pedro. Draw it. Bene. Hang it! Claud. You must hang it first and draw 
RDINER. I shall remember this bold language. CROMWELL. Do. Remember your bold life too. CHANCELLOR. This is too much; Forbear, for shame, my lords
uite reach it, put his knee on the bracket--you will see the impression in the dust--and so got his knife to bear upon the cord. I could not reach the 
, to th' sea-side. CAMILLO. The swifter speed the better. Exeunt FLORIZEL, PERDITA, and CAMILLO AUTOLYCUS. I under
D MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT 
 it was to Miss S. Cushing. Now, the oldest sister would, of course, be Miss Cushing, and although her initial was 'S' it might bel
earned the reward. I know where your son is, and I know some, at least, of those who are holding him
 as they give out. I like your work, And you shall find I like it; wait attendance Till you hear further from me. PAINTER. The gods preserve ye! TIMON. Well fare you, gentl
glancing round him at the gloomy slopes of the hill and at the huge lake of fog which lay over the Grimpen Mire. "I see the lights of a house ahead of us." "That is Merripit House and the 
 live with him and he was very kind to me in his way. When he was sober he used to be fond of playing backgammon
me vicious mole of nature in them, As in their birth,- wherein they are not guilty, Since nature cannot choose his origin,- By the o'ergrowth of some complexion, Oft breaking down the pales and forts
 had been intimate with the lady in her early life, a combination which contained two E's with three letters between might very well stand for the name 'ELSIE.'
olutely concentrated upon the matter before him that a question or remark fell unheeded upon his ears, or, at the most, only provoked a quick, impatient snarl in reply. Swiftly and sil
s I must you con That you are thieves profess'd, that you work not In holier shapes; for there is boundless theft In limited professions. Rascal thieves, Here's gold. Go, suck the sub
ke good room. [Exit Antonio.] Enter, [masked,] Don Pedro, Claudio, Benedick, and Balthasar. [With them enter Antonio, also masked. Afte
d thy breath! Brave Death by speaking, whether he will or no; Imagine him a Frenchman and thy foe. Poor boy! he smiles, methinks, as who should say, Had Death been 
nt YORKISTS [March. WARWICK and his company follow] SCENE II. A field of battle near Barnet Alarum and excursions. Enter KING EDWARD, bringing forth WARWICK, wounded
pen the window, and looked out. How quiet and sweet and wholesome the garden looked in the moonlight, and it could not b
y, And the rude son should strike his father dead; Force should be right; or, rather, right and wrong- B
footpath led across to the lonely cottage. Holmes tied the dog to the hedge, and we hastened onwards. My friend knocked a
roofs some distance to the left; "but if you want to get to the house, you'll find it shorter to get over this stile, and so by the foot-path over the fields. There it is, where the lady is wa
off to the Midlands, where they gave you enough work to do to prevent your going to London, where you might have burst their little game up. That is all plain 
long wonderfully. You have really done very well indeed. It is true that you have missed everything of importance, but y
a happy marriage. However, I can find no trace here. I rejoice, however, to perceive that he wrote with a broad-pointed quill pen, and I can hardly doubt that we w
. "My wife is expecting me." "Surely you will stay and have some dinner?" "No, I must go. I shall probably find some work awaiting me. I would stay to
hing, save of joy Express'd and not express'd. But when this ring Parts from this finger, then parts life from henc
n enter two or three CITIZENS, below SCALES. How now! Is Jack Cade slain? FIRST CITIZEN. No, my lord, nor likely to be slain; for they have won the bridge, killing a
mselves on each side of the court, in manner of consistory; below them the SCRIBES. The LORDS sit next the BISHOPS. The rest of the attendants stand in convenient order about the stage WOLSEY. Whils
." "But Dr. Mortimer was no doubt already stopping there?" "No, I had been staying with a friend," said the doctor. "There was no possible indication that we intende
Any orders, sir?" "You will take this train to town, Cartwright. The moment you arrive you will send a wire to Sir Henry Baskerville, in my name, to say that if he finds the pocket-b
ck Holmes a puzzled quarter of an hour. It was addressed to him, and ran thus: "Please await me. Terrible misfortune. Right wing three-quarter missing; indispensable to-morrow. Overton." "Strand 
inate and low desires, Such poor, such bare, such lewd, such mean attempts, Such barren pleasures, rude society, As thou art match'd withal and grafted to, Accompany the greatne
e was a councillor to try him, Not as a groom. There's some of ye, I see, More out of malice than integrity, Would try him to the utmost, had ye mean; Whi
, it is surely Hudson,' said Mr. Trevor in a tone of surprise. "'Hudson it is, sir,' said the seaman. 'Why, it's thirty year a
ppened to you since you have been in London?" "Why, no, Mr. Holmes. I think not." "You have not observed anyone follow or watch you?" "I seem to have walked right into the thick of a
Douglas and Sir Walter Blunt. Blunt. What is thy name, that in the battle thus Thou crossest me? What honour dos
m hither; go. Re-enter TROILUS TROILUS. How now! What's the matter? AENEAS. My lord, I scarce have leisure to salute you, My matter is so ras
in the morning Drebber had been found in the Brixton Road. The question which confronted me was to find out how Stangerson had bee
door, and found myself in my husband's room. He spoke of giving me up. I showed him that if he did so his life was in my hands. If he gave me to the law I could give him to the Brotherhood. It w
 the familiar features of the Devon scenery. "I've been over a good part of the world since I left it, Dr. Watson," said he; "but I have never seen a place to compare with it." 
us and ours. Now death shall stop his dismal threat'ning sound, And his ill-boding tongue no more shall speak. WARWICK. I think his understanding is bereft. Speak, Clifford, dost thou know who 
nder, and watching and waiting! What's he waiting for? What does it mean? It means no good to anyone of the 
sir. CADE. They fell before thee like sheep and oxen, and thou behavedst thyself as if thou hadst been in thine own slaughter-house; therefore thus wil
 body. Now he was dancing and laughing and wringing my hand. Could this be my stern, self-contained friend? These were hidden fires, indeed! "
an is that? MESSALA. My master's man. Strato, where is thy master? STRATO. Free from the bondage you are in, Messala: Th
ene. What, my dear Lady Disdain! are you yet living? Beat. Is it possible Disdain should die while she hath such meet food to feed it as Signior Benedi
h you, which is Justice Shallow? SHALLOW. I am Robert Shallow, sir, a poor esquire of this county, and one of the King's justices of the peace. What is your good pleasure with me? BARDOLPH. My capta
er-littered settee, and it was easy to see from their worn and anxious faces that it was business of the most pressing importan
esiding, the tenderness of her nature became as a prey to her grief; in fine, made a groan of her last bre
I can say also no friend could be more loyal than I!" It was spoken with fervour and feeling, and yet Inspector MacDonald could not dismiss the subject. "You are aware," sai
ENIUS. O, he's a limb that has but a disease- Mortal, to cut it off: to cure it, easy. What has he done to Rome th
the market-bell is rung. PUCELLE. Now, Rouen, I'll shake thy bulwarks to the ground. [LA PUCELLE, &c., enter the town] Enter CHARLES, BASTARD, ALENCON, REIGNIER, and forces CHARLES
pedition was by York and Talbot Too rashly plotted; all our general force Might with a sally of the very town Be buckled with. The over daring Talbot Hath sullied all his glo
st thou hear? It is mine ancient. HOSTESS. Tilly-fally, Sir John, ne'er tell me; and your ancient swagg'rer comes not in my doors. I was before Master Tisick, the debuty, t' other day;
Then he reseated himself in his chair and looked them over with a gleam of satisfaction in his eyes. "
ll of unmannerly sadness in his youth. I had rather be married to a death's-head with a bone in his mouth than to either of these. God defend me from the
hority surfeits on would relieve us; if they would yield us but the superfluity while it were wholesome, we might guess they relieved us humanely; but they think we are too de
and much company. TREBONIUS. There is no fear in him-let him not die, For he will live and laugh at this hereafter. Clock strikes. BRUTUS. Peace, count the clock. CASSIUS. The clock hath stric
ll rehearse, When all the breathers of this world are dead, You still shall live (such virtue hath my pen) Where breath most br
en, fool. CLOWN. The more fool, madonna, to mourn for your brother's soul being in heaven. Take away the fool, gentlemen. OLIVIA. What think you of this fool, Malvolio? Doth 
t Watson and I must go to London." "To London?" "Yes, I think that we should be more useful there at the present juncture." The baronet's face perceptibly lengthe
Richmond, good my Lord of Derby, To your good prayer will scarcely say amen. Yet, Derby, notwithstanding she's your wife And loves not me, b
 dear me, how slow-witted I have been, and how nearly I have committed the blunder of my lifetime! Now, I think that with a few missing links my chain is almost complete." "You have go
ra was queen- To quit the bloody wrongs upon her foes. Re-enter LUCIUS, QUINTUS, MARTIUS, and MUTIUS, the sons of ANDRONICUS, with their swords bloody LUCIUS. See, lo
nd- My lord, I see you're moved. OTHELLO. No, not much moved. I do not think but Desdemona's honest. IAGO. Long live
d. "Of course, I've heard of the hound ever since I was in the nursery. It's the pet story of the family, though I
ese knees bow to any Save to the God of heaven and to my king; And sooner dance upon a bloody pole Than stand uncover'd to the vulgar groom. True nobility is exempt from fear: More can I bear than
too. He's dead and rotten. Kent. No, my good lord; I am the very man- Lear. I'll see that straight. Kent. 
passage, took a step forward and laid her hand upon the Inspector's sleeve. Her face was haggard and thin and eager, stamped with t
a frankness and directness which considerably amazed her. "I am investigating the circumstances which attended the death of the late Sir Charles Baskerville," said he. "M
! PAGE. Away, you rascally Althaea's dream, away! PRINCE. Instruct us, boy; what dream, boy? PAGE. Marry, my lord, Althaea dreamt she was delivered of a firebrand; and theref
oubtedly." "Why did he go? Because, from his bedroom window, he saw the flight of the boy. Because he wished to overtake him and bring him back. He seized his 
 the King have the letters I have sent, and repair thou to me with as much speed as thou wouldst fly death. I have words to speak in thine ear will make thee dumb
ole, do you not? CANIDIUS. Marcus Octavius, Marcus Justeius, Publicola, and Caelius are for sea; But we keep whole by land. This speed of Caesar's Carries beyond belief. SOLDIER. While he wa
 But I had rather kill two enemies. KING RICHARD. Why, then thou hast it. Two deep enemies, Foes to my rest, and m
that I had to pass my hand under his arm as we went up the stairs, for his knees were trembling under h
with his ruffling treasure. Enter TAILOR Come, tailor, let us see these ornaments; Lay forth the gown. Enter HABERDASHER What news
ve overthrown him. MACBETH. [Aside.] Glamis, and Thane of Cawdor! The greatest is behind. [To Ross and Angus] Thanks for your pains. [Aside to Banquo] Do you not
k? Surely at the spot where it is attached to the wire. Why should it break three inches from the top as this one has done?" "Because it is frayed there?" "Exactly
, When as the one is wounded with the bait, The other rotted with delicious feed. SATURNINUS. But he will not entreat hi
 link'd to the deserver Till his deserts are past, begin to throw Pompey the Great and all his dignities Upon his son; who, high in name and power, Higher than both in blood and life, stands up
 well, Master Ford, do you? FORD. Ay, I do so. MRS. FORD. Heaven make you better than your thoughts! FORD. Amen. MRS. PAGE. You do yourself mighty wrong, Mast
lters? A man loves the meat in his youth that he cannot endure in his age. Shall quips and sentences and these pape
in behind me, but the crash of the lamp, and a few moments afterwards the clang of the two slabs of metal, tol
t denounc'd against us? Why should not we Be there in person? ENOBARBUS. [Aside] Well, I could reply: If we should serve with horse and mares together The horse were merely lost; the
 shall the oracle Give rest to th' minds of others such as he Whose ignorant credulity will not Come up to th' truth. So have we thought it good From our free person she shoul
ut yonder, and watching and waiting! What's he waiting for? What does it mean? It means no good to a
e door was shut and locked, with a little square of cardboard hammered on to the middle of the panel with a tack. Here it is, and you 
hair. "Let us hear about it," said he. "I've got my facts pretty clear," said Stanley Hopkins. "All I
all know I am as good GLOUCESTER. As good! Thou bastard of my grandfather! WINCHESTER. Ay, lordly sir; for what are you, I pray, But one imperious i
shall rehearse, When all the breathers of this world are dead, You still shall live (such virtue hath my pen) Where breath most breathes, even in the mouths o
and cry raised over him, one would imagine that he would have returned and remained at the hotel as an inoffensive tourist. As
r. Prince. How old art thou, Francis? Fran. Let me see. About Michaelmas next I shall be- Poins. [within] Francis! Fran. Anon, sir. P
ttle hole of discretion, and I will right myself like a soldier. Exeunt WORTHIES KING. How fares your Majesty? PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Boyet, prepare; I will away to-night. KING. Ma
 there be Such valour in the bearing, what make we Abroad? Why, then, women are more valiant, That stay at home, if bearing carry it; And the ass more captain th
at bereft thee, lady, of thy husband Did it to help thee to a better husband. ANNE. His better doth not breathe
st be the creature who lives in the only comfortable room in the place, and has her photograph above his fireplace. Upon my word, Watson, there is something very attractive about that livid fa
name! Or that I could forget what I have been! Or not remember what I must be now! Swell'st thou, proud heart? I'll give thee scope to beat, Sinc
 that led to the deck, and we were through it in a rush. The two sentries were shot down, and so was a corporal who came running to see what was the matter. There were two more sold
self through all the veins That the life-weary taker mall fall dead, And that the trunk may be discharg'd of breath As violently as hasty powder fir'd Doth hurry from the fatal cannon's womb. Apoth.
, a Jew, his friend LAUNCELOT GOBBO, a clown, servant to Shylock OLD GOBBO, father to Launcelot LEONAR
s tell them my dreadful name- Revenge, which makes the foul offender quake. TITUS. Art thou Revenge? and art thou sent to me To be a torment to mine enemies? TAMORA. I am; therefore come do
r home. We had crossed Oxford Street and were half way down Harley Street before I could get a word from my companion. "Sorry to bri
per man of person. When comes Troilus? I'll show you Troilus anon. If he see me, you shall see him nod at me. CRESSIDA. Will he give you the nod? PAND
. LUCIUS. Ah, that this sight should make so deep a wound, And yet detested life not shrink thereat! That ever death should let life bear his name, Where life hath no more interest but 
he was full of jests, and gipes, and knaveries, and mocks; I have forgot his name. GOWER. Sir John Falstaff. FLUELLEN. That is he. I'll tell you there is g
esign to alarm these people would be compelled to place his very face against the glass before he could be seen. There 
 that's a brave man! He writes brave verses, speaks brave words, swears brave oaths, and breaks them
eriapts; And ye choice spirits that admonish me And give me signs of future accidents; [Thunder] You speedy helpers that are substitutes Under the lordl
, or that which can command it. I'll follow and enquire him out. I'll ever serve his mind with my best will; Whilst I have gold, I'll be his steward still. Exit SCENE III. The wood
ey of it. Laer. Farewell. Exit. Pol. What is't, Ophelia, he hath said to you? Oph. So please you, something touching the Lord Hamlet. Pol. Marry, well bethought! 'Tis told 
. Not i' th' stocks, fool. Enter Lear and Gloucester Lear. Deny to speak with me? They are sick? they are weary? They have travell
ENA. Sir, I can nothing say But that I am your most obedient servant. BERTRAM. Come, come, no more of that. HELENA. And ever shall With true observance seek to eke out that Wherein 
that war return From France to England, there to live in peace! England we love, and for that England's sake With burden of our armour here we sweat. This toil of ours should be a 
tion about World Library, Inc. Please call them at 1-800-443-0238 or email julianc@netcom.com Please give 
or that deep wound it gives my friend and me; Is't not enough to torture me alone, But slave to slavery my sweet'st friend must be? Me f
suburban villas, when he shook himself, shrugged his shoulders, and lit up his pipe with the air of a man who has satisfied himself that he 
 Widow MacNamara's is a lonely house. She's as true as steel and as deaf as a post. There's only Scanlan and me in the house. If I get his promise--and I'll le
d been gained by the discovery of the address of the house at which he had boarded--a result which was entirely due to the acuteness and energy of Mr. Gregson of Scotland Yard. 
liven your pages by an account of the singular adventure of the Napoleonic busts." When we met again next evening Lestrade was furnished with much information concerning our prisoner. His name, i
alk upon the black wooden door of the tool-house, which stands beside the lawn in full view of the front windows. I took an
HESEUS. If we imagine no worse of them than they of themselves, they may pass for excellent men. Here come two noble beasts in, a man an
d sovereign trust herein. Enter Blunt. How now, good Blunt? Thy looks are full of speed. Blunt. So hath the business that I come to speak of. Lord Mortimer of Scotland hath 
l not kill a fly. But come, now I will be your Rosalind in a more coming-on disposition; and ask me what you will, I will grant it. ORLANDO. Then love me, R
by the fields. Will it do well? SHALLOW. [Aside] We will do it. PAGE, SHALLOW, and SLENDER. Adieu, good 
nd looked at a note crumpled up in his palm. "See here, mister," he cried, with a gleam of suspicion in his eyes, "you're not trying to scare me over this, are you
olmes, very bad! Have you heard of the death of the chief?" "We have just come from his house." "The place is disorganized. The chief dead, Cadogan 
opkins was for leaving the door of the hut open, but Holmes was of the opinion that this would rouse the 
hat he really did see something of the kind upon that last night in the Yew Alley. I feared that some disaster might occur, for I was very fond of the old man
told the police. Personally, he was convinced that the murderer had escaped by the window. The bloodstain was conclusive, in his opin
mberwell, over on the other side of the river. When once I found them out I knew that I had them at my mercy. I had grown my beard, and there was no chance of their recognizing m
 you are ware; you'll be so true to him to be false to him. Do not you know of him, but yet go fetch h
BUCKINGHAM. I fear he will. Here Catesby comes again. Re-enter CATESBY Now, Catesby, what says his Grac
, was printed somewhat after the German fashion. Now, a real German invariably prints in the Latin character, so that we may safely say that this was 
ied retreat--very hurried, since he had not time to replace the papers which would tell you that he had been there. You were not aware of a
called monotonous," said he, and laughed. He laughed very heartily, with a high, ringing note, leaning back in his chair and shaking his sides. All my medical i
 Is there any unkindness between my lord and you, monsieur? PAROLLES. I know not how I have deserved to run into my lord's displeasure. LAFEU. You have m
f England's timorous deer, Maz'd with a yelping kennel of French curs! If we be English deer, be then in blood; Not rascal-like to fall down with a pinch, But rather, 
 eternal moment or so, I could be knighted. MRS. PAGE. What? Thou liest. Sir Alice Ford! These knights will hack; and so thou shouldst not 
Tis Aufidius, Who, hearing of our Marcius' banishment, Thrusts forth his horns again into the world, Which were inshell'd when Marcius stood for Rome, And durst not once peep out. 
roclaim'd their malefactions; For murther, though it have no tongue, will speak With most miraculous organ, I'll have these Players Play something like the murther of my father Before mine
moe than seven is a pretty reason. Lear. Because they are not eight? Fool. Yes indeed. Thou wouldst make a good fool. Lear. To tak't a
k, had had little chance of learning the news of the outside world during the last twelve years. All this Jefferson Hope was able to tell him, and 
N. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE 
ot speak a word. [The KING swoons] QUEEN. How fares my lord? Help, lords! The King is dead. SOMERSET. Rear up his body; wring him by the nose. QUEEN. Run, go, help, he
. Scornful Lysander, true, he hath my love; And what is mine my love shall render him; And she is mine; and all my right of her I do estate u
her store. Ben. Then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste? Rom. She hath, and in that sparing makes huge w
urder of Stangerson was an incident which was entirely unexpected, but which could hardly in any case have been prevented. Through 
 we start out and scour the country before the fellow gets away?" The sergeant considered for a moment. "There are no trains before six in the morning; so he can't get away by rail. If he goes by roa
 by crying out as loud 'O, bless my brother!' Husband win, win brother, Prays, and destroys the prayer; no mid-way 'Twi
enough. SICINIUS. Has spoken like a traitor and shall answer As traitors do. CORIOLANUS. Thou wretch, despite o'erwhelm thee! What should the people do with these bald tribunes, On whom 
for your delight We are not here. That you should here repent you, The actors are at band; and, by their show, You shall know all, that you are like to know, THESEUS. 
ed to be much at one. But, Kate, dost thou understand thus much English- Canst thou love me? KATHERINE. I cannot tell. KING HENRY. Can any of your neighbours tell, Kate?
en by my god I swear to thee I will. AARON. First know thou, I begot him on the Empress. LUCIUS. O most insatiate and luxurious woman! AARON. Tut
r you first forswore it on the mart; And thereupon I drew my sword on you, And then you fled into this abbey here, From whence, I think, you are come by miracle. ANTIPHO
ION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL U
ION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND 
 apace, And see how I regarded Caius Cassius. By your leave, gods, this is a Roman's part. Come, Cassius' sword, and find Titinius' heart. Kills himself. Alarum.
tended towards him? SOOTHSAYER. None that I know will be, much that I fear may chance. Good morrow to you. Here the street is narrow, The throng that follows Caesar at the heels, Of senators, 
indow Ferrier peered over the fields which had been his own, and which he was now about to abandon for ever. He had long nerved himself to the sacrifice, however, and the thought of the honour and h
 shall grieve you to report the rest. YORK. What is't, knave? SERVINGMAN. An hour before I came, the Duchess died. YORK. God for his mercy! wha
 men only. With these shreds They vented their complainings; which being answer'd, And a petition granted them- a strange one,
ch touch'd The very virtue of compassion in thee, I have with such provision in mine art So safely ordered that there is no soul- No, not so much perdition as an hair Betid to any 
 At this instant there was a sound at the door. There were steps in the passage. Lucas quickly turned back the drugget, thrust the document into some hiding-place there, and
ENE II. A plain in Warwickshire Enter WARWICK and OXFORD, with French soldiers WARWICK. Trust me, my lord, all hitherto goes well; The common people by numbers swarm to us. Enter CLARENCE and SOM
k a man a worm. My son Came then into my mind, and yet my mind Was then scarce friends with him. I have heard more since. A
e by a parliamentary colonel in 1644, of the concealment of Charles for several days in the course of the Civil War, and finally of a v
 street. "There's more work to be got out of one of those little beggars than out of a dozen of the force," Holmes remarked. "The mere sight of an official-loo
the while. Exit FALSTAFF MRS. FORD. I would my husband would meet him in this shape; he cannot abide the old woman of Brainford; he swears she's a witch, forbade her my house, and hath threat'ned t
 night off and keep clear of it. There will be bloody work here before morning." "Well, indeed then, Mac," Scanlan answered. "It's not the will but the nerve that is wanting in me. When I saw Mana
Whither are they vanish'd? MACBETH. Into the air, and what seem'd corporal melted As breath into the wind. Would they had stay'd! BANQUO. Were such things here as we do speak about? O
. More than once during the years that I had lived with him in Baker Street I had observed that a small vanity underlay my companion's quiet and didactic manner. I made no remark, howe
ch As Agamemnon and the hand of Greece Should hold up high in brass; and such again As venerable Nestor, hatch'd in silver, Should with a bond of air, strong as the axle-tree On which heaven
's youngest son? ROSALIND. The Duke my father lov'd his father dearly. CELIA. Doth it therefore ensue that you should love his son dearly? By this kind o
IA. Yes, when he is in; but I think he is not in. ROSALIND. You have heard him swear downright he was. CELIA. 'Was' is not 'is'; besides, the oath of a lover is no stronger than the word of a tapst
by this demand, you are not altogether of his counsel. FIRST LORD. Let it be forbid, sir! So should I be a great deal of his act. S
creasing our connection and the number of our depositors. One of our most lucrative means of laying out money is in the shape of loans, where the security is unimpeachable. We have done a good deal 
t thou mightst pour this conceal'd man out of thy mouth, as wine comes out of narrow-mouth'd bottle- either t
keeper came, and they have covered all tracks for six or eight feet round the body. But here are three separate tracks of the same feet." He drew out a lens and lay down upon 
l live my sorrow's rage! BUCKINGHAM. Have done, have done. QUEEN MARGARET. O princely Buckingham, I'll kiss thy ha
s heart the fierce desire for vengeance which possessed him. Tales were told in the City of the weird figure which was seen prowling about the suburbs, and which haunted the lonely mountain gorges. 
anted to be much at one. But, Kate, dost thou understand thus much English- Canst thou love me? KATHERINE. I cannot tell. KING HENRY. Can any of your
ngtree ox with the pudding in his belly, that reverend vice, that grey iniquity, that father ruffian, that vanity in years? Wherein is he good, but to tas
ou bid me seek redemption of the devil! Hear me yourself; for that which I must speak Must either punish me, not being believ'd, Or wring redress from you. Hear me, O, hea
l, I'll be revenged as I may. Enter Don Pedro. Pedro. Now, signior, where's the Count? Did you see him? Bene. Troth, my lord, I have played the part of Lady Fame, I found him 
 rubbing his hands. "You seem to expect company. They have laid for five." "Yes, I fancy we may have some company dropping in," said he. "I am surpris
of the CINQUE-PORTS; under it the QUEEN in her robe; in her hair richly adorned with pearl, crowned. On each side her, the BISHOPS OF LONDON and WINCHESTER. 9. Th
ung person, wrote her some compromising letters, and is now desirous of getting those letters back." "Precisely so. But how--" "Was there a se
re; Carston Castle, Bangor, Wales. Lord of the Admiralty, 1872; Chief Secretary of State for--' Well, well, this man is certainly one of the greatest subjects o
our love says, like an honest gentleman, and a courteous, and a kind, and a handsome; and, I warrant, a virtuous- Where is your mothe
y," said Holmes. "I have been at some small expense over this matter, which I shall expect the bank to refund, but beyond that I am amply repaid by having had 
o. Re-enter PISANIO and LADIES So, so. Well done, well done. The violets, cowslips, and the primroses, Bear to my closet. Fare
 boy, 'To Pallas'; here 'To Mercury.' 'To Saturn,' Caius- not to Saturnine: You were as good to shoot against the wind. To it, boy. Marcus, loose w
ances. I can say no more for the instant. I will leave you this card so that you may be able to keep in touch with us. Now, Watson, if you will pack your bag I will cabl
 although he wore some dark coat, such as he had started to town in, he had on neither collar nor necktie. "Convinced
is own habit, and Friar PETER DUKE. These letters at fit time deliver me. [Giving letters] The Provost knows our purpose and our plot. The matter being afoot, keep your instruc
rom his notebook. "He's the chief foreman of the Iron Dike Company. He's a hard citizen, an old colour sergeant of the war, all scars and grizzle. We've had two tries at him; but had no luck, 
each side. "The third on the right is his," said the inspector. "Here it is!" He quietly shot back a panel in the upper part of the door and glanced through. "He is asleep," said he. "You can
ine, very broad in the beam?" "No, indeed. She's as trim a little thing as any on the river. She's been fresh painted, black with two red streaks." "Thank
lone. Come, I'll go in with you. DESDEMONA. I am very sorry that you are not well. Exeunt Othello and Desdemona. EMILIA. I am glad I have found this napkin; This was her first remembrance from the
RUTUS. Go see this rumourer whipp'd. It cannot be The Volsces dare break with us. MENENIUS. Cannot be! We have record that very well it can; And three examples of the like hath been Within my
defy thee for a villain. [They draw] Enter ADRIANA, LUCIANA, the COURTEZAN, and OTHERS ADRIANA. Hold, hurt him not, for God's sake! He is mad. Some get within him, take his sword away;
hink, which never Returns us thanks. Enter PAGE PAGE. Monsieur Parolles, my lord calls for you. Exit PAGE PAROLLES. 
 Theresa Wright, her old maid. She told me about her, about him, about everything. I tell you, gentlemen, it nearly drove me mad. This drunken hound, that he should dare to raise his hand t
 Sutherland, while the lady herself loomed behind his small black figure like a full-sailed merchant-man behind a tiny pilot boat. Sherlock Holmes welcomed h
 Hope," said the Premier. "Let us have the despatch-box brought in." The Secretary rang the bell. "Jacobs, bring down my despatc
I am bound to speak. My mistress here lies murther'd in her bed- ALL. O heavens forfend! EMILIA. And your reports have set the murther on. OTHELLO. Nay, stare not, m
nd from our window we could command a view of the avenue gate, and of the inhabited wing of Stoke Moran Manor House. At dusk we saw Dr. Grimesby Roylott drive
pons shall. CLIFFORD. Why, what a brood of traitors have we here! YORK. Look in a glass, and call thy image so: I am thy king, and thou a false-heart traitor. 
waters than I had thought." He sank his head upon his hands, while the Inspector smiled at the effect which his case had had upon the famous London specialist. "Your last remark," said Holme
rrow? ANGELO. Did not I tell thee yea? Hadst thou not order? Why dost thou ask again? PROVOST. Lest I might be too rash; Under your good correction, I have seen When, after execution, ju
e heir and daughter of Lord Scales Unto the brother of your loving bride. She better would have fitted me or Clarence; But in your bride you bury brotherhood. CLARENCE.
ter Mayor. These gates must not be shut But in the night or in the time of war. What! fear not, man, but yield me up the keys; [Takes his keys] For Edward will defend the town and thee, And all
izing power which forever stands in the way of the law, and throws its shield over the wrong-doer. Again and again in cases of the most varying sorts--forgery cases
es us well When our deep plots do pall; and that should learn us There's a divinity that shapes our ends, Rough-hew them how we wil
ow what we speak one to another, so we seem to know, is to know straight our purpose: choughs' language, gabble enough, and good enough. As for you, interpreter, you must seem 
ght meet, would seek us through, And put us to our answer. BELARIUS. Well, 'tis done. We'll hunt no more to-day, nor seek for danger Where there's no profit. I prithee to our rock. You a
ble little carecrow. "Got your message, sir," said he, "and brought 'em on sharp. Three bob and a tanner for tickets." "Here you are," said Holme
hat's his brother, the other Captain Dumain? FIRST LORD. Why does he ask him of me? FIRST SOLDIER. What's he? PAROLLES. E'en a crow o' th' 
ook all our garrison, women, children, stores, and everything else, with plenty of room over. But the modern part is nothing like the size of the old quarter, where nobody goes, and which is given
y Excited me to treason. Their dear loss, The more of you 'twas felt, the more it shap'd Unto my end of stealing them. But, gracious
hat told you this? Ant. A good sharp fellow. I will send for him, and question him yourself. Leon. No, no. We will hold it as a dream till it appear itself; but I will acquaint my daughter with
 looked into that dreadful room. The candles and the fire must have burned out hours before, and they had been sitting there in the dark until dawn had broken. The doctor sai
n As done. Perseverance, dear my lord, Keeps honour bright. To have done is to hang Quite out of fashion, like a rusty mail In monumental mock'ry. Take the instant way; For honour travels i
 one who already stood alone in Europe, both in his gifts and in his experience. Holmes was not prone to friendship, but he
is point. I was about to assure Miss Cushing that I was convinced that a mistake had been made when you may remember that I came suddenly to a stop. T
SAR. Are we all ready? What is now amiss That Caesar and his Senate must redress? METELLUS. Most high, most mighty, and most puissant Caesar, Metellus Cimber throws before thy seat An 
Ham. Why did you laugh then, when I said 'Man delights not me'? Ros. To think, my lord, if you delight not in man, what lenten entertainment the players shall receive from you. We cote
to bear with me When that rash humor which my mother gave me Makes me forgetful? BRUTUS. Yes, Cassius, and from henceforth, When you are overearnest with your Brutus, He'll think your mother chides
her, weeping at my woes. But that which gives my soul the greatest spurn Is dear Lavinia, dearer than my soul. H
ood morrow, all. Exit with servant PARIS. And tell me, noble Diomed-faith, tell me true, Even in the soul of so
d fellow was heart-broken at it, and went out to the Terai tea planting, where I hear that he is doing well. As to the sailor and Beddoes, neither of them was ever heard of again after that
 were mortal poison, for thy sake! GLOUCESTER. Never came poison from so sweet a place. ANNE. Never hung poison on a fouler toad. O
ervousness. Night after night I heard him pacing his room, and it was just as he was recovering his confidence that the blow did at last fall.' "'And how?' I asked eagerly. "'In a most extra
elves. BASSIANUS. Andronicus, I do not flatter thee, But honour thee, and will do till I die. My faction if thou strengthen with thy friends, I 
ife, an't like your worship. GLOUCESTER. Hadst thou been his mother, thou couldst have better told. KING HENRY. Where wert thou born? SIMPCOX. At Berwick in t
Antony's. SERVANT. Thus, Brutus, did my master bid me kneel, Thus did Mark Antony bid me fall down, And, being prostrate, thus he bade me say:
m I would be pleasing, Doth cloud my joys with danger and with sorrow. KING EDWARD. My love, forbear to fawn upon their frowns. What danger or what sorrow can befall thee, So long
sfied myself that the place had indeed been used as a habitation. A vague pathway among the boulders led to the dilapidated opening which served as a d
o beat down these rebels here at home. Re-enter CATESBY CATESBY. My liege, the Duke of Buckingham is taken- That is the best news. That the
r countrymen are gone and fled, As well assur'd Richard their King is dead. Exit SALISBURY. Ah, Richard, with the eyes of heavy mind, I see thy glory like a shooting 
f Kensington. There was no reason why those six should be different to any of the other casts. He could suggest no possible cause why anyone should wish to d
 the LORDS FIRST LORD. How now, my lords! SECOND LORD. Know you the quality of Lord Timon's fury? THIRD LORD. Push! Did you see my cap? FOURTH LORD. I have lost my gown
st inseparable. I can see now how she was plotting and scheming and poisoning my wife's mind against me, but I was such a blind beetle that I could n
 pois'd In this vile action; for the success, Although particular, shall give a scantling Of good or bad unto the general; And in such indexes, although small pricks
hadst it not. PISTOL. Didst not thou share? Hadst thou not fifteen pence? FALSTAFF. Reason, you rogue, reason. Think'st thou I'll endanger my soul grati
 days' journey, lords, or ere we meet. Enter the BASTARD BASTARD. Once more to-day well met, distemper
est man if there be any good meaning toward you. I have told you what I have seen and heard; but faintly, nothi
 chose her; then I'd shriek, that even your ears Should rift to hear me; and the words that follow'd Should be 'Remember mine.' LEONTES. Stars,
ends, To quit me of them throughly. Friar. Pause awhile And let my counsel sway you in this case. Your daughter here the princes left for dead, Let her awhile be secret
s! How goes the world with thee? PURSUIVANT. The better that your lordship please to ask. HASTINGS. I tell thee, man, 'tis better with 
the womb he stay'd Attending nature's law; Whose father then, as men report Thou orphans' father art, Thou shouldst have been, and shiel
ndeed a scion of one of the very oldest families in the kingdom, though his branch was a cadet one which had separated from the northern Musgraves some time in the sixteenth 
HELENA. With Demetrius. LYSANDER. Be not afraid; she shall not harm thee, Helena. DEMETRIUS. No, sir, she sha
 a traitor, he may have read the accusation in the other's eyes." "The other being, I presume, Professor Moriarty." "No less! When any of that par
egions and the horse whole, do you not? CANIDIUS. Marcus Octavius, Marcus Justeius, Publicola, and Caelius are for sea; But we keep whole by land
the whole of her sex. It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler. All emotions, 
ur since--not one. The governor has never held up his head from that evening, and now the life has been crushed out of him and his heart broken, all through this accursed Hud
k of generation was Between these woolly breeders in the act, The skilful shepherd pill'd me certain wands, And, in the doing of
s, sir, may be less than you imagine,' said I. 'A little French, a little German, music, and drawing--' "'Tut, tut!' he 
'll war with you. TROILUS. O virtuous fight, When right with right wars who shall be most right! True swains in love shall in the world to come Approve their truth by Troilus, when their rhy
bees, And leave them honeyless. ANTONY. Not stingless too. BRUTUS. O, yes, and soundless too, For you have stol'n their buzzing, Antony, And very w
ith the warnings." Holmes shook his clenched hands in the air. "Incredible imbecility!" he cried. "They have, however, allowed me a policeman, who may remain in the house with me." "Has he come with
ude of a man's room he murders him, burns his body in the wood-pile, and departs to a neighbouring hotel. The blood-stains in the room and als
 the clues which I can give them are so vague that it is a question whether justice will be done." "Ha!" cried I, "if it is anything in 
n never lived upon earth. Unhappily, Murillo heard of his excellence, recalled him on some pretext, and had him shot. With a premonition of his fate he had refused to
om. Once only had I known him to fail, in the case of the King of Bohemia and of the Irene Adler photograph; but when I looked back to the weird b
ney and everything. Then you hand over to me three quarters of what you earn, and you keep the other quarter for yourself.' "This was the strange proposal, Mr. Holmes, with which the man Blessi
ever losing his mystified expression. "I went back to the gate and sounded my whistle. That brought Murcher and two more to the spot." "Was the street em
uggest that it was cause and effect." "I knew that you did it." "Oh, you did, did you? Well, you couldn't prove it, anyhow. But what do you think of yourself spread
my mood! Be it my wrong you are from me exempt, But wrong not that wrong with a more contempt. Come, I will fasten on this sleeve of thine; Thou art an elm, my husband, I a vine, Whose weakness, m
Church, Or I will drag thee on a hurdle thither. Out, you green-sickness carrion I out, you baggage! You tallow-face! Lady. Fie, fie! what, are you mad? J
serable but a man may be true. Exeunt THIEVES Enter FLAVIUS, to TIMON FLAVIUS. O you gods! Is yond despis'd and ruinous m
ith never a thought for me as I stood watching them from the footpath. "'I tell you, and I give you my word for it, that from that 
re am I bold and resolute. Exeunt SCENE V. London. The Tower Enter LORD SCALES Upon the Tower, walking. Then enter two or three CITIZENS, below SCAL
o, my dear Watson, there's my report of a failure. And yet--and yet--"--he clenched his thin hands in a
oment, and there was the abyss before him. "Does anyone else know of this?" he asked. "I have told no one else." "But this man--your frien
art! Be Kent unmannerly When Lear is mad. What wouldst thou do, old man? Think'st thou that duty shall have dread to speak When power to flattery bows? To plainne
'd, And mine that I was proud on--mine so much That I myself was to myself not mine, Valuing of her--why, she, O, she is fall'n Into a pit of ink, that the wide sea Hath dr
nt leathers, which I am wearing. Last night they took one of my brown ones, and to-day they have sneaked one of the black. Well, have you got it? Speak out, man,
but a calf's-skin, most sweet lout. KING PHILIP. I am perplex'd and know not what to say. PANDULPH. What canst thou say but will perplex 
 canst thou make For bearing arms, for stirring up my subjects, And all the trouble thou hast turn'd me to? PRINCE OF WALES. Speak like a subject, proud ambitious York. S
ed out at every action. At last I became so convinced that I was causing him uneasiness that I drew my visit to a close. On the very day, however, before I left, an incident o
ut stand upon the foaming shore, The chidden billow seems to pelt the clouds; The wind-shaked surge, with high and monstrous mane, Seems to cast wa
h, so that no track but the man's was visible. On seeing him lying still the creature had probably approached to sniff at him, but finding him de
rk. Anyone who had the design to alarm these people would be compelled to place his very face against the glass before he could be seen. There is a three-foot flower-b
LLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (
 Athenian minion whom the world Voic'd so regardfully? TIMON. Art thou Timandra? TIMANDRA. Yes. TIMON. Be a whore still; they love thee not that use thee. Give them diseases, leaving with the
t hinder study quite, And train our intellects to vain delight. BEROWNE. Why, all delights are vain; but that most vain Which, with pain purchas'd
peremptory, and unlike himself? We know the time since he was mild and affable, And if we did but glance a far-off look Immediately he was upon his knee, That all the court admir'd him
at do you call purely nominal?' "'Well, you have to be in the office, or at least in the building, the whole time. If you leave, you forfeit your wh
trick." "That also I could fathom." "Then they carried me in. She was bound to have me in. What else could she do? And into her sitting-room, which was the v
that our friend here spent last evening in the company of his two brothers, Owen and George, and of his sister Brenda, at their house of Treda
IO. Father, 'tis thus: yourself and all the world That talk'd of her have talk'd amiss of her. If she be curst, it is for policy, For,she's n
rvice neigh! DAUPHIN. Mount them, and make incision in their hides, That their hot blood may spin in English e
e and he, Being mounted and both roused in their seats, Their neighing coursers daring of the spur, Their armed staves in charge, their beavers down, Their eyes of fire sparkling
ap did ne'er befall our state. REIGNIER. Why ring not out the bells aloud throughout the town? Dauphin, command the citizens make bonfires And feast and banquet in the open streets To celebrate the 
ench'd and rear'd to worship; who mayst see, Plainly as heaven sees earth and earth sees heaven, How 
er-changing night. DUCHESS. Ah, so much interest have I in thy sorrow As I had title in thy noble husband! 
South London." We were all astonished by the appearance of the apartment into which he invited us. In that sorry house it looked as out of place as a diamond of the first water in a set
 said Gregson, pointing to a litter of objects upon one of the bottom steps of the stairs. "A gold watch, No. 97163, by Barraud, of London. Gold Albert chain, very heavy and solid. Go
rds to the man who was waiting in the hall, and the two of them went off together. The last that the porter saw of them, they were almost runn
 myself Or hew my way out with a bloody axe. Why, I can smile, and murder whiles I smile, And cry 'Content!' to that which grieves my heart, And wet my cheeks with artificial tears, And 
 wish himself anywhere but where he is. BATES. Then I would he were here alone; so should he be sure to be ra
k. Who knocks so hard? Whence come you? What's your will Nurse. [within] Let me come in, and you shall know my errand. I come from Lady Juliet. Friar. Welcome then. Enter Nurse. 
and is gone forth- to sleep. Look, who comes here. Enter SILVIUS SILVIUS. My errand is to you, fair youth; My gentle Phebe did bid me give you this. I know not the contents; but, as I gues
ried and depressed, with tired eyes and a lined forehead. "It's getting on my nerves, this business, Mr. Holmes," said he, as he sank, like a wearied man, into an arm-chair. "It's bad
ble; But though we think it so, it is no matter. In cases of defence 'tis best to weigh The enemy more mighty than he seems; So the proportions of def
rit of ingenuity, to get old Cunningham to write the word 'twelve,' so that I might compare it with the 'twelve' upon the paper." "Oh, what an ass I have been!" I exclaimed. "
hom we rend'red up this woe. Exeunt. Scene IV The hall in Leonato's house. Enter Leonato, Benedick, [Beatrice,] Margaret, Ursula, Antonio, Friar [Francis], Hero. Friar. Did I not tell you sh
er man, and young Dropheir that kill'd lusty Pudding, and Master Forthlight the tilter, and brave Master Shootie the great traveller, and wild Halfcan that stabb'd Pots, and, I th
o their act, and by them gather Their several virtues and effects. CORNELIUS. Your Highness Shall from this practice but make hard your heart; Besides, the seeing these effects will be B
 Enter DUKE in his own habit, and Friar PETER DUKE. These letters at fit time deliver me. [Giving letters] The Provost knows our purpose and our plot. The matt
Did you hear the proclamation? COSTARD. I do confess much of the hearing it, but little of the marking of it. KING. It wa
ALERIO. We have not spoke us yet of torch-bearers. SOLANIO. 'Tis vile, unless it may be quaintly ordered; And better in my mind not undertook. LORENZO. 'Tis now but four o'c
" it ran, "were dug up in the moat of Holdernesse Hall. They are for the use of horses; but they are shaped below with a cloven foot of iron, so as 
out with the dog, leave the door unlocked behind him?" "Excellent, Watson, excellent!" murmured my companion. "The importance of the point struck me so forcibly that I sent a spe
 clasped a red and black silk cravat, which was recognized by the maid as having been worn on the preceding evening by the stranger who had visit
from me. It was only early in the morning or late at night that I could earn anything, so that I began to g
 town streets and squares sprang up, as if by magic. In the country there was draining and hedging, planting and clearing, until the next summer saw the whole countr
to utter the name of his murderer. So and so, of Ballarat." "It is wonderful!" I exclaimed. "It is obv
NE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE 
d it up and stared at it with mystified eyes. "There's been a woman here," he cried. "It's a woman's wedding-ring." He held it out, as he spoke, upon the palm of his hand. We all gathered roun
 rays thou dost sink to night, So in his red blood Cassius' day is set, The sun of Rome is set! Our day is gone; Clouds, dews, and dangers come; our deed
ling of silks betray thy poor heart to woman. Keep thy foot out of brothel, thy hand out of placket, 
 have to study him, I assure you." They had strolled out on to the terrace again, and along it to the further end where at a touch from the Baron's chauffeu
both how you were wrong led And we in negligent danger. Cheer your heart; Be you not troubled with the time, which drives O'er your content these strong necessities, But let determin'd things to dest
ed at the event, had contented themselves with informing her brother at Athens, and had then washed their hands of the matter. The brother
she leave her blessedness to one- When heaven shall call her from this cloud of darkness- Who from the sacred ashes of her honour Shall star-like rise, as great in fame as she wa
ing which you may say will be used against you. I arrest you in the Queen's name as being concerned in the death of your brother." "There, now! Didn't
 the deceased. A great step had been gained by the discovery of the address of the house at which he had boarded--a result which was entirely due to the acuteness and energy of Mr. Gre
 "I have now in my hands," my companion said, confidently, "all the threads which have formed such a tangle. There are, of course, details to be filled in, but I am as certain of all the m
pleases your good worship to ask. FENTON. What news? How does pretty Mistress Anne? QUICKLY. In truth, sir, and she is pretty, and honest, and gentle; and one that is your friend,
TINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE F
 Who craves a parley with the Burgundy? PUCELLE. The princely Charles of France, thy countryman. BURGUNDY. What say'st thou, Charles? for I am marching hence. CHARLES. Speak, Pucelle, and en
for my presence. In over a thousand cases I am not aware that I have ever used my powers upon the wrong side. Of late I have b
warrant, And bring thee forth brave brood. STEPHANO. Monster, I will kill this man; his daughter and I will be King a
o comes here? Enter PERCY Welcome, Harry. What, will not this castle yield? PIERCY. The castle royally is mann'd, my lord, Against thy entrance. BOLINGBROKE. Roya
reat Orme Street, a narrow thoroughfare at the northeast side of the British Museum. Standing as it does near the corner of the street,
xalted?" As if in answer to his words there rose suddenly out of the vast gloom of the moor that strange cry which I had already heard upon the borders of the great Grimpen Mire. It
? Weigh oath with oath, and you will nothing weigh: Your vows to her and me, put in two scales, Will even weigh; and both as light as tales. LYSANDER. I hod no judgment when to her I swore. H
hty lord, And hath so humbled me as I confess There is no woe to his correction, Nor to his service no such joy on earth. Now no discourse, except i
n. "Eminent Bodymaster," he said, in a solemn voice, "I claim urgency!" "Brother McMurdo claims urgency," said McGinty. "It's a claim that by the 
ou the reason? Gent. Something he left imperfect in the state, which since his coming forth is thought of, which imports to the kingdom so much fear and danger that his personal re
dronicus! Exit SCENE II. Rome. The palace Enter AARON, DEMETRIUS and CHIRON, at one door; and at the other door, YOUNG LUCIUS and another with a bundle of weapons, and verses writ upon
he King's Pyland training-stables,' said she. "'Oh, indeed! What a stroke of luck!' he cried. 'I understand that a stable-boy sleeps ther
CTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR O
CTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERS
man who had lingered in the kitchen, he had the whole place to himself. There was a good deal of tidying up to do inside his study and he set himself to do it 
voices next moment in the street. "There's more work to be got out of one of those little beggars than out of a dozen of the force," Holmes remarked. "The mere si
t not said Thy edge should blunter be than appetite, Which but to-day by feeding is allayed, To-morrow sharpened in his former might. So love be thou, although to-day thou fill Thy hungr
utes, or it won't be legal.' "I was half-dragged up to the altar, and before I knew where I was I found myself mumbling responses which were whispered in my ear, and vo
so to his charge; He's with the King your father. LEONTES. Who? Camillo? LORD. Camillo, sir; I spake with him; who now Has these poor men in question. Never saw I Wretches so quake.
Where is best place to make our batt'ry next. GARGRAVE. I think at the North Gate; for there stand lords. GLANSDALE. And I here, at the bulwark of the brid
 to, at least we are likely to get where he came from. But what in the name of all that is wonderful made the fellow leave it behind? And how in the wor
forgive me if I have seemed to play a trick upon you. In truth, it was partly for your own sake that I did it, and it was my appreciation of the danger which you ran which le
 wealth. A small timber-yard still exists, however, at the back of the house, and last night, about twelve o'clock, an alarm was given that one of the stacks was on fire. The engines
 in me, York? Why dost thou pause? YORK. With thy brave bearing should I be in love But that thou art so fast mine enemy. CLIFFORD. Nor should thy prowess want
 loud; you hear him all night. FLUELLEN. If the enemy is an ass, and a fool, and a prating coxcomb, is it meet, think you, that we should also, look you,
e whisper goes so. Our last king, Whose image even but now appear'd to us, Was, as you know, by Fortinbras of Norway, Thereto prick'd on by a most emulate pride, Dar'd to the combat; in w
inen bag which contained within it a mass of old rusted and discolored metal and several dull-colored pieces of pebble or glass. This strange find was all that we could get from the me
gave him without question, land, money, houses, until at last he asked a thing which I could not give. He asked for Alice. "His son, you see, had grown up, and so had my girl, a
 We could see the marks in the wood where it had been pushed in. "You don't use bars, then?" he asked. "We have never found it necessary." "You do
gins, that would suffer her poor knight surpris'd without rescue in the first assault, or ransom afterward. This she deliver'd in the most bitter touch of sorrow that e'er I heard virgin exclaim in; 
s in command of one of the forts upon Portsdown Hill. I was glad that he should go, for it seemed to me that he
empty. But it was only for a moment that we were at fault. At one corner, the corner nearest the room which 
e for you; and I pray you to serve God, and keep you out of prawls, and prabbles, and quarrels, and 
you see that it gives us an infallible test for blood stains. Come over here now!" He seized me by the coat-sleeve in his eagerness, and drew me over to
r?" "A good deal." "How many half-crowns?" "I have five." "Ah, too few! Too few! How very unfortunate, Watson! However, such as they are you can put them in your watchpocke
Shrewsbury. West. Faith, Sir John, 'tis more than time that I were there, and you too; but my powers are there alr
r heard of it before, they think that such a thing cannot be. But I know that I shall never be easy in my mind until I know what has become of my poor m
which does the hangman thank For being yare about him. Re-enter a SERVANT with THYREUS Is he whipt? SERVANT. Soundly, my lord. ANTONY. Cried he? and begg'd 'a pardon? SER
the opportunity of doing that as well. I came to you, Mr. Holmes, because I recognized that I am myself an unpractical man and because
 of rattled, and from the time when I saw Frank here again I just didn't know what I was doing or saying. I only wonder I didn't fall down and do a faint right there before the altar." 
 could see Holmes as he lay upon the couch. I do not know whether he was seized with compunction at that moment for the part he was playing, but I know that 
ng. So entranced was he that he stood staring without a word, and it was she who broke the silence. "I thought it was father," said she with a plea
to them in their investigations. Inspector Barton, who had charge of the case, made a very careful examination of the premises, but without finding anything which threw any light upon the m
ld's a stage, And all the men and women merely players; They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts, His acts being seven ages. At first the i
 of the pensioners upon the fund left by our noble benefactor. Are you a married man, Mr. Wilson? Have you a family?' "I answered that I had n
ully flushed with her exertions, and she held her hand to her side. "I have run all the way in order to cut you off, Dr. Watson," said she. "I had not even time to put on my h
you were. PETRUCHIO. Were it better, I should rush in thus. But where is Kate? Where is my lovely bride? How does my father? Gentles, methinks you frown; And wherefore gaze this goodly comp
an French crown. I will never buy and sell out of this word. Enter BEROWNE BEROWNE. My good knave Costard, exceedingly well 
logy," he said, raising his golden pince-nez to his eyes. "I trust that I am not intruding. I fear that I have brought some trac
mine eye doth his effigies witness Most truly limn'd and living in your face, Be truly welcome hither. I am the Duke That lov'd your father. The residue of your fo
 send it me. IACHIMO. She writes so to you, doth she? POSTHUMUS. O, no, no, no! 'tis true. Here, take
Why prat'st thou to thyself, and answer'st not? Dromio, thou drone, thou snail, thou slug, thou sot! DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. I am transformed, master, am not I? AN
ENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1)
ENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS P
this for whom we rend'red up this woe. Exeunt. Scene IV The hall in Leonato's house. Enter Leonato, Benedick, [Beatrice,] Margaret, Ursula, Antonio, Friar [
TRATE Hippolyta, I woo'd thee with my sword, And won thy love doing thee injuries; But I will wed thee in an
BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIB
honourable! How unluckily it happ'ned that I should purchase the day before for a little part and undo a great deal of honour! Servilius, now before the gods, I am not able to do- the 
nd who is the blackmailer?" "Well, it must be the creature who lives in the only comfortable room in the place, and has her photograph above his fireplace. Upon my word,
 That the fix'd sentinels almost receive The secret whispers of each other's watch. Fire answers fire, and through their paly flames Each battle sees the other's
om us with a blanket, or put the moon in his pocket, we will pay him tribute for light; else, sir, no more tribute, pray you now. CYMBELINE. You must know, Till the injurious Romans did extort Th
 it not, perdy. Come, some music! Enter Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. Guil. Good my lord, vouchsafe me a word with you. Ham. Sir, a whole history. Guil. The King, sir- Ham. Ay, sir, what of hi
 BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY,
 not. Exeunt SCENE IV. Belmont. PORTIA'S house Enter PORTIA, NERISSA, LORENZO, JESSICA, and BALTHASAR LORENZO. Madam, although I speak it in yo
lored your Highness' pardon, and set forth A deep repentance. Nothing in his life Became him like the leaving it; he died As one that had been studied in his death, To throw away the dearest
n the evening of last Monday. "Mrs. Barclay was, it appears, a member of the Roman Catholic Church, and had interested herself very much in the establishment of the Guild 
s strange couple there stood three solemn buzzards, who, at the sight of the new comers uttered raucous screams of disappointment and flapped sullenly away. The cries of the foul birds awok
serv'd me to effectless use. Now all the service I require of them Is that the one will help to cut the other. 'Tis well, Lavinia, that thou hast no hands; For hands to do 
onspiracy. The mighty gods defend thee! Thy lover, Artemidorus." Here will I stand till Caesar pass along, And as a suitor will I give him this. My heart la
How can you tell that?" "The name, you see, is in perfectly black ink, which has dried itself. The rest is of the greyish colour, which shows that blotting
fortunes, then?" "This hat is three years old. These flat brims curled at the edge came in then. It is a hat of the very best quality. Look at the band of ribbed silk and 
, and why should he come with a long knife in his hand?" "You are sure it was not a house-breaker's jimmy?" "Oh, no, it was a knife. I saw the flash of the blade quite distinc
en? CHIEF JUSTICE. I then did use the person of your father; The image of his power lay then in me; And in th' administration of his law, Whiles I was busy for the commonwealt
o days before the murder--stopped as he passed the grounds and looked at the square of light still shining among the trees. He swears that the shadow of a man's head turned sidewa
IS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE
In order to reach the billiard-room I had to descend a flight of stairs and then to cross the head of a passage which led to the library and the gun-room. You can imagine my surprise when,
 Inn. SILENCE. That's fifty-five year ago. SHALLOW. Ha, cousin Silence, that thou hadst seen that that this knight and I have seen! Ha, Sir J
company your hearts! LYSANDER. More than to us Wait in your royal walks, your board, your bed! THESEUS. Come now; what masques, what dances shall we have, To wear away this lon
name should be hang'd and carved upon these trees? ROSALIND. I was seven of the nine days out of the wonder before you came; for
 Esses. 8. A canopy borne by four of the CINQUE-PORTS; under it the QUEEN in her robe; in her hair richly adorned with pearl, crowned. On each 
OWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. SCENE I. Venice. A street Enter SOLANIO and SALERIO SOLANIO. Now, what news on the Rialto? SALERIO. Why, yet it lives there uncheck'd that Antonio hath a
 and waiting their trial next morning. But even within this inner fortress of the law the long arm of the Freemen
CHAPTER II The Curse of the Baskervilles "I have in my pocket a manuscript," said Dr. James Mortimer. "I observed it as you entered the room," said Holmes. "It is an old
 all know security Is mortals' chiefest enemy. Music and a song within, "Come away, come away." Hark! I am call'd; my little spirit,
ribs and ragged sails, Lean, rent, and beggar'd by the strumpet wind! Enter LORENZO SALERIO. Here comes Lorenzo; more of this hereafter. LORENZO. Sweet friends, your patienc
t to wear, when I had my purple plush that I had never so much as taken out of the drawer. At last, when nothing else would do, he went off to France upon the business of the f
 forth her prodigy; And I, a gasping new-deliver'd mother, Have woe to woe, sorrow to sorrow join'd. BUSHY. Despair not, madam. QUEEN. Who shall hinder me? I will despair, and be at
n acquiring all the information which he needed. In June of '95 only one of their line had reached a home port. It was the Rock of Gibraltar, their largest and best boat. A 
ACT II. SCENE 1 Another part of the island Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, GONZALO, ADRIAN, FRANCISCO, and OTHERS GONZALO. Beseech you, sir, be merry; you have cause, So have we al
heart out ere 'a pluck one. COUNTESS. You'll be gone, sir knave, and do as I command you. CLOWN. That man should be at woman's command, an
ence he heard a gentle scratching sound--low, but very distinct in the quiet of the night. It came from the door of the house. Ferrier crept into the hall and listened intently.
 than that of the whole detective force of London." "I shall bring him, then," said I. "It is one now. I ought to be back before three, if I can get a fresh horse." "And I," said Holmes, "sha
s glad to do the same, for the air was most bitter and neither of us had broken our fast. It was not until we had consumed some hot tea at the station, and taken our places in the Kentish train, 
ed shall o'er-read, And tongues to be, your being shall rehearse, When all the breathers of this world are dead, You still shall live (such virtue hath my pen) Where breath most breathes, even in th
 figure was that of a tall, thin man. He stood with his legs a little separated, his arms folded, his head bowe
at his farm and all that belonged to him prospered exceedingly. In three years he was better off than his neighbours, in six he was well-to-do, in nine h
d so unexpected, that we were all three fairly dumbfounded. Gregson sprang out of his chair and upset the remainder of his whiskey and water. I stared in silence at Sherlock Holmes, whose lips we
 the records. Among my headings under this one twelve months I find an account of the adventure of the Paradol Chamber, of the Amateur Mendicant Society, who h
k when we left No. 3, Lauriston Gardens. Sherlock Holmes led me to the nearest telegraph office, whence he dispatched a long telegram. He then hailed a cab, and ordered the driver to take us to
he blood away. Keep thou the napkin, and go boast of this; And if thou tell'st the heavy story right, Upon my soul, the hearers 
t, thou wouldst not have slipp'd out of my contemplation; but it is no matter; thyself upon thyself! The common curse of mankind, folly and ignorance, be thine in
shall probably return to London by the evening train." "And leave your case unfinished?" "No, finished." "But the mystery?" "It is solved." "Who was the criminal, then
y part, I only hear your son was run away. Exit Enter HELENA and the two FRENCH GENTLEMEN SECOND GENTLEMAN. Save you, good madam. HELENA. Madam, my lord is gone, for 
rable conceited fellow. Has he any unbraided wares? SERVANT. He hath ribbons of all the colours i' th' rainbow; points, more than all the
onversation, which had roamed in a desultory, spasmodic fashion from golf clubs to the causes of the change in the obliquity of the ecliptic, came round at last to the question of atavism and here
ol'n. Well, you are to call at all the alehouses and bid those that are drunk get them to bed. 2. Watch. How if they will not? Dog. Why then, let them alone till they are sober. If they make you not 
an entreat an hour to serve, We would spend it in some words upon that business, If you would grant the time. BANQUO. At your kind'st leisure. MACBETH. If you shall cl
ess Which puts some of us in distemper; but I cannot name the disease; and it is caught Of you that yet are well. POLIXENES. How! caught of me? Make 
oscombe Valley. He had been out with his serving-man in the morning at Ross, and he had told the man that he must hurry, as he had an appointment of impo
the headlights shot through the darkness. The secretary lay back in the cushions of the luxurious limousine, with his thoughts so full of the impending European
ND KEEPER. Say, what art thou that talk'st of kings and queens? KING HENRY. More than I seem, and less than I was born to: A man at least, for less I shou
are Dramatis Personae Claudius, King of Denmark. Marcellus, Officer. Hamlet, son to the former, and nephew to the present king. 
 Queen; And, princely peers, a happy time of day! KING EDWARD. Happy, indeed, as we have spent the day. Gloucester, we have
for if the devil be within and that temptation without, I know he will choose it. I will do anything, Nerissa, ere I will be marr
 is indeed perfection. IAGO. Well, happiness to their sheets! Come, lieutenant, I have a stope of wine, and here without are a brace of Cyprus gallants that would fain have a measure to th
upon our expedition. We hurried through the dark shrubbery, amid the dull moaning of the autumn wind and the rustle of the falling leaves.
o, his conscience Has crept too near another lady. NORFOLK. 'Tis so; This is the Cardinal's doing; the King-Cardinal, That blind priest, like the e
MUS. And therewithal the best; or let her beauty Look through a casement to allure false hearts, And be false with them. IAC
 yet the face of it be cover'd With mutual cunning) 'twixt Albany and Cornwall; Who have (as who have not, that their great stars Thron'd and set high?) servants, who seem no
 heard Where many of the best respect in Rome, Except immortal Caesar, speaking of Brutus And groaning underneath this age's yoke, Have wish'd that noble Brutus had his eyes. BRUTUS. Into what d
id but see The flatness of my misery; yet with eyes Of pity, not revenge! Re-enter OFFICERS, with CLEOMENES and DION OFFICER. You here shall swear upon this sword of justice That you, Cleomenes and D
OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE I. The woods. Before TIMON's cave Enter POET and PAINTER PAINTER. As I too
NLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE 1. Without the Florentine camp Enter SECOND FRENCH LORD with five or six other SOLDIERS in ambush SECOND LORD. He can come no 
n my side, and all good comradeship and friendship on hers. When we parted she was a free woman, but I could never again be a free man. "Next time I
wolf, nay worse, a fellow all in buff; A back-friend, a shoulder-clapper, one that countermands The passages of alleys, creeks, and narrow lands; A hound that runs counter, and yet draws 
ollars of Esses. 8. A canopy borne by four of the CINQUE-PORTS; under it the QUEEN in her robe; in her hair richly adorned with pearl, crowned. On each side her, the BISHOPS OF LONDO
ne in life. Between ourselves, the recent cases in which I have been of assistance to the royal family of Scandinavia, and to the Fr
 years very well. Welcome, good Sir John. FALSTAFF. I am glad to see you well, good Master Robert Shallow. Master Surecard, as I think
thee well. I would have been much more a fresher man, Had I expected thee. Re-enter TROILUS How now, my brother! TROILUS. Ajax hath ta'en Aeneas. Shall it be? No, b
t never saw the ghost of a chance; but I was not discouraged, for something told me that the hour had almost come. My only fear was that this thing in my chest might burst a little too soon and leave
apert. PRINCE OF WALES. I know my duty; you are all undutiful. Lascivious Edward, and thou perjur'd George, And thou misshapen Dick, I 
 Holmes' attention to it. Then there was the peculiar dying reference to a rat. What could that mean? It could not be delirium. A man dying from a sudden blow does not
urvey th' inscriptions back again. What says this leaden casket? 'Who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath.' Must give- for what? For lead? Hazard for lead! This caske
ch was still raging. They all agreed that only two voices were to be heard, those of Barclay and of his wife. Barclay's remar
EXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) AR
ed itself in smiles and his small eyes glittered as he greeted my companion. He said little about the case, but from that little we gathered that he also was not dissa
rd that I was looking for." "Who is he?" asked Mycroft eagerly. "The younger brother of the late Sir James Walter, the head of the Submarine Department. Y
TEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE N
I Sir Pandarus of Troy become, And by my side wear steel? Then Lucifer take all! NYM. I will run no base humour. Here, take the humour-letter; I will keep the haviour of reputation. FALSTAFF. [T
ut me quivers. Scurvy knave! Pray you, sir, a word; and, as I told you, my young lady bid me enquire you out. What she bid me say, I will
t I do prize it at my love before The reverend'st throat in Athens. So I leave you To the protection of the prosperous gods, As thieves to keepers. FLAVIUS. Stay not, all's in vain. TIMON. Why, I w
. Good morrow, kind Sir Eglamour. Exeunt SCENE IV. Under SILVIA'S Window Enter LAUNCE with his dog LAUNCE. When a man's servant shall play the cur with him, look you, it goes hard-
hat tells the story of thy days, (Making lascivious comments on thy sport) Cannot dispraise, but in a kind of praise, Naming thy name, blesses an ill report. O wh
. OXFORD. Ay, for if Edward repossess the crown, 'Tis like that Richmond with the rest shall down. SOMERSET. It shall be so; he shall to Brittany. Come therefore, let's about it speedily. Exeunt 
 back part of his head, which had evidently been caused by a violent blow from a blunt weapon. Nor was it difficult to guess what that weapon may have been. Upon the floor, cl
dispatched him for safety to Dr. Huxtable's school. "James came into contact with this fellow Hayes because the man was a tenant of mine, and James acted as agent. The fellow was a rascal from 
gives me this bold show of courtesy. Kisses her. IAGO. Sir, would she give you so much of her lips As of her tongue she oft bestows on me, You'ld h
ith me? VOLUMNIA. Anger's my meat; I sup upon myself, And so shall starve with feeding. Come, let's go. Leave this faint puling and lament as I do, In anger, Juno-like. Come, come, com
 Hamlet and Horatio. Ham. So much for this, sir; now shall you see the other. You do remember all the circumstance? Hor. Remember it, my lord! Ham
for him. What was he like? I have forgot him; my imagination Carries no favour in't but Bertram's. I am undone; there is no living, none, If Bertram be away. 'Twere all one Th
ourselves; away, Rob one another. There's more gold. Cut throats; All that you meet are thieves. To Athens go, Break open shops; nothing can you steal But thieves do lose it. 
m. PINCH. Go bind this man, for he is frantic too. [They bind DROMIO] ADRIANA. What wilt thou do, thou peevish officer? Hast thou delight to see a wretched man Do outrage and displeasure to hi
G ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHE
sundown if he was paid for it. Look at this stranger hiding out yonder, and watching and waiting! What's he waiting for? What does it mean? It means no good to anyone of the name of Baskerville, 
 of energy. "You won't take the key from be by force, Watson, I've got you, my friend. Here you are, and here you will s
ather was beaten till the blood dripped from his white hairs? Was that crime--or what else would you call it?" "There are some would say it was war," said
ore trouble, for I got into a mess over a girl, and could only get out of it again by taking the queen's shilling and joining the 3d Buffs, which was just starting for India. "I wasn't destined
II. A field of battle between the Roman and the Volscian camps Alarum, as in battle. Enter MARCIUS and AUFIDIUS at several doors MARCIUS. I'll fight
and that he very readily established terms of confidence with them. In half the time which he had named he had captured the housekeeper's goodwill, and was chatting with her as if he had known he
khorses, And hollow pamper'd jades of Asia, Which cannot go but thirty mile a day, Compare with Caesars, and with Cannibals, And T
r. Holmes," said he. "No wonder you get results that are beyond us. But some of these days you'll go too far, and you'll find yourself and your friend
eaning any harm? OTHELLO. Naked in bed, Iago, and not mean harm! It is hypocrisy against the devil. They that mean virtuously and yet do so, The devil their virtue t
 you say that the man was of middle size, dark, and bearded. What age would he be?" "Youngish, sir--not over thirty." "Well, can you give me no further indications?" "He spoke good English, sir
BERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ON
BERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE
at was he, then? If he was in the hospital and yet not on the staff he could only have been a house-surgeon or a house
yours, will in all probability be tried for murder." The man gave a violent start. "I don't know who you are," he cried, "nor how you come to know what you do know,
ophon; and he it was that might rightly say, 'Veni, vidi, vici'; which to annothanize in the vulgar,- O base and obscure vulgar!- videlicet
lords Shall make their way seem short, as mine hath done By sight of what I have, your noble company. BOLINGBROKE. Of much less value is my company Than your good words. But who 
 a little. Wishers were ever fools. O come, come, [They heave ANTONY aloft to CLEOPATRA] And welcome, welcome! Die where thou hast liv'd. Quicken 
 their necks: 'Be it known unto all men by these presents'- LE BEAU. The eldest of the three wrestled with Charles, the Duke's wrestler; which C
ill counterfeit the bewitchment of some popular man and give it bountiful to the desirers. Therefore, beseech you I may be consul. FIFTH CITIZEN. We hope to find you our friend; and therefore give
th nothing griev'd, And thou with all pleas'd, that hast an achiev'd. Long mayst thou live in Richard's seat to sit, And soon lie Richard in an earthly pit. God save King Henry, unking'd Richar
nly me for thee. Hence, thou suborned informer, a true soul When most impeached, stands least in thy control. 126 O thou my lovely boy who in thy power, Dost hold Ti
 right himself with quarrelling, Some of us would lie low. Claud. Who wrongs him? Leon. Marry, thou dost wrong me, thou dissemb
er the army of the Volsces MARCIUS. They fear us not, but issue forth their city. Now put your shields before your hearts, and fight With hearts more proof than shields. Advance, brave Titus. The
l you, and that soundly; you cannot tell who's your friend. Open your chaps again. TRINCULO. I should know that voice; it should be-but he is drown'd; and thes
 love me, I charge her to love thee; if she will not, I will never have her unless thou entreat for her. If you be a true lover, hence, and not a word; for here co
lar assurance have your satisfaction, and that without any further delay than this very evening. Glou. He cannot be such a monster. Edm. Nor is not, sure. Glou. To
ch a fashion?" "Obviously the business was a bad one, and one of the men who distrusted the other was determined that, whatever was done, each should ha
GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERS
lus! Troilus! [Embracing him] PANDARUS. What a pair of spectacles is here! Let me embrace too. 'O heart,' as the goodly saying is, O heart, heavy heart, Why sigh'
not care, I then would be content; For then I should not love thee; no, nor thou Become thy great birth, nor deserve a crown. But thou art fair, and at thy birth, dear boy, Nature and For
 time, and the other half hobbling round the house with a stick or being pushed about the grounds by the gardener in a bath-chair. He was well liked by the few neighbours who called upon him, an
 Men so disorder'd, so debosh'd, and bold That this our court, infected with their manners, Shows like a riotous inn. Epicurism and lust Make it more like a tav
e first advis'd, In conflict, that you get the sun of them. LONGAVILLE. Now to plain-dealing; lay these glozes by. Shall we resolve to woo these girls of France? KING. And win them too
ering, When, with a most impatient devilish spirit, 'Frets, call you these?' quoth she 'I'll fume with them.' And with that word she struck me on the head, An
he has answered." "Surely you asked him what he meant by the Valley of Fear?" "I did; but his face would become very grave and he would shake his h
; And so let's leave her to her silent walks. CHIRON. An 'twere my cause, I should go hang myself. DEMETRIUS. If thou hadst hands to help thee knit the cord. Exeunt DEMETRI
safety this sport to the upshot. Come by and by to my chamber. Exit with MARIA CLOWN. [Sings] Hey, Robin, jolly Robin, Tell 
ir, the worse. DUKE. How can that be? CLOWN. Marry, sir, they praise me and make an ass of me. Now my foes tell me plainly I am an ass; so that by my foes, sir, I profit in the knowled
outrages were traced home to the perpetrators. For some years the organisation flourished in spite of the efforts of the United Stat
the lantern she saw that he was a person of gentlemanly bearing, dressed in a gray suit of tweeds, with a cloth cap. He wore gaiters, and carried a heavy stick with a 
oor, and the boy in buttons entered to announce Miss Mary Sutherland, while the lady herself loomed behind his small black figure like a full-sailed merchant-man behind a tiny pilot boat
n the seat, that it may know He can command, lets it straight feel the spur; Whether the tyranny be in his place, Or in his eminence that fills it up, I stagger in. But this new governor Awake
m; item, one neck, one chin, and so forth. Were you sent hither to praise me? VIOLA. I see you what you are: you are too proud; But, if you were the devil
ome of me now, wretched lady? I am the most unhappy woman living. [To her WOMEN] Alas, poor wenches, where are now your fortunes? Shipwreck'd upon a kingdom, where no pit
ures and calculations, without any note to show to what they referred. The recurring words, "water pressure" and "pressure to the s
's life, May in the sworn twelve have a thief or two Guiltier than him they try. What's open made to justice, That justice seizes. What
l'n dignity, And fall into our rustic revelry. Play, music; and you brides and bridegrooms all, With measure heap'd in joy, to th' measures fall.
uth, and proceeded to draw a rough diagram on a page torn from his notebook. "He's the chief foreman of the Iron Dike Company. He's a hard citizen, an old colour sergeant of the war, all scars and g
 I bade him good-night and left him. Half an hour later the porter tells me that a rough-looking man with a beard called with a note for
, good Petruchio! The wager thou hast won; and I will ad Unto their losses twenty thousand crowns; Another dowry to another daughter, For she is chang'd, as she had never been. PET
o son of mine- Nor thou, nor these, confederates in the deed That hath dishonoured all our family; Unworthy brother and unworthy sons! L
JECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS P
JECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONL
t anon with new contents. Swear. [CALIBAN drinks] TRINCULO. By this good light, this is a very shallow monster! I afeard of him! A very weak monster
 kill'd to-day?' 'Give my roan horse a drench,' says he, and answers 'Some fourteen,' an hour after, 'a trifle, a trifle.' I prithee call in Falstaff. I'll
rtainly go down to the office here and register a complaint." Dr. Leslie Armstrong sprang up from behind his desk, and his dark face was crimson with fury. "I'll trouble you to walk 
I am wealthy in my friends. Within there! Flaminius! Servilius! Enter FLAMINIUS, SERVILIUS, and another SERVANT SERVANTS. My lord! 
ess and desperate men who would stick at nothing. The usual revelry of the lodge was short and subdued: for there was a cloud upon the men's spirits, and many there for the 
m over utterly and has written to him to say that she has a husband already in the Bermuda Dockyard, so that there is really no tie between them. I think that tha
ne day. In thee thy mother dies, our household's name, My death's revenge, thy youth, and England's fame. All these and more we hazard by thy stay; All the
 God and good men hate so foul a liar. KING RICHARD. Mowbray, impartial are our eyes and cars. Were he my brother, nay, my kingdom's heir, As he is but my father's brother's son, Now by my s
ttle time, and they hoped that perhaps you might find an opening for them in the company's employment." "Very possibly! Very pos
ctly. But he received it on that day?" "Yes." "Was there anything in your letter which might have unbalanced him or induced him to 
d to take From Rome all season'd office, and to wind Yourself into a power tyrannical; For which you are a traitor to the people. CORIOLANUS. How- traitor? MENENIUS. 
ike me down, That I may slumber an eternal sleep! Speak, gentle niece. What stern ungentle hands Hath lopp'd, and hew'd, and made thy body bare Of he
CHRISTOPHER SLY, a tinker HOSTESS PAGE PLAYERS HUNTSMEN SERVANTS BAPTISTA MINOLA, a gentleman of Padua VINCENTIO, a Merchant of Pisa LUCENTIO, son to Vincentio, in love with Bianca 
he AEDILE SICINIUS. Bid them all home; he's gone, and we'll no further. The nobility are vex'd, whom we see have sided In his behalf. BRUTUS. Now we have shown our power,
harg'd, In peril to incur your former malady, That I should yet absent me from your bed. I hope this reason stands for my excuse. SLY. Ay, it stands so that I may hardly tarry s
y for an inward bruise; And that it was great pity, so it was, This villanous saltpetre should be digg'd Out of the bowels of the harmless earth, Which many a good tall fellow had destro
ld disks of metal. "Well, my boy, what do you make of this lot?" he asked, smiling at my expression. "It is a curious collection." "Very curious, and the story that hangs round it
e Company, Limited, with a hundred and thirty-four branches in the towns and villages of France, not counting one in Brussels and one in San Remo.' "This took my breath away. 'I never
 been inside the house, have you not, Watson? Can you tell the position of the rooms? What are those latticed windows at this end?" "I think they are the kitchen windows." "And th
 mouths, let them not speak a word. Is he sure bound? Look that you bind them fast. Re-enter TITUS ANDRONICUS with a knife, and LAVINIA, with a basin TITUS. Come, come, Lavinia; 
ED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS
 obedient subjects follow him To his new kingdom of ne'er-changing night. DUCHESS. Ah, so much interest have I in thy sorrow As I had title in thy noble husband! I have 
here are we to find our savage?" "South American," I hazarded. He stretched his hand up, and took down a bulky volume from the shelf. "This is the first volume of a gazetteer which is now be
 too, and women's sons. BANDITTI. We are not thieves, but men that much do want. TIMON. Your greatest want is, you want much of meat. Why should you wan
ack and full of blood; His eye-balls further out than when he liv'd, Staring full ghastly like a strangled man; His hair uprear'd, his nostrils stretch'd with struggling; His hands abroad 
o-forth.' 'Tis far gone When I shall gust it last.- How came't, Camillo, That he did stay? CAMILLO. At the good Queen's entreaty. LEONTES. 'At the Queen's' be't. 'Good' should be pertin
entine was here. DUKE. Ay, and perversely she persevers so. What might we do to make the girl forget The love of Valentine, and love Sir Thurio? PROTEUS. The best way is to slander Valenti
e out the night before and had not yet returned. I waited all day without news of him. That night, on the advice of the manager of the h
anous abominable misleader of youth, Falstaff, that old white-bearded Satan. Fal. My lord, the man I know. Prince. I know thou dost. Fal. But to say I know more har
your Grace. I was never more earnest in my life." "What do you mean, then?" "I mean that I have earned the reward. I know where your son is, and I know some, at least, of those who are hold
- but now. Well, on. Exeunt ACT_4|SC_5 SCENE V. Alexandria. ANTONY'S camp Trumpets sound. Enter ANTONY and EROS, a SOLDIER meeting them SOLDIER. The gods
ay I didn't know much of what was going on outside, and I was always glad of a bit of news. "'Have you never heard of the League of the Red-headed Men?' he asked with h
concealed it is no direct business of yours. We have no excuse for an intrusion upon his privacy until we have some reason to think that there is a guilty reason for it. I'v
low. He wore rather baggy grey shepherd's check trousers, a not over-clean black frock-coat, unbuttoned in the front, and a drab waistcoat with a heavy brassy Albert chain, and a s
hat engenders thunder in his breast And makes him roar these accusations forth. But he shall know I am as good GLOUCESTER. As good! Thou bastard of my grandfather! WINCHESTER. Ay, 
st brave, valorous, and thrice-worthy signieur of England. PISTOL. As I suck blood, I will some mercy show. Follow me. Exit BOY. Suivez-vous le grand capitaine. Exit FRENCH SOLDI
s not born a yielder, thou proud Scot; And thou shalt find a king that will revenge Lord Stafford's death. They fight. Douglas kills Blunt. Then enter Hotspur. Hot. O Douglas, hadst thou fought a
Mr. Sherlock Holmes recovered from the strain caused by his immense exertions in the spring of '87. The whole question of the Netherland-Sumatra Company and of the colossal schemes o
n. His chin, too, had the prominence and squareness which mark the man of determination. His hands were invariably blotted with ink and stained with chemicals, yet he was p
me words scrawled upon it. Holmes glanced at it, and then handed it to me. "You see," he said, with a significant raising of the eyebrows. In the light of the l
 gates and let me in. BASSIANUS. Tribunes, and me, a poor competitor. [Flourish. They go up into the Senate House] Enter a CAPTAIN CAPTAIN. Romans, make way. The g
hat price they will. Con. I wonder at it. Bora. That shows thou art unconfirm'd. Thou knowest that the fashion of a doublet, or a hat, or a cloak, is nothing to a man. Con. Yes, it is apparel. 
rch on, since we are up in arms; If not to fight with foreign enemies, Yet to beat down these rebels here at home. Re-enter CATESBY CATESBY. My liege,
 surprised if that were he. I thought I heard a ring." It was, indeed, our friend the financier. I was shocked by the change which had come over him, for his face which was n
 putting on the mere form of civil and humane seeming, for the better compass of his salt and most hidden loose affection? Why, none, why, none- a slipper and subtle 
ng us to this sight, and you shall say I'll prove a busy actor in their play. Exeunt SCENE V. Another part of the forest Enter SILVIUS and PHEBE SILVIUS. Sweet 
ith which Lestrade greeted us was so momentous and so unexpected, that we were all three fairly dumbfounded. Gregson sprang out of his chair and upset the remainder of his whiskey and water. I stared
ivers, so were you. Was not your husband In Margaret's battle at Saint Albans slain? Let me put in your minds, if you forget, What you have been ere this, and what you are; Withal, what I have be
lone Dealt on lieutenantry, and no practice had In the brave squares of war. Yet now- no matter. CLEOPATRA. Ah, stand by! EROS. The Queen, my lord, the Queen! IRAS. Go to him, madam, speak to him. He
circumstances pointed to its being a reply written by the lady. Accepting it as correct, we are now able to say that the symbols [ Picture: Picture of three dancing men ] stand r
good will. Leon. By my troth, niece, thou wilt never get thee a husband if thou be so shrewd of thy tongue. Ant. In faith, she's too curst. Beat. Too curst is more than curst. I shall lessen
a king. The slave, a member of the country's peace, Enjoys it; but in gross brain little wots What watch the king keeps to maintain the peace Whose hours the peasant best adv
fternoon, "that there is a single common point of resemblance in the varying reports which have reached us. This concerns the effect of the atmosphere of the room in each case upon those who ha
inst him, if there be any law in Illyria; though I struck him first, yet it's no matter for that. SEBASTIAN. Let go thy hand. SIR TOBY. Come, sir, I will not let you go. Come, my y
ning let us meet him then. SALISBURY. Or rather then set forward; for 'twill be Two long days' journey, lords, or ere we meet. Enter the BASTARD BASTARD. O
rrant you, with pure love and troubled brain, he hath ta'en his bow and arrows, and is gone forth- to sleep. Look, who comes here. Enter SILVIUS SILVIUS. My erra
TRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE 1. The Grecian camp. Before the tent of ACHILLES Enter ACHILLE
fell down, clapped my hand to my face, and became a piteous spectacle. It is an old trick." "That also I could fathom." "Then they carried me in. She was bound to have me in. What else c
e should not hasten at once to the scene of this mysterious affair. I may explain, then, that our friend here spent last evening in the company of his two brothers, Owen and George, and of his si
y became bad for her until after she met Mr. Fowler at a friend's house. As well as I could learn, Miss Alice had rights of her own by will, but she was so quiet and patient, she was, t
As dissolute as desperate; yet through both I see some sparks of better hope, which elder years May happily bring forth. But who comes here? Enter AUMERLE amazed AUMERLE. Where is the 
or I die.' Call you this gamut? Tut, I like it not! Old fashions please me best; I am not so nice To change true rules for odd inventions. Enter a SERVANT SERVANT. Mistress, your father prays you l
 th' owl and morn to th' lark less welcome. IMOGEN. Thanks, sir. ARVIRAGUS. I pray draw near. Exeunt SCENE VII. Rome. A public place Enter two ROMAN SENATORS and TRIBUNES FIRST SENATOR. This is t
secret which might have put each of us in a palace if we could only have made use of it. It was enough to make a man eat his heart out to have to stand the kick and the cuff o
ear not along The clogging burden of a guilty soul. MOWBRAY. No, Bolingbroke; if ever I were traitor, My name be blotted from the book of life, And I from heaven banish'd as from hence! But w
its summit, and I should be prepared to turn to some more placid line in life. Between ourselves, the recent cases in which I have been of assistance to the royal family of Scandinavia, and to the Fr
 Barrymore. We may talk further of this some other time." When the butler had gone I walked over to the black window, and I looked through a blurred pane at the driving clouds and at the tossing 
wife. This man has disappeared and has escaped from the country. It is suggestive that Anthony is not a common name in England, while Antonio is so in all Spanish or Spanish-American countri
tant to us both. Holmes sprang up from where he crouched by the window. "This is serious, Watson," he cried. "There is some devilry going forward! Why should such a message stop in such a way? I sh
him, I will run as far as God has any ground. O rare fortune! Here comes the man. To him, father, for I am a Jew, if I serve the Jew any longer. Enter BASSANIO, with LEONARDO, with a FOL
th that the justice of your title to him Doth flourish the deceit. Come, let us go; Our corn's to reap, for yet our tithe's to sow. Exeunt SCENE II. The prison Enter PROVOST and POMPEY PROVOST. Come 
ath her life been; the cure whereof, my lord, 'Tis time must do. Beseech your Majesty, Forbear sharp speeches to her; she's a lady So tender of rebukes that words are strokes, And strokes death to he
 Antony. See, Antony, that revels long o' nights, Is notwithstanding up. Good morrow, Antony. ANTONY. So to most noble Caesar. CAESAR. Bid them prepare within. I am to blame to be thus waited for
 Mapleton. Let us take that as a working hypothesis and see what it leads us to. This part of the moor, as the Inspector remarked, is very hard and dry. But it falls away towards Mapleton, a
 and the mystery clears gradually away as each new discovery furnishes a step which leads on to the complete truth. At the time the circumstances made a deep impression upon me, and the lapse of
 cannot soothsay. CHARMIAN. Nay, if an oily palm be not a fruitful prognostication, I cannot scratch mine ear. Prithee, tell her but
 he come home yet? STARVELING. He cannot be heard of. Out of doubt he is transported. FLUTE. If he come not, then the play is marr'd;
 our way to Geneva. For a charming week we wandered up the Valley of the Rhone, and then, branching off at Leuk, we made our way over the Gemmi Pass, still deep in snow, and
 the rain it raineth every day. But when I came to man's estate, With hey, ho, the wind and the rain, 'Gainst knaves and thieves men shut their gate, F
 this is lunatics. This is mad as a mad dog. SHALLOW. Indeed, Master Ford, this is not well, indeed. FORD. So say I too, sir. R
 to be a man of considerable wealth, and was reputed to be a bachelor. In age he was rather younger than Douglas--forty-five at the most--a tall, straight, broad-chested fel
, but in tears; not in pleasure, but in passion; not in words only, but in woes also: and yet there is a virtu
. AARON. It shall not die. NURSE. Aaron, it must; the mother wills it so. AARON. What, must it, nurse? Then let no man but I Do execution on my flesh and blood.
BERLAND. My liege, old Gaunt commends him to your Majesty. KING RICHARD. What says he? NORTHUMBERLAND. Nay, not
GONZALO. Ay. ANTONIO. Why, in good time. GONZALO. Sir, we were talking that our garments seem now as fresh as when we were at Tunis at the marriage of your daughter, who is n
OMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. Scene I. Els
OMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE 1. A street in Westminster Enter two GEN
a little More than a little is by much too much. So, when he had occasion to be seen, He was but as the cuckoo is in June, Heard, not regarded- seen, but with such eyes As, sick a
e Leontes. She shall be habited as it becomes The partner of your bed. Methinks I see Leontes opening his free arms and weeping His welcomes fo
er knows in times like these how a thing may come back to one. One never knows either who to trust or who not to trust." "Surely 
he wicked- that the wicked might not fall in love with thee; in which doing, I have done the part of a careful friend and a true subject; and thy father is to give me thanks 
here was in her also the instinct to turn to me for comfort and protection. So we stood hand in hand, like two children, and there was peace in our hearts for all the dark things that surrounded us. 
ld do your work for you. You have been looking a little pale lately. I think that the change would do you good, and
may have got mixed with them." "It was on the top." "Someone may have shaken the box and displaced it
od ev'n, William. WILLIAM. And good ev'n to you, sir. TOUCHSTONE. Good ev'n, gentle friend. Cover thy head, cover
ot hurt. It is a throughfare for steel if it be not hurt. SECOND LORD. [Aside] His steel was in debt; it went o' th' back side the town. CLOTEN. The villain would not 
our lord's departure, Find shapes of grief more than himself to wail; Which, look'd on as it is, is nought but shadows Of what it is not. Then, thrice-gracious Queen, More than your lord'
t him not leave out The colour of her hair. Bring me word quickly. Exit ALEXAS Let him for ever go- let him not, Charmian- Though he be pa
this land by lease; But for thy world enjoying but this land, Is it not more than shame to shame it so? Landlord of England art thou now, not King. Thy state of law is bondsl
uld have torn and rent my very heart Before I would have yielded to this league. I never read but England's kings have had Large sums of gold and dowries with their wives; And our King H
will you go with me? Claud. Whither? Bene. Even to the next willow, about your own business, County. What fashion will you wear the garlan
s Lysander from my side? LYSANDER. Lysander's love, that would not let him bide- Fair Helena, who more engilds the ni
s and the wagonette home, and the opportunity was a good one. I alighted and sent a message to Sir Henry that I should walk over in time for d
e goodness that is cheap in beauty makes beauty brief in goodness; but grace, being the soul of your complexion, shall keep the body of it eve
n me that I do not know what I should do for the best. Suddenly this morning it occurred to me that you were the man to advise me, so I have hurr
n! Queen. O me, what hast thou done? Ham. Nay, I know not. Is it the King? Queen. O, what a rash and blood
er ROSALIND and CELIA CELIA. I pray thee, Rosalind, sweet my coz, be merry. ROSALIND. Dear Celia, I show more mirth than I am mistress of; and would you yet I were 
o? She may do more, sir, than denying that: She may help you to many fair preferments And then deny her aiding hand therein
he marriage of the King's fair daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis. SEBASTIAN. 'Twas a sweet marriage, and we p
aged, that his hair is grizzled, that it has been recently cut, and that he uses lime-cream, are all to be gathered from a close examination of the lower part of the lining. The lens discloses a 
 kindness; Or, if you like elsewhere, do it by stealth; Muffle your false love with some show of blindness; Let not my sister read it in your eye; Be 
ort of the gun, and that this was the real instant of the murder. "If this is so, we have now to determine what Barker and Mrs. Douglas, presuming that they are not the ac
ter FLUELLEN and GOWER GOWER. Nay, that's right; but why wear you your leek to-day? Saint Davy's day is past. FLUELLEN. There is o
re? Lysander! on the ground! Dead, or asleep? I see no blood, no wound. Lysander, if you live, good sir, awake. LYSANDER. [Waking] And run through fire I will for thy sweet sake. Transparen
 as a reply to an appeal is far the most probable, and the circumstances pointed to its being a reply written by the lady. Accepting it as correct, we are now able to say that the symbols [ Pict
the dealer's, Jem.' "'Which dealer's?' "'Breckinridge, of Covent Garden.' "'But was there another with a barred tail?' I asked, 'the same as the one I chose?' "'Yes, Jem; there were two barred-taile
ugh justice be thy plea, consider this- That in the course of justice none of us Should see salvation; we do pray for mercy, And that same prayer doth teach us all t
 It must be as it may; though patience be a tired mare, yet she will plod. There must be conclusions. Wel
ugh. Yellow cap and sleeves. 4. Colonel Ross's Silver Blaze. Black cap. Red jacket. 5. Duke of Balmoral's Iris. Yellow and black stripes. 6. Lord Singleford's Rasper. Purple cap. Black 
time of the first crusade, when Hugo de Capus built a fortalice in the centre of the estate, which had been granted to him by the Red King. This was dest
nter PAROLLES PAROLLES. Ten o'clock. Within these three hours 'twill be time enough to go home. What shal
 was dressing for dinner, and saw the document inside. This morning it was gone. The despatch-box had stood beside the glass upon my dressing-table all night. I am a light sleeper, and so 
dows in the one and one in the other, so thick with dirt that the evening light glimmered dimly through them. The centre doo
that you must use me ill, Why, then you must. Will you put out mine eyes, These eyes that never did nor never shall So much as frown on you? HUBERT. I have sworn 
ad my Book of Songs and Sonnets here. Enter SIMPLE How, Simple! Where have you been? I must wait on myself, must I? You have not the Book of Riddles 
ustus Caesar, first emperor of Rome MARK ANTONY, general and friend of Caesar, a Triumvir after his death LEPIDUS, third member of
ssage Till he faced the slave, Which ne'er shook hands, nor bade farewell to him, Till he unseam'd him from the nave to the chaps, And fix'd his head upon our battlements. DUNCAN. O valiant cousin!
state, contentless, Hath a distracted and most wretched being, Worse than the worst, content. Thou should'st desire to die, being miserable. TIMON. Not by
e ewe. Arise, arise! Awake the snorting citizens with the bell, Or else the devil will make a grandsire of you. Arise, I say! BR
he other. She is a tall, pale woman, with ferret eyes." "That is the lady," said Holmes. "She left the office and I followed her. She walked up t
 morning. His clothes, his watch, and even his money were in his room, but the black suit which he usually wore was missing. His slippers,
 sweet Alexas, most anything Alexas, almost most absolute Alexas, where's the soothsayer that you prais'd so to th' Queen? O that I knew this husband, 
g that strange things had happened to him in that great city, so strange and so intimate that they might not be spoken of. He spoke wistfully of a sudden leaving, a breaking of old ties, a flight in
harles was the elder. The second brother, who died young, is the father of this lad Henry. The third, Rodger, was the black sh
ggested that I should come and teach music to his only daughter, aged ten. I said that I did not like to leave my mother, on
 little of his lingo from him, and this made him all the fonder of me. "Tonga--for that was his name--was a fine boatman, and owned a big, roomy canoe of his own. When I found that he was devo
 notice of the committee, render the talker liable to expulsion. My brother was one of the founders, and I have myself found it a very soothing atmosphere." We had reached Pall Mall as 
e of the letter, and the date of his supposed suicide." "The letter arrived on March 10, 1883. His death was seven weeks later, upon the night of
 heard, and the probability is that she got away out of England and carried herself and the memory of her crime to some land beyond the seas." THE REI
any way for the presence of the missing gentleman's clothes. "So much for the Lascar manager. Now for the sinister 
V. Rome. PHILARIO'S house Enter PHILARIO, IACHIMO, a FRENCHMAN, a DUTCHMAN, and a SPANIARD IACHIMO. Believe it, sir, I have seen him in Britain. He was then of a crescent note, expected to prove so w
ss. Is't possible? Beat. Very easily possible. He wears his faith but as the fashion of his hat; it ever changes with the next block. Mess. I see, lady, the gentleman is not
son, but sinister--in the highest degree sinister. That is where he comes within my purview. You have heard me speak 
nce; but to know a man well were to know himself. Osr. I mean, sir, for his weapon; but in the imputation laid on him by them, in his meed he's unfellowed. Ham
ll: That, were I crown'd the most imperial monarch, Thereof most worthy, were I the fairest youth That ever made eye swerve, had force and knowledge More than was ever man's, I wo
 to, then; we'll use this unwholesome humidity, this gross wat'ry pumpion; we'll teach him to know turtles from jays. E
. Lepidus flatters both, Of both is flatter'd; but he neither loves, Nor either cares for him. MENAS. Caesar and
ace Enter MENENIUS and SICINIUS MENENIUS. See you yond coign o' th' Capitol, yond cornerstone? SICINIUS. Why, what of that? MENE
at quick, questioning glance with which she had just surveyed us. "What impression has my evidence made upon you?" The question might as well
ld know what he had. I have no doubt that he has twenty banking accounts; the bulk of his fortune abroad in the Deutsche Bank or the Credit Lyon
rologue to their play; For thousands more that yet suspect no peril Will not conclude their plotted tragedy. Beaufort's red sparkling eyes blab his heart's malice, And Suffolk's cloudy br
at I shall vent to my lady. Shall I vent to her that thou art coming? SEBASTIAN. I prithee, foolish Greek, depart from me; There's money for thee; if you ta
Behold the wounds, the most unnatural wounds, Which thou thyself hast given her woeful breast. O, turn thy edged sword another way; Strike those that hurt, and hurt not
scourse, That I am ready to distrust mine eyes And wrangle with my reason, that persuades me To any other trust but that I am mad, Or else the lady's mad; yet if 'twere so, She could not swa
the mystery of the sobs in the night, of the tear-stained face of Mrs. Barrymore, of the secret journey of the butler to the western lattice window. Congra
e the Duke. BOTTOM. Peter Quince! QUINCE. What sayest thou, bully Bottom? BOTTOM. There are things in this comedy
e] Sir Hugh is there, is he? HOST. [Aside] He is there. See what humour he is in; and I will bring the docto
hich we had not yet grasped and which might lead us through the tangle. Cheer up, Watson, for I am very sure that our material has not yet all come to hand. When
 of pasting printed words upon it. It ran: As you value your life or your reason keep away from the moor. The word "moor" only was printed in ink. "Now," said Sir Henry B
ve, I think that there can be little doubt that the individual must be brought into frequent contact with burning tallow--walks upstairs at night probably with his hat in one hand and a gutteri
t well what they are; but precise villains they are, that I am sure of, and void of all profanation in the world that good Christians ought to have. ESCALUS. This comes of
. ARTHUR. O, save me, Hubert, save me! My eyes are out Even with the fierce looks of these bloody men. HUBERT. Give me the iron, I say, and bind him here. A
e not, since on the one side she would leave a track on the path, and on the other an even clearer one on the soft bed?" "Yes, sir, she must have been a cool hand." I saw an intent look pass over Ho
 better come with me," said Holmes to the two detectives. "I can drive you," said Lestrade. "Good! and Gregson can come inside with me. You too, Doctor, you ha
OVICO. Is this the noble Moor whom our full Senate Call all in all sufficient? This the nature Whom passion could not shake? whose
ances had given her fifty pounds as a wedding-present. Like me, Marie viewed with deep distrust the stranger who had driven her mistress from Lausanne. Wi
between them ANTONY. The world and my great office will sometimes Divide me from your bosom. OCTAVIA. All which time Before the gods my knee shall bow my prayers To them for you. ANTONY. Good 
our wife and brother Made wars upon me, and their contestation Was theme for you; you were the word of war. ANTONY. You do mistake your business; my brother never Did urge me in his act. I d
rd Thou wilt perform my bidding. ANTIGONUS. I will, my lord. LEONTES. Mark, and perform it- seest thou? For the fail Of any point in
 he sends me security. Well, he may sleep in security; for he hath the horn of abundance, and the lightness of his wife shines throug
rble he will squeeze and squeeze until he has drained them dry. The fellow is a genius in his way, and would have made his mark in some more savoury trad
onic fashion that he feared the road was narrow, and that he hoped his carriage did not impede the passage of my bicycle. Nothin
? how? SECOND LORD. I pray you, upon what? TIMON. My worthy friends, will you draw near? THIRD LORD. I'll tel
lazily shifted their weight from one leg to the other as our voices disturbed their slumbers. Toby proved to an ugly, long-haired, lop-eared creatu
is perform'd. CAESAR. Set on, and leave no ceremony out. Flourish. SOOTHSAYER. Caesar! CAESAR. Ha! Who calls? CASCA. Bid every noise 
ancy over her and had eventually persuaded her to fly with him. Her friends, shocked at the event, had contented themselves with informing her brother at Athens, and had then was
Centaur, with the gold you gave me. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Villain, thou didst deny the gold's receipt, And told'st me of a mistress and a dinner; For 
 is middle-aged, that his hair is grizzled, that it has been recently cut, and that he uses lime-cream, a
ween the brown of the heath and the budding green of the woods. Far away, a black dot, we could see 
erited, either in my mind or in my means, meed, I am sure, I have received none, unless experience be 
o such fancies, and I am his agent. But facts are facts, and I have twice heard this crying upon the moor. Suppose that there were really some huge hound loose upon it; that would go far to explain
ust only be of Benedick. When I do name him, let it be thy part To praise him more than ever man did merit. My talk to thee must be how Benedick Is sick in love with Beatrice. Of this matter Is 
to publish Our daughters' several dowers, that future strife May be prevented now. The princes, France and Burgundy, Great rivals in our youngest daughter's love, Long in our court have mad
n a trap. "Oh, it won't do--really it won't," said Holmes suavely. "There is no possible getting out of it, Mr. Windibank. It is quite too transparent, 
e learned men, she was divorc'd, And the late marriage made of none effect; Since which she was removed to Kimbolton, Where she remains now sick. SECOND GENTLEMAN. Alas, good la
te beard, a decreasing leg, an increasing belly? Is not your voice broken, your wind short, your chin double, your wit single, and every part 
ith photographs of the celebrities and beauties of the day. Holmes's eyes fixed themselves upon one of them, and following his gaze I saw the picture of a regal and stately l
; do, do. Enter ACHILLES and PATROCLUS ACHILLES. Why, how now, Ajax! Wherefore do you thus? How now, Thersite
y think you so? HELENA. You go so much backward when you fight. PAROLLES. That's for advantage. HELENA. So is running away, when fear proposes the safety: but the composition that your 
ing. My Lord of Hereford here, whom you call king, Is a foul traitor to proud Hereford's king; And if you crown h
 HORTENSIO. [To LUCENTIO] You may go walk and give me leave awhile; My lessons make no music in three Parts. LUCENTIO. Are you so formal, sir? Well, I must wait, [
ks in war. This service is not service so being done, But being so allow'd. To apprehend thus Draws us a profit fro
S. What said he when he came unto himself? CASCA. Marry, before he fell down, when he perceived the common herd was glad he refused the crown, he plucked me ope his doublet and offe
determined to end the matter once and forever. I saw my wife and the maid hurrying back along the lane, but I di
ide] Still on my daughter. Ham. Am I not i' th' right, old Jephthah? Pol. If you call me Jephthah, my lord, I have a daughter that I love passing well. Ham. Nay, that follows n
 set it down and rest you; when this burns, 'Twill weep for having wearied you. My father Is hard at study; pray, now, rest yourself; He's safe for these three hours. FERDINAND. O most dear mistress
poleon the First that he would break any image of him that he could see." Holmes sank back in his chair. "That's no business of mine," said he. "Exactly. That's wha
est know'st What torment I did find thee in; thy groans Did make wolves howl, and penetrate the breasts Of ever-angry bears; it was a torment To lay upon the damn'd, which Sycorax Could not agai
w?' I cried, locking the door, and shaking the key in his face. 'Punishment has been slow in coming, but it has overtaken you at last.' I saw his coward lips tr
Von Kramm." "Then I shall drop you a line to let you know how we progress." "Pray do so. I shall be all anxiety." "Then, as to money?" "You have carte blanch
earted employers, and the three noble avengers had hurried off into the mountains where unbroken nature comes down to the very edge of the furnaces and the slag heaps. Here
 if you will only take it off mine." "I'll do that. You can stand right back and let me run it. Even your name need not be mentioned. I'll take it all on myself, as if it were to me
ou, I do not know that there is any reason that the details should find their way into the papers. Inspector Bradstreet would, I am sure, make notes upon anything which you might tell us a
 was endeavouring to make out his losses or winnings at cards. A minute examination of the circumstances served only to make the case more complex. In the fi
so belike is that. CLOWN. But it is your carbonado'd face. LAFEU. Let us go see your son, I pray you; I long to talk with the young noble soldier. CLOWN. Faith, there's a dozen of 'em, with delicate
rder,--three of us because we had held the gate that night, and the fourth because he was known to have been in the company of the
 father's body] O, let the vile world end And the premised flames of the last day Knit earth and heaven together! Now let the gene
f. ALL. Most true, the will! Let's stay and hear the will. ANTONY. Here is the will, and under Caesar's seal. To every Roman citizen he gives, To every
s. Yet stand close. Bora. Therefore know I have earned of Don John a thousand ducats. Con. Is it possible that any villany should be so dear? Bora. Thou shouldst rather ask if
and WARWICK, to the CARDINAL in bed KING HENRY. How fares my lord? Speak, Beaufort, to thy sovereign. CARDINAL. If thou be'st Death I'll give thee England's treasure, Enough to purchase such ano
e in our hearts for all the dark things that surrounded us. "What a strange place!" she said, looking round. "It looks as though all the moles in England had been let loose in it. I have seen some
u come to marry her. Friar. Lady, you come hither to be married to this count? Hero. I do. Friar. If either of you know any inward impediment w
h all my heart, kind Master Bardolph. [To the PAGE] And welcome, my tall fellow. Come, Sir John. FALSTAFF. I'll follow you, good Master Robert Sha
and directly too, Thou hast contrived against the very life Of the defendant; and thou hast incurr'd The danger formerly by me rehears'd. Down, therefore, 
et it stamp wrinkles in her brow of youth, With cadent tears fret channels in her cheeks, Turn all her mother's pains and benefits To laughter and contempt, that she may feel How sharper
 Herself hath taught her love himself to write unto her lover.' All this I speak in print, for in print I found it. Why muse you, sir? 'Tis dinner time. VALENT
s than five, I think that there can be little doubt that the individual must be brought into frequent contact with burning tallow--walks upstairs at night probably w
eturn again, Just to the time, not with the time exchanged, So that my self bring water for my stain, Never believe though in my nature reigned, All frailties that besiege all kin
or of the state-room, and their muskets seemed not to be loaded, for they never fired upon us, and they were shot while trying t
surge forward of some of the miners, and an inarticulate cry of pity and of anger; but a couple of the strangers emptied their six-shooters over the heads o
sio. How now, Cassio! CASSIO. What's the matter? IAGO. My lord is fall'n into an epilepsy. This is his second fit; he had one yesterday. CASSIO. Rub him about the temples. IAGO. No
rt of the field Enter FLUELLEN and GOWER FLUELLEN. Kill the poys and the luggage! 'Tis expressly against the law of arms; 'tis as arrant a piece of knavery, mark you now, as can be offert;
all but the BASTARD A foot of honour better than I was; But many a many foot of land the worse. Well, now can I make any Joan a lady. 'Good den, Sir Richard!'-'God-a-mercy, fell
it is much that a lie with a slight oath, and a jest with a sad brow will do with a fellow that never had the ache in his shoul
 pray you fall to; if you can mock a leek, you can eat a leek. GOWER. Enough, Captain, you have astonish'
ner of the ceiling. Round his brow he had a peculiar yellow band, with brownish speckles, which seemed to be bound tightly round his head. As we entered he made neither sound nor motion
ossess'd with rumours, full of idle dreams. Not knowing what they fear, but full of fear; And here's a prophet that
s the court-word for a pheasant; say you have none. SHEPHERD. None, sir; I have no pheasant, cock nor hen. AUTOLYCUS. How blessed are we that are not simple men! Yet nature might
 been his liar, as you say you have, I am one that, telling true under him, must say you cannot pass. Therefore go back. MENENIUS. Has he din'd, canst thou tell
" "I think it unlikely that he waited at the moor-gate every evening. On the contrary, the evidence is that he avoided th
en he fell. This shows that he was not attacked the instant that he entered the room. When Mr. Barker arrived the candle was lit and the lamp was out." "That's all 
e every hope, however, that your horse will start upon Tuesday, and I beg that you will have your jockey in readiness. Might I ask for a
n sending in our cards we were shown into an elegantly appointed drawing-room, where we were joined in a few minutes by a rather stout man who received us with mu
ies and moths the formation of which had been the relaxation of this complex and dangerous man. In the centre of this room there was an upright beam, which 
l see about that," said Hopkins. "First of all, what is your name?" "It is John Hopley Neligan." I saw Holmes and Hopkins e
. OLIVIA'S garden Enter SIR TOBY, SIR ANDREW, and FABIAN SIR TOBY. Come thy ways, Signior Fabian. FABIAN. Nay, I'll come; if I lose a scruple of this sport let me be boil'd to death
! Send one presently to Sir Toby. OLIVIA. What's the matter? AGUECHEEK. Has broke my head across, and has given Sir Toby a bloody coxcomb too. For the love of God, your help! I
hould you not wish your brother to overhear what you said? There is nothing to which he, or anyone else, could object." "My brother is very anxious to have the Hall inhabited, for he thinks
ds me pain. 142 Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate, Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving, O but with mine, compare thou thine own state, And th
n one poor man, Pompion the Great, sir. BEROWNE. Art thou one of the Worthies? COSTARD. It pleased them to think me worthy of Pompey the Grea
a pottle of sack finely. BARDOLPH. With eggs, sir? FALSTAFF. Simple of itself; I'll no pullet-sperm in my brewage. [Exit BARDOLPH
 sir, I thank you. Enter ISABELLA ISABELLA. My business is a word or two with Claudio. PROVOST. And very welcome. Look, signior, here's your
on of pips, I do not see that it helps us much. I think myself that it is a page from some private diary. The writing is undoubtedly my uncle's." Holmes moved the lamp, and we both bent over 
without feeling, feeling without sight, Ears without hands or eyes, smelling sans all, Or but a sickly part of one true sense Could not so mope. O shame! where is thy blush? Rebellious hell
 poisoned the stable-boy, he was undoubtedly out in the storm, he was armed with a heavy stick, and his cravat was found in the dead man's hand. I really think
tion, up to the discovery of the body of the latter, as if I had seen them with my own eyes. I will give you a proof of my knowledge. Could you lay your ha
K DUKE OF BUCKINGHAM LORD CLIFFORD YOUNG CLIFFORD, his son EARL OF SALISBURY EARL OF WARWICK LORD SCALES LORD SAY SIR HUMPHREY STA
 and looking defiantly at Lestrade. "You hear! He gives me hopes." Lestrade shrugged his shoulders. "I am afraid that my colleague has been 
 Thou'rt a gentleman. [To SHALLOW following] Cavaleiro Justice, I say. Enter SHALLOW SHALLOW. I follow, mine host, I follow. Good even and twenty, 
stom. Yet my heart Throbs to know one thing: tell me, if your art Can tell so much, shall Banquo's issue ever Reign in this kingdom? ALL. Seek to know no more. MACBETH. I will be
 see." "Yes, from Horsham." "That clay and chalk mixture which I see upon your toe caps is quite distinctive." "I have come for advice." "That is easily got." "And hel
 her." "And what then?" "You must leave that to me. I have already arranged what is to occur. There is only one point on which I must insist. You must not interfere, come what may. You unders
TARD and HUBERT, severally HUBERT. Who's there? Speak, ho! speak quickly, or I shoot. BASTARD. A friend. What art thou? HUBERT. Of the part of England. B
 keep 'em waking: Pray sit between these ladies. SANDYS. By my faith, And thank your lordship. By your leave, sweet ladies. [Seats himself between ANNE BULLEN and another lady] If I chance
ose, sir; I spake but by a metaphor. CLOWN. Indeed, sir, if your metaphor stink, I will stop my nose; or again
debt. What to ourselves in passion we propose, The passion ending, doth the purpose lose. The violence of either grief or joy Thei
hy mercy and remorse, more strange Than is thy strange apparent cruelty; And where thou now exacts the penalty, Which is a pound of this poo
 we should seek after; for we know enough if we know we are the King's subjects. If his cause be wrong, our obedien
d eye-offending marks, I would not care, I then would be content; For then I should not love thee; no, nor thou Become thy grea
 this? NORTHUMBERLAND. Wars hath not wasted it, for warr'd he hath not, But basely yielded upon compromise That which his noble ancestors achiev'd wit
shments. That he could play pieces, and difficult pieces, I knew well, because at my request he has played me some of Mendelssohn's Lieder, and other favo
asts To entertain me as your steward still. TIMON. Had I a steward So true, so just, and now so comfortable? It almost turns my dangerous nature mild. Le
 Mr. Holmes, when I tell you that my place here has become difficult owing to the fact that my employer has proposed marriage to me. I am convinced that his feelings are 
French crowns, and to-morrow the King himself will be a clipper. Exeunt soldiers Upon the King! Let us our lives,
 thou or I, or both, must go with him. Tyb. Thou, wretched boy, that didst consort him here, Shalt with him hence. Rom. This shall determine
lo. MARIANA. Now I come to't, my lord: She that accuses him of fornication, In self-same manner doth accuse my husband; And charges him, my lord, with such a time
life of which he never spoke. He had emigrated to America when he was a very young man. He had prospered well, and Barker had first met him in Californi
prithee now, sweet son, as thou hast said My praises made thee first a soldier, so, To have my praise for this, perform a part Thou hast not done before. CORIOLANUS. Well, I must 
ou mayst say the king lies by a beggar, if a beggar dwell near him; or the church stands by thy tabor
 my uncle's fool, reading the challenge, subscrib'd for Cupid and challeng'd him at the burbolt. I pray you, how many hath he kill'd and eaten in these wars? But how many
ipe aptness to take all power from the people, and to pluck from them their tribunes for ever. This lies glowing,
olmes?" "I think that fortune is very kind to us." "You mean that the person will come again?" "It is very probable. He came ex
 given. It is perhaps as well that the facts should now come to light, for I have reasons to know that there are widespread rumours as to the death of Dr. Grimesby 
ht you in that sudden way. No, I must prepare you by showing you how we all stand to each other. In the first place, I must tell y
g much more valuable to us. It is the impression of a wooden stump. You see here on the sill is the boot-mark, a heavy boot with the broad metal heel, and beside it is the mark of the timber
O] Now, sir, come on; what was done to Elbow's wife, once more? POMPEY. Once?- sir. There was nothing done to her once. ELBOW. I beseech you, sir, ask him what this man did to my wife. POMPEY. I b
l derision? Is all the counsel that we two have shar'd, The sisters' vows, the hours that we have spe
nch. FIRST SENATOR. To unbuild the city, and to lay all flat. SICINIUS. What is the city but the people? PLEBEIANS. True, The people are the city. BRUTU
 me; but he would drop in from time to time to see that all was right with me. At two o'clock he bade me good-day, complimented me upon the amount that I had writt
se, And they expect it from me. ARIEL. Presently? PROSPERO. Ay, with a twink. ARIEL. Before you can say 'come' and 'go,' And breathe twice, and cry 'so, so,'
ossess cries out against it. It's wrong--it's all wrong--I'll swear that it's wrong. And yet the lady's story was complete, the maid
, Or your own honour to contain the ring, You would not then have parted with the ring. What man is there so 
p, you have got me one. My eyes, my lord, can look as swift as yours: You saw the mistress, I beheld the maid; You lov'd, I lov'd; for intermission No more pertains to me, my lord
itten by the savage. We understand that when the prison is brought before the magistrates a remand will be applied for by the police, and that great developments are hoped f
e reasoner should be used rather for the sifting of details than for the acquiring of fresh evidence. The tragedy has been so
 Deborah. PUCELLE. Christ's Mother helps me, else I were too weak. CHARLES. Whoe'er helps thee, 'tis thou that must help me. Impatiently I burn with thy d
 ACT V. Scene I. The street, near Leonato's house. Enter Leonato and his brother [ Antonio]. Ant. If you go on thus, you will kill yourself, And 'tis not wisdom thus to second grief Aga
en. It was easy to tell that they had been before the others, because in places their marks had been
Don Pedro is returned to seek you. Pedro. What secret hath held you here, that you followed not to Leonato's? Bene. I would your Grace would constrain me to tell. Pedro. I charge thee on thy
ely, they say. Ham. How strangely? Clown. Faith, e'en with losing his wits. Ham. Upon what ground? Clown. Why, here in Denmark. I have been sex
there commendations go with pity-they are virtues and traitors too. In her they are the better for their simpleness; she derives her honesty, and
of the youngest and keenest-eyed uttered an exclamation and pointed up at the rugged crag above them. From its summit there fluttered a little wisp of pink,
of the wood and close by the lake, Mr. McCarthy and his son, and that they appeared to be having a violent quarrel. She heard Mr. McCa
will turn to us. BLUNT. He hath no friends but what are friends for fear, Which in his dearest need will fly from him. RICHMOND. All for our vantage. Then in God's name march. True hope is swift
 well, I dare say that a couple of rabbits would account both for the blood and for the charred ashes. If ever you write an account, Watson, you can make rabbits serve your turn." THE ADVENTURE 
. By and by. She's dead. 'Tis like she comes to speak of Cassio's death. The noise was here. Ha! no more moving? Still as the grave. Shall she come in? were't good? I think she stirs again. No.
r night nor day no rest! It is but weakness To bear the matter thus- mere weakness. If The cause were not
th the print of a recent horror. "Have you got them? Have you found them?" she panted. "No, Mrs. Straker. But Mr. Holmes here has come from London to help
CENE I. Padua. A public place Enter LUCENTIO and his man TRANIO LUCENTIO. Tranio, since for the great desire I had To see fair
, yet die we must. Enter OXFORD and SOMERSET SOMERSET. Ah, Warwick, Warwick! wert thou as we are, We might recover all our loss again. T
ne of love. A second time I kill my husband dead When second husband kisses me in bed. King. I do believe y
 perhaps you would kindly attend to my thumb, or rather to the place where my thumb used to be." He unwound the handkerc
this terror from my heart'; Meaning the King at Pomfret. Come, let's go. I am the King's friend, and will rid his foe. Exeunt SCENE 5. Pomfret Castle. The dungeon of the Castle Enter KING RICHAR
ed the King and undone me. I have wedded her, not bedded her; and sworn to make the "not" eternal. You shall hear I am run away; know it before 
ctors, breast to breast, Yet neither conqueror nor conquered. So is the equal poise of this fell war. Here on this molehill will I sit me
ornwall, Regan, Gloucester, Servants. Lear. Good morrow to you both. Corn. Hail to your Grace! Kent here set at liberty. Reg. I am glad to see your Highness. Lear. 
o, his house Is empty on the back of Montague, And it missheathed in my daughter's bosom! Wife. O me! this sight of death is as a bell That warns my old age to a sepulchre. Enter Montague [a
terers; But when I tell him he hates flatterers, He says he does, being then most flattered. Let me work; For I can give his humor t
know what has happened." As he spoke he drew the dog-whip swiftly from the dead man's lap, and throwing the noose round the reptile's neck he drew it
y sensual feast with thee alone: But my five wits, nor my five senses can Dissuade one foolish heart from serving thee, Who leaves unswayed the likenes
s, and went between us very oft. IAGO. Indeed! OTHELLO. Indeed? ay, indeed. Discern'st thou aught in that? Is he not hones
ces A flourish. Cornets. Enter TULLUS AUFIDIUS bloody, with two or three soldiers AUFIDIUS. The town is ta'en. FIRST SOLDIER. 'Twill be deliver'd back on good co
hould think of shallows and of flats, And see my wealthy Andrew dock'd in sand, Vailing her high top lower than her ribs To kiss her burial. Should I go to church And see the holy edific
ves. Exeunt Macbeth and Lennox. Awake, awake! Ring the alarum bell. Murther and treason! Banquo and Donalbain! Malcolm, awake! Shake off this downy sleep, dea
e's gracious governor! LUCIUS. Thanks, gentle Romans! May I govern so To heal Rome's harms and wipe away her woe! But, gentle people, give me
DES. My heart is ever at your service, my lord. TIMON. You had rather be at a breakfast of enemies than dinner of friends. ALCIBIADES. So they were bleeding new, my lord, there's no m
 earth. Now no discourse, except it be of love; Now can I break my fast, dine, sup, and sleep, Upon the very naked name of love. PROTEUS. Enough; I read your
not only friend Thaddeus, but the gatekeeper, the housekeeper, and the Indian servant. We have the place to ourselves, but f
r-signs could he pass through the outer guard and inner guard who close-tiled it. A buzz of pleasure and welcome greeted him as he 
n come from Venice to depute Cassio in Othello's place. RODERIGO. Is that true? Why then Othello and Desdemona return again to Venice. IAGO. O, no; he goe
ands, Till thou canst quit thee by thy brother's mouth Of what we think against thee. OLIVER. O that your Highness knew my heart in this! I never lov'd my brother in my life.
ave been a mountain of mummy. Re-enter BARDOLPH, with sack BARDOLPH. Here's Mistress Quickly, sir, to speak with you FALSTAFF. Come, let me pour in some sack to the Thames water
 indeed, so moist was the ground, that I could plainly see the traces which had been left by the fall of the stricken man. To Holmes, as I could see by his eager face and peering eyes, very ma
>> ACT IV. SCENE I. The park Enter the PRINCESS, ROSALINE, MARIA, KATHARINE, BOYET, LORDS, ATTENDANTS, and a FORESTER PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Was that the King that spurr'd his horse 
 how now, Charmian! My noble girls! Ah, women, women, look, Our lamp is spent, it's out! Good sirs, take heart. We'll bury him; 
 have a thousand crowns for his reward. Exeunt some of them Follow me, soldiers; we'll devise a mean To reconcile you all unto the King. Exeunt SCENE IX. Killing, worth Castle Sound trumpets.
y, go along with me. GLOUCESTER. Bid me farewell. ANNE. 'Tis more than you deserve; But since you teach me how to flatter you, Imagine I have said farewell already. Exeunt two GENTLEMEN Wit
, Mr. Jefferson Hope, have you anything that you wish to say? I must warn you that your words will be taken down, and may be used against you." "I've got a good deal to say," our prisoner said
od state With all true faith. So says my master Antony. BRUTUS. Thy master is a wise and valiant Roman; I never thought him worse. T
d trimly dress'd, Fresh as a bridegroom; and his chin new reap'd Show'd like a stubble land at harvest home. He was perfumed like a milliner, And 'twixt his finger and his thumb he held A 
ought control your times of pleasure, Or at your hand th' account of hours to crave, Being your vassal bound to stay your leisure. O let me suffer (being at your beck) Th' imprisone
y homicide. HERBERT. I doubt not but his friends will turn to us. BLUNT. He hath no friends but what are friends for fear, Which in his dearest need will fly from him. RI
mids built up with newer might To me are nothing novel, nothing strange, They are but dressings Of a former sight: Our dates 
at he were gone! Enter OBERON at one door, with his TRAIN, and TITANIA, at another, with hers OBERON. Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania. TITANIA. What, jealous Oberon! Fairies
aesar too? A parley, sirrah, to George of Clarence. [Sound a parley. RICHARD and CLARENCE whisper] WARWICK. Come, Clarence, come. Tho
k, And take her hence in horror. MARIANA. Isabel, Sweet Isabel, do yet but kneel by me; Hold up your hands, say nothing; I'll speak all. They say best men moulded out of faults; And, for the most, 
 lay, my lord, For certain words he spake against your Grace In your retirement, I had swing'd him soundly. DUKE. Words against me? This's a good 
dness if You do it her. And so, Sir John, farewell. DUCHESS. What, gone, my lord, and bid me not farewell! GLOU
 of us has a single honour, in giving him our own voices with our own tongues; therefore follow me, and I'll direct you how you shall go by him. ALL. Content, content. Exeunt cit
n, of course, his complete mourning shows that he has lost some one very dear. The fact that he is doing his own shopping looks as thou
blems Laid nobly on her; which perform'd, the choir, With all the choicest music of the kingdom, Together sung 'Te Deum.' So she parted, And with the same full state pac'd back again To York Place
 as a scolding quean to a wrangling knave, as the nun's lip to the friar's mouth; nay, as the pudding to his skin. COUNTESS. Have you, I, say, an answer of such fitness for all questions? CLO
sio. TRANIO. Softly, my masters! If you be gentlemen, Do me this right- hear me with patience. Baptista is a noble gentleman, To whom my father is not al
Like Valor's minion carved out his passage Till he faced the slave, Which ne'er shook hands, nor bade farewell to him, Till he unseam'd him from the nave to the chaps, 
MAN. Well, there went but a pair of shears between us. LUCIO. I grant; as there may between the lists and the velvet. Thou 
what it might have been. One could but say that it was black and leathery and that it bore some resemblance to a dwarfish, human figure. At first, a
ell, well, he will be here, I dare say, by the time I have looked through the times, and then we shall know all about it. Even the most insignificant probl
adam, I do not." "You think that he is dead?" "I do." "Murdered?" "I don't say that. Perhaps." "And on what day did he meet his dea
rlando, for my husband. There's a girl goes before the priest; and, certainly, a woman's thought runs before her actions. ORLANDO. So do all thoug
poor in that you two have not in abundance? BRUTUS. He's poor in no one fault, but stor'd with all. SICINIUS. Especially in pride. BRUTUS. And topping all others in boa
2 Another part of the island Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO STEPHANO. Tell not me-when the bu
rly, and Holmes waited in his dressing-gown for the promised interview. Our clients were punctual to their appointment, for the clock had just struck ten when Dr. Mortimer was shown up, follow
orld." Holmes chuckled and rubbed his hands. "Great!" he said. "Great! Tell me, Friend MacDonald, this pleasing and touching interview was, I suppose, in 
him and slowed her pace. He slowed also. She stopped. He at once stopped too, keeping two hundred yards behind her. Her next movement was as unexpected as it was spirited. She suddenly whisk
Knowledge of Literature.--Nil. 2. Philosophy.--Nil. 3. Astronomy.--Nil. 4. Politics.--Feeble. 5. Botany.--Variable. Well up in belladonna, opiu
ays--that is to say, on Monday next--matters will be ripe, and the Professor, with all the principal members of his gang, will be in the hands of the police. Then will come the greatest cri
nocking heard.] [Exeunt Hostess, Francis, and Bardolph.] Enter Bardolph, running. Bard. O, my lord, my lord! the sheriff with a most monstrous watch is at the door. Fal. Out, ye rogue! Play out 
 not kill a fly. But come, now I will be your Rosalind in a more coming-on disposition; and ask me what you will, I will grant it. ORLANDO. Then love me, Rosalind. ROSAL
ung hunter from Nevada. Twenty had changed to fifteen and fifteen to ten, but there was no news of the absentee. One by one the numbers dwindled down, and still th
 with them all. DICK. I have a suit unto your lordship. CADE. Be it a lordship, thou shalt have it for that word. DICK. Only that the laws of England may come
elt in showers. Thy grandsire lov'd thee well; Many a time he danc'd thee on his knee, Sung thee asleep, his loving breast thy pillow; Many a story hath he told to
of good sort are taken, uncle? EXETER. Charles Duke of Orleans, nephew to the King; John Duke of Bourbon, and Lord Bouciqualt; Of other lords and barons, knigh
s thou shouldst fill With sorrowful water? Now I see, I see, In Fulvia's death how mine receiv'd shall be. ANTONY. Quarrel no more, but be prepa
ne for fear of the storm. And art thou living, Stephano? O Stephano, two Neapolitans scap'd! STEPHANO. Prithee, do not turn me about; my stomach is not constant. CALIBAN. [Aside] These be fine t
ch of which was more impossible than the last. Why had Holmes remained at Woking? Why had he asked Miss Harrison to rem
idst thou, Alonso, use me and my daughter; Thy brother was a furtherer in the act. Thou art pinch'd for't now, Sebastian. Flesh and blood, You, brother mi
 read the details of them. There one may learn of the shooting of Policemen Hunt and Evans because they had ventured to arrest two members of the society--a double outrage planned
play'd doth fall that very hour. VIOLA. And so they are; alas, that they are so! To die, even when they to perfection grow! Re-enter CURIO and CLOWN DUKE. O, fellow, come, the s
d the house to see that all was secure--a duty which I usually leave to Mary but which I thought it well to perform myself that night. As I came down the stairs I saw Mary herself at the side window
at him and slowed her pace. He slowed also. She stopped. He at once stopped too, keeping two hundred yards behind her. Her next movement was as
 doubt. You twain, of all the rest, Are near to Warwick by blood and by alliance. Tell me if you love Warwick more than me? If it 
not answer that, But say it is my humour- is it answer'd? What if my house be troubled with a rat, And I be pleas'd to give ten thousand ducats To have it ban'd? What, are you answer'd yet? So
 chests, of gold, silver, and lead- whereof who chooses his meaning chooses you- will no doubt never be chosen by any rightly but one who you
ted father in all his undertakings. The keen air of the mountains and the balsamic odour of the pine trees took the place of nurse and mother to the young girl. A
 other blackmailed and terror-stricken companies of the district, but also over a distant triumph which had been wrought by the hands of the lodge itself. It would appear that when the C
 ACT V. SCENE 5. Another part of the plain Enter DIOMEDES and A SERVANT DIOMEDES. Go, go, my servant, take thou Troilus' horse; Present the fair steed to m
E. Go to, sir; tell me, do you know Madam Silvia? SPEED. She that your worship loves? VALENTINE. Why, how know you that I am in love? SPEED. Marry, by t
ld have thought those larger windows of the drawing-room and dining-room would have had more attractions for him." "They are more vi
limits, you see, to our friend's intelligence. It would have been a coup-de-maître had he deduced what I would deduce and acted accordingly." "And what would he have done had he overtaken u
 Duke of Britaine, the elder brother of King John EARL OF PEMBROKE EARL OF ESSEX EARL OF SALISBURY LORD BIGOT HUBERT DE BURGH ROBERT FAULCONBRIDGE, son
he that makes me sin, awards me pain. 142 Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate, Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving, O but with mine, compare thou thine own 
here are they all, Maggie?' I cried. "'Gone to the dealer's, Jem.' "'Which dealer's?' "'Breckinridge, of Covent Garden.' "'But was there another with a barred tail?' I asked, 'the same as th
ct of purposes mistook Is to mistake again; though indirect, Yet indirection thereby grows direct, And falsehood cures, as fire cools fire 
shalt thou be by this my sword. FRENCH SOLDIER. O, je vous supplie, pour l'amour de Dieu, me pardonner! Je suis gentilhomme de bonne maison. Gardez ma vie, et je vous donnerai deux cents ecus. PIS
 Since lowly feigning was call'd compliment. Y'are servant to the Count Orsino, youth. VIOLA. And he is yours, and his must needs be yours: Your servant's servant is yo
I? ACHILLES. There's for you, Patroclus. THERSITES. I will see you hang'd like clotpoles ere I come any more to your tents. I will keep where there 
gold, I'll be his steward still. Exit SCENE III. The woods near the sea-shore. Before TIMON'S cave Enter TIMON in the woods TIMON. O blessed b
er Morris." "And who bought the ironworks of Manson and of Shuman and of Van Deher and of Atwood, which have all been given up of late?" "T
say no more. It is so dreadful to think of our dear Arthur in a prison!" "I shall never let it drop until the gems are found--never, Mary! Your affection for Arthur blinds you as to the awful consequ
o did we all. But come, let's home. Exeunt citizens BRUTUS. I do not like this news. SICINIUS. Nor I. BRUTUS. Let's to the Capitol. Would half my wealth Would buy this for a lie! SICIN
ny undertakeing. There is scarce truth enough alive to make societies secure; but security enough to make fellowships accurst. Much upon this riddle runs the wisdom of the world. This new
to the dainty Aurora. Jones turned our search-light upon her, so that we could plainly see the figures upon her deck. One man sat by the stern, with something black between hi
from the King's secretary; The other, London. SECOND GENTLEMAN. He of Winchester Is held no great good lover of the Archbishop's, The virtuous Cranmer. THIRD GENTLEM
o late!" For half an hour it seemed that we were. What with actual suffocation, and what with the poisonous fumes
task that he had evidently forgotten my presence. Sometimes he was making progress and whistled and sang at his work; sometimes 
's low, and mine's as high. What should it be that he respects in her But I can make respective in myself, If this fond Love were not a blinded god? Come, shadow, come, and take this sh
t struggle, I will stand stone-still. For heaven sake, Hubert, let me not be bound! Nay, hear me, Hubert! 
s for photography, and his trick of vanishing into the cellar. The cellar! There was the end of this tangled clue. Then I made inquiries as to this mysterious assis
ke a jury of countrymen believe so fantastic a story? I might or I might not. But I could not afford to fail. My soul crie
 his master will be here to-night. PORTIA. If I could bid the fifth welcome with so good heart as I can bid the other four farewell, I should be glad of his approach; if
GLISH LORDS BURGUNDY. God save your Majesty! My royal cousin, Teach you our princess English? KING HENRY. I would have her learn, my fair cousin, how perfectly I love he
awer? Come, what's the issue? Prince. I am now of all humours that have showed themselves humours since the old days of goodman Adam to the pupil age of this present this twe
ame; and of all other men But five and twenty. O God, thy arm was here! And not to us, but to thy arm alone, 
ck. SECOND GENTLEMAN. Alas, good lady! [Trumpets] The trumpets sound. Stand close, the Queen is coming. [Hautboys] THE ORDER OF THE CORONATION. 1. A lively flourish of trumpets. 2. Then two
 a rising business, Escott by name. I have walked out with her each evening, and I have talked with her. Good heavens, tho
est attention. What's thy name? IMOGEN. Fidele, sir. CYMBELINE. Thou'rt my good youth, my page; I'll be thy master. Walk with me; speak freely. [CYMBELINE and IMOGEN converse apart] BELAR
ews at the back of the hotel. He noticed that a ladder, which usually lay there, was raised against one of the windows of the second floor, which was wide open. After passing, he looked back and saw
ou tell me that we have to sit down under this? Do you say that no one can ever get level with this king-devil?" "No, I don't say that," said Holmes, and his eyes seemed to be looking far into t
ch legacy Unto their issue. FOURTH CITIZEN. We'll hear the will. Read it, Mark Antony. ALL. The will, the will! We will hear Caesar's will. ANTONY. Have patience, gentle friends, I mu
him! Ham. 'Swounds, show me what thou't do. Woo't weep? woo't fight? woo't fast? woo't tear thyself? Woo't drink up esill? eat a crocodile? I'll do't. Dost tho
d of my own sad bereavement, and his sympathy was shown in his manner rather than in his words. "Work is the best antidote to sorrow, my dear Watson," said he, "and I have a piec
 man himself, by all that's wonderful and audacious! Not a word to show your suspicions--not a word, or my plans crumble to the grou
 know the military neatness which characterises you. You shave every morning, and in this season you shave by the
 see you by and by. [Sits down] Enter CLEOPATRA, led by CHARMIAN and IRAS, EROS following EROS. Nay, gentle madam, to him! Comfort him. IRAS. Do, most dear Queen. CHARMIAN. Do? Why, wha
services are, as you are, against 'em. Know you me yet? VOLSCE. Nicanor? No! ROMAN. The same, sir. VOLSCE. YOU had more beard when I last saw yo
 of land; And then he runs straight and even. Hot. I'll have it so. A little charge will do it. Glend. I will not have it alt'red. Hot. Will not you? Glend. No, nor you
e, Whom Fortune with her ivory hand wafts to her; Whose present grace to present slaves and servants Translates his rivals. PAINTER. 'Tis conceiv'd to scope. This throne, this Fortune, and t
 were some chapters in his life of which he never spoke. He had emigrated to America when he was a very young man. He had prospe
and your fair princess- For so, I see, she must be- fore Leontes. She shall be habited as it becomes The partner of your bed. Methinks I see Leontes opening his free 
d Iris, rounds thine eye? Why, that you are my daughter? HELENA. That I am not. COUNTESS. I say I am your mother. HELENA. Pardon, madam. The Count Rousillon cannot 
not change a raven for a dove? The will of man is by his reason sway'd, And reason says you are the worthier maid. Things growing
myself form'd in her eye; Which, being but the shadow of your son, Becomes a sun, and makes your son a
manners if I caught him at it! But see here, little girl. I can't leave here. I can't--take that from me once and f
e to approve her. If I lose thee, my loss is my love's gain, And losing her, my friend hath found that loss, Both find each other, and I lose both twain, And both for my sake la
heaviness And entertain a cheerful disposition. QUEEN. To please the King, I did; to please myself I cannot do it; yet I know no cause Why I should welcome s
IUS TITUS. Follow, my lord, and I'll soon bring her back. MUTIUS. My lord, you pass not here. TITUS. What, villain boy! Bar'st me my way in Rome? MUTIUS. Help, Lucius, help! TIT
UCHIO. I hope better. HORTENSIO. Sirrah Biondello, go and entreat my wife To come to me forthwith. Exit BIONDELLO PETRUCHIO. O, ho! entreat her! Nay, then she mu
 "Was he a politician? Had this secret society to do with politics?" "No, he cared nothing about politics." "You have no reason to think
 You leave him in this den for three days." "Under solemn promises--" "What are promises to such people as these? You have no gua
panted,--'your protection for the unhappy merchant Achmet. I have travelled across Rajpootana that I might seek the shelter of the fort at Agra. I have 
ive, thoughts, down to my soul. Here Clarence comes. Enter CLARENCE, guarded, and BRAKENBURY Brother, good day. What means this armed guard That waits upon your Grace? CLARENCE. His M
 they fight; RICHARD is slain. Retreat and flourish. Enter RICHMOND, DERBY bearing the crown, with other LORDS RICHMOND. God and your arms be prais'd, victorious friends; The day is
, after all this fooling, I would not have it so. Art thou sure of this? MRS. OVERDONE. I am too sure of it; and it is for getting Madam Julietta with child. LUCIO. Believe me, this may
, if you live, good sir, awake. LYSANDER. [Waking] And run through fire I will for thy sweet sake. Transparent Helena! Nature shows art, That through thy bosom
art betwixt you. Kent. Royal Lear, Whom I have ever honour'd as my king, Lov'd as my father, as my master follow'd, As my great patron th
," he said. "Do you observe anything noteworthy about them?" "They belong," I said, "to a child or a small woman." "Apart from their size, though. Is there nothing else?" "They appear
 TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. Scene I. The street, near Leonato's house. Enter Leonato and his brother [ Antonio]. Ant. If you go on thus, you will kill yourself, And 'tis not w
. A plain near Actium Enter CAESAR, with his army, marching CAESAR. Taurus! TAURUS. My lord? CAESAR. Strike not by land; keep whole; provoke not battle Till we have done at sea. Do not exceed The
eng'd Cupid at the flight, and my uncle's fool, reading the challenge, subscrib'd for Cupid and challeng'd him at the burbolt. 
ning." "You traced him through the telegram, no doubt," said Holmes. "Exactly, Mr. Holmes. We picked up the scent at Charing Cross Post-Office and came on here." "But why do you
an one, so I deduced a blunt pen-knife." "Holmes," I said, "you have drawn a net round this man from which he cannot escape, and you have saved an innocent human life as truly as if you had cut the
ttend with patience. Enter the KING and BUTTS at window above BUTTS. I'll show your Grace the strangest sight- KING. What's that, Butts? BUTTS. I think your Highness saw this m
und of Caesar that should move The stones of Rome to rise and mutiny. ALL. We'll mutiny. FIRST CITIZEN. We'll burn the house of Brutus. THIRD CIT
 in my last place with Colonel Spence Munro.' "'Oh, tut, tut! sweating--rank sweating!' he cried, throwing his fat hands out into the air like a man who is in a
our mind had now turned to the Civil War, and when I observed that your lips set, your eyes sparkled, and your hands clenched I was positive that you were indeed thinking of the gallan
a deep story of a deeper love; For he was more than over shoes in love. VALENTINE. 'Tis true; for you are over boots in love, And 
were no less; but yet I'll make a pause. GLOUCESTER. [Aside to CLARENCE] Yea, is it so? I see the lady hath a thing to grant, Before the King will grant her humble suit. CLARENCE. [A
ur adversity, For wise men say it is the wisest course. SECOND KEEPER. Why linger we? let us lay hands upon him. FIRST KEEPER. Forbear awhile; we'll h
 commanded his ship. He was known in the trade as Black Peter, and the name was given him, not only on account of his swarthy features and the colour
every thing about you demonstrating a careless desolation. But you are no such man; you are rather point-device in your accoutrements, as loving 
 agitation, with a flush upon his sallow cheeks and a nervous clasping and unclasping of his long thin hands. "They must be cunning devils," he ex
er all, as by consent; They dropp'd, as by a thunder-stroke. What might, Worthy Sebastian? O, what might! No more! And yet methink
 under exactly similar circumstances. Again I changed my dress, again I sat in the window, and again I laughed very heartily 
pt secret. The probability was, therefore, that she was telling the truth, or, at least, a part of the trut
 say thou hast belied mine innocent child; Thy slander hath gone through and through her heart, And she lied buried with her ancestors- O, in a tomb where never scandal slept, Save this of
rom the body. SECOND CITIZEN. Room for Antony, most noble Antony. ANTONY. Nay, press not so upon me, stand far off. ALL. Stand back; room, bear back! ANTONY. If you have tears, pr
 thee. Remember who commended thy yellow stockings, and wish'd to see thee ever cross-garter'd. I say, remember, Go to, thou art made, if thou desir'st to be so; if not, let me see thee
s, and thyself bewray When false opinion, whose wrong thought defiles thee, In thy just proof repeals and reconciles thee. What will hap more to-night, safe scape the K
s distemper, and, forsooth, to search his house for his wife's love. FORD. What, while you were there? FALSTAFF. While I was there. FORD. And did he search for you, and could not find you
gn of self-reproach for duty neglected? We must leave that question to the future. Now we shall turn to the Cadogan Wests." A small but well-kept house in the outskirts of the town shelter
d sun, Even this ill night, your breathing shall expire, Paying the fine of rated treachery Even with a treacherous fine of al
ect of those who invented the system has apparently been to conceal that these characters convey a message, and to give the idea that they are the mere random sketches of children. "Ha
ative force." "And the ticket, too!" I cried. "Exactly. We could not explain the absence of a ticket. This would explain it. 
dly still. A vague feeling of uneasiness began to steal over me. Who were these German people, and what were they doing liv
erkins and aprons, and wait upon him at his table as drawers. PRINCE. From a god to a bull? A heavy descension! It was Jove's case. From a prince to a prenti
 MOTH. Most maculate thoughts, master, are mask'd under such colours. ARMADO. Define, define, well-educated infant. MOTH. My father's wit my mother's tongue assist me! ARMADO. Swe
ride upon our swords, Spur them to ruthful work, rein them from ruth! HECTOR. Fie, savage, fie! TROILUS. Hector, then 'tis wars. HECTOR. Troilus, I would not have you fight to-day. T
HENRY. God-a-mercy, old heart! thou speak'st cheerfully. Enter PISTOL PISTOL. Qui va la? KING HENRY. A friend. PISTOL. Discuss un
t thou not the Duke Hath banish'd me, his daughter? ROSALIND. That he hath not. CELIA. No, hath not? Rosalin
H by William Shakespeare DRAMATIS PERSONAE CHORUS KING HENRY THE FIFTH DUKE OF GLOUCESTER, brother to the King DUKE OF BEDFORD, " " " " DUKE OF EXETER, Uncle to the K
DUS. Good Enobarbus, 'tis a worthy deed, And shall become you well, to entreat your captain To soft and gentle speech. ENOBARBUS. I shall entreat him To answer like hims
cuse you boldly, More than, I fear, you are provided for. CRANMER. Ah, my good Lord of Winchester, I thank you; You are always my good friend; 
abber, the boatswain, and I, The gunner, and his mate, Lov'd Mall, Meg, and Marian, and Margery, But none of us car'd for Kate; For she had 
' th' sun So vanish'd; which foreshow'd our princely eagle, Th'imperial Caesar, Caesar, should again unite His favour with the radian
 shall be my hell. Sometimes I'll say I am Duke Humphrey's wife, And he a prince, and ruler of the land; Yet so he rul'd, and such a prince he was, As he stood by whilst I, his forlorn duc
 through under exactly similar circumstances. Again I changed my dress, again I sat in the window, and again I laughed very heartily at the funny stories of which my employer 
ombre thinker of the previous night. As I dressed I glanced at my watch. It was no wonder that no one was stirring. It was twenty-five minutes past four.
o more cakes and ale? CLOWN. Yes, by Saint Anne; and ginger shall be hot i' th' mouth too. SIR TOBY. Th' art i' th' right. Go, sir, rub your chain with crumbs. A stoup of wine, Maria! MALVOLIO. Mist
 her well: Beauty and honour in her are so mingled That they have caught the King; and who knows yet But from this lady may proceed a gem To lighten all this isle?-I'll to the King And say I s
od deal to do with our investigation. "Look at this map. This dark square is the Priory School. I'll put a pin in it. Now, this line is the main ro
. DOLL. Goodman death, goodman bones! HOSTESS. Thou atomy, thou! DOLL. Come, you thin thing! come, you rascal! FIRST BEADLE. Very well
t woman's command, and yet no hurt done! Though honesty be no puritan, yet it will do no hurt; it will wear the surplice of humility over the b
branded triangle inside a circle--upon Mr. Douglas's forearm?" "Frequently, sir." "You never heard any speculation as to what it meant?" "No, sir." "It must have caused great pain when it was infli
to their beat. The inspector and two men accompanied her back, and in spite of the continued resistance of the proprietor, they made their way to the room in which Mr
 the subtle trap, the clever forecast of coming events, the triumphant vindication of bold theories--are these not the pride and the justification o
fore I pray you. I'll see you by and by. [Sits down] Enter CLEOPATRA, led by CHARMIAN and IRAS, EROS following EROS. Nay, gentle madam, to him! Comfort him. IRAS. Do, most dear Queen. CHARMIAN.
f Warwick, Which are so weak of courage and in judgment That they'll take no offence at our abuse. KING EDWARD. Suppose they take offence without a cause; They are but Lewi
 on foot, In his own conduct, purposely to take His brother here, and put him to the sword; And to the skirts of this wild wood he came, Whe
wo actions; and 'a shall laugh without intervallums. O, it is much that a lie with a slight oath, and a jest with a sad brow will do with
 me with haste. [Exit Portia.] Lucius, who's that knocks? Re-enter Lucius with Ligarius. LUCIUS. Here is a sick man that would speak with you. BRUTUS. Caius Ligarius, that Me
 business appertaining. Exit SCENE 2 Another part of the island Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO STEPHANO. Tell not me-when the butt is out we will dr
oors, lonely and dun-colored, with an occasional church tower to mark the site of some old-world village. In every direction upon these moors there were traces of some vanished race which had pa
 threw the decanter at me. I heard him call my mistress a name, and I told him that he would not dare to speak so if her brother had been there. Then it was that he threw it at me. H
f crafty knaves. Well, so its stands; and thus, I fear, at last Hume's knavery will be the Duchess' wreck, And her attainture will be Humphrey's fall Sort how it will, I shall have gold for
ot fight; for God's sake, pity my case! The spite of man prevaileth against me. O Lord, have mercy upon me, I shall never be able to fight a blow! O Lord, my heart! GLOU
LUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE: Rousillon; Paris; Florence; Marseilles ACT I. SCENE 1. Rousillo
h seemed to be before me. Was it all to go for nothing? Why should I slink away without having carried out my commission, and without the payment 
-devil Why he hath thus ensnared my soul and body? IAGO. Demand me nothing; what you know, you know. From this time forth I ne
 had been plac'd About thy thoughts and counsels of thy heart! But fare thee well, most foul, most fair! Farewell, Thou pure impiety and impiou
 the fashion to choose me a husband. O me, the word 'choose'! I may neither choose who I would nor refuse who I dislike; so is the will of a living daughter 
 cannot Put on the gown, stand naked, and entreat them For my wounds' sake to give their suffrage. Please you That I may pass this doing. SICINIUS. Sir, the people Must have their voices;
ake it up, This mad-brain'd bridegroom took him such a cuff That down fell priest and book, and book and priest. 'Now take them up,' quoth he 'if any list.' TRANIO. What said th
is might, To make me tongue-tied speaking of your fame. But since your worth (wide as the ocean is) The humble as the proudest sail doth bear, My saucy bark (inferio
lady; Thither go these news as fast as horse can carry them- A sorry breakfast for my Lord Protector. BUCKINGHAM. Your Grace shall give me leave, my Lord of York, To be 
neighbouring languages, therefore we must every one be a man of his own fancy; not to know what we speak one to another, so we seem to know, is to know straight our purpose: choughs' lan
er in me as you, albeit I confess your coming before me is nearer to his reverence. OLIVER. What, boy! [Strikes him] ORLANDO. Come, come, elder brother, you are too young in this. OLIVER.
h thou art, thine eye Hath stay'd upon some favour that it loves; Hath it not, boy? VIOLA. A little, by your favour. DUKE. What kind of woman is't? VIOLA. Of your
h them should be to forswear thin potations and to addict themselves to sack. Enter BARDOLPH How now, Bardolph! BARDOLPH. The army is discharged all and g
her so. DEMETRIUS. If she cannot entreat, I can compel. LYSANDER. Thou canst compel no more than she entreat; Thy threats have no more str
he, then? If he was in the hospital and yet not on the staff he could only have been a house-surgeon or a house-physician--little
d a good deal in his time." "Was he a politician? Had this secret society to do with politics?" "No, he cared nothing about politics." "You have no reason to think it was cr
in-squire; but I will make you to-day a squire of low degree. I pray you fall to; if you can mock a leek, you can eat a leek. GOWER. 
e so boist'rous rough? I will not struggle, I will stand stone-still. For heaven sake, Hubert, let me not be bound! Nay, hear me, Hubert! Dri
 handkerchief up to my eyes, and was able with a little management to see all that there was behind me. I confess that I was disappointed. There was nothing. At least that
sing your meetings and appointments. CAIUS. Diable! Jack Rugby-mine Host de Jarteer-have I not stay for him to kill him? Have I not, at de place 
 hath more worthy interest to the state Than thou, the shadow of succession; For of no right, nor colour like to right, He doth fill fields with harne
tle Octavia, Let your best love draw to that point which seeks Best to preserve it. If I lose mine honour, I lose myself; better I were n
" "Oh, yes." "Here you are, doggy! Good old Toby! Smell it, Toby, smell it!" He pushed the creasote handkerchief under the dog's nose, while the creature stood with its fluffy legs
eavy! The fraud of men was ever so, Since summer first was leavy. Then sigh not so, &c. Pedro. By my troth, a good song. Balth. And an ill singer, my lord. Pedro. Ha, no
re ghastly turn. I fancy that, even as it is, Jonathan Small would give a good deal not to have employed him." "But how came he to have so singular a companion?" "Ah, that 
play the humble host. Our hostess keeps her state, but in best time We will require her welcome. LADY MACBETH. Pronounce it for me, sir, to all our friends, For my heart speaks they are welcome.
y sup together. You are welcome, sir, to Cyprus. Goats and monkeys! Exit. LODOVICO. Is this the noble Moor whom our full Senate Call all in all sufficient? This the nature Whom passion could not s
or is. The wound of peace is surety, Surety secure; but modest doubt is call'd The beacon of the wise, the tent that searches To th' bottom of the worst. Let Helen go. Since the first sword w
, Where none will sweat but for promotion, And having that do choke their service up Even with the having; it is not so with thee. But, poor old man, thou prun'st a rotten tree That 
a sea-change Into something rich and strange. Sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell: [Burden: Ding-dong.] Hark! now I hear them-Ding-dong bell. FERD
e. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_8 SCENE VIII. A plain near Actium Enter CAESAR, with his army, marching CAESAR. Taurus! TAURUS. My lord? CAESAR. Stri
 Ratcliff, look that it be done. The rest that love me, rise and follow me. Exeunt all but HASTINGS, LOVEL, and RATCLIFF HASTINGS. Woe, woe, for Engla
 that I love you not. BIANCA. But that you do not love me. I pray you, bring me on the way a little, And say if I shall see you soon at night. CASSIO. 'Tis but a little way that I can bring you, 
gh: The one part suffered, the other will I do. Re-enter three citizens more Here come moe voices. Your voices. For you
y my sword, Beatrice, thou lovest me. Beat. Do not swear, and eat it. Bene. I will swear by it that you love me, and I will make him eat it that says I love not you. Beat. Will you not eat your word
ing my hand. Could this be my stern, self-contained friend? These were hidden fires, indeed! "A beard! A beard! The man has a beard!" "A beard?" "It is not the ba
t. SILENCE. You were call'd 'lusty Shallow' then, cousin. SHALLOW. By the mass, I was call'd anything; and I would have done anything indeed too, and roundly too. There was
k to work." He rose and showed a double-radiating disc round the keyhole. "This outer one is for the letters, the inner one for the figures." "Well
say, 'tis meet we all go forth To view the sick and feeble parts of France; And let us do it with no show of fear- No, with no mor
on me, That cropp'd the golden prime of this sweet prince And made her widow to a woeful bed? On me, whose all not equals Edward's moiety? On me, that halts and am misshapen thus? My dukedom to a 
m, drive home, have some breakfast, and get an hour's sleep. It is quite on the cards that we may be afoot to-night again. Stop at a telegraph-office, cabby! We will keep Toby, for he may be of 
all the day, Your sad tires in a mile-a. Exit SCENE IV. Bohemia. The SHEPHERD'S cottage Enter FLORIZEL and PERDITA FLORIZEL. These your unusual weeds to e
lown? I hid me under the dead moon-calf's gaberdine for fear of the storm. And art thou living, Stephano? O Stephano, two Neapolitans scap'd! STEPHANO. Prithee, do not turn me about; my stomach i
sloth Finds the down pillow hard. Now, peace be here, Poor house, that keep'st thyself! GUIDERIUS. I am thoroughly weary. ARVIRAGUS. I am weak with toil, yet strong in
k'd 'a should have sent me two and twenty yards of satin, as I am a true knight, and he sends me security. Well, he may sleep in security; for he hath the horn of abundance, and the lig
he hath ta'en thy life by some indirect means or other; for, I assure thee, and almost with tears I speak it, there is not one so young and so villainous this day living. I speak but brotherly 
urns not to itself Till it hath travell'd, and is mirror'd there Where it may see itself. This is not strange at all. ULYSSES. I do not strain at the posit
of warriors, How is't with Titus Lartius? MARCIUS. As with a man busied about decrees: Condemning some to death and some to exile; Ransoming him or pitying, threat'ning th' other; Holdi
, and others YORK. Bring forth that sorceress, condemn'd to burn. Enter LA PUCELLE, guarded, and a SHEPHERD SHEPHERD. Ah, Joan, this kills thy father's heart outrig
ay? This is a knavery of them to make me afeard. Re-enter SNOUT SNOUT. O Bottom, thou art chang'd! What do I see on thee? BOTTOM. What do you see? You see an ass-
ntleman. She's wedded; Her husband banish'd; she imprison'd. All Is outward sorrow, though I think the King Be touch'd at very heart. SECOND GENTLEMAN. None but the King? FIRST G
ow did spurn me with his foot, To call me goddess, nymph, divine, and rare, Precious, celestial? Wherefore speaks he this To her he hates? And wherefore doth Lysander De
h rid his prologue like a rough colt; he knows not the stop. A good moral, my lord: it is not enough to speak, but to speak true. HIPPOLYTA. Indeed he hath play'd on this p
se, however, I examined, as you remember, the sill and framework of the hall window with my lens, and I could at once see that someone had passed out. I could dis
od Cassio. Come, come; Lend me a light. Know we this face or no? Alas, my friend and my dear countryman Roderigo? No- yes, sure. O heaven! Roderigo. GRATIANO. What, of Venice? IAGO. Even he, 
ke all my comfort of thy worth and truth. For whether beauty, birth, or wealth, or wit, Or any of these all, or all, or more Entitled in thy parts, do crowned sit, I 
UNTESS. Thy marriage, sooner than thy wickedness. CLOWN. I am out o' friends, madam, and I hope to have friends for my wife's sake. COUNTESS. Such friends are thine ene
efore the missing boot is found." "And, now, gentlemen," said the baronet with decision, "it seems to me that I have spoken quite enough about the little that I know. It is time th
sovereign liege, But by the chance of war. To prove that true Needs no more but one tongue for all those wounds, Those mouthed wounds, which val
w, my sweet guardian! Hark, a word with you. [Whispers] TROILUS. Yea, so familiar! ULYSSES. She will sing any man at first sight. THERSITES. And any man may sing her, if 
other of Bajazet's mule, if you prattle me into these perils. SECOND LORD. Is it possible he should know what he is, and be that he is? PAROLLES. I would t
d, came to London, and again acquired an evil name. It was at this time that he was sought out by Professor Moriarty, to whom for a time he was chief of the staff. Moriarty supplied him libe
y minute she gets stronger," said Holmes, glancing at the governess. "But tell me, Baynes, who is this man Henderson?" "Henderson," the inspector answered, "is Don Murillo, once called
n If half thy outward graces had been plac'd About thy thoughts and counsels of thy heart! But fare thee well, most foul, most fair! Farewell, Thou pure impiet
torch-bearer. SALERIO. Ay, marry, I'll be gone about it straight. SOLANIO. And so will I. LORENZO. Meet me and Gratiano At Gratiano's lodg
ake thee. If thou dost nod, thou break'st thy instrument; I'll take it from thee; and, good boy, good night. Let me see, let me see; is not the leaf turn'd down Where I left reading? Here it is
nplace room. As we moved across it in the direction of the window, Holmes fell back until he and I were the last of the group. Near the foot of the bed s
makes me unpregnant And dull to all proceedings. A deflow'red maid! And by an eminent body that enforc'd The law against it! But that her tender shame Will not proclaim against her maiden loss, Ho
town's end. Bard. I Will, Captain. Farewell. Exit. Fal. If I be not ashamed of my soldiers, I am a sous'd gurnet. I have misused the King's press damnably. I have got in exchange of a hundr
run two miles, I suppose, before Holmes at last halted and listened intently. All was absolute silence behind us. We had shaken off our pursuers and were safe. We had breakfasted an
our; when beasts most graze, birds best peck, and men sit down to that nourishment which is called supper. So much for the time When. Now for the ground W
just arrived in London. Yes, it was her first voyage--she had never been from home before. He won her with his title and his money and his false London ways. If she made a mistake she has 
 folly, They most must laugh. And why, sir, must they so? The why is plain as way to parish church: He that a fool doth very wisely hit Doth very foolishly, although he smart, Not to seem sensele
 assay of art, but at his touch, Such sanctity hath heaven given his hand, They presently amend. MALCOLM. I thank you, Doctor. Exit Doctor. MAC
 faintest indication, and yet it was enough to tell me that the great malignant brain was there, as the gentlest tremors of the edges of the web 
t conceive you. Glou. Sir, this young fellow's mother could; whereupon she grew round-womb'd, and had indeed, sir, a son for her cradle ere she had a husband for her b
ardon, Caesar! Caesar, pardon! As low as to thy foot doth Cassius fall To beg enfranchisement for Publius Cimber. CAESAR. I could be well moved, if I were as you; If I could pray to mov
errified animals. Unaccustomed to sudden emergencies, her head began to swim, and her grip upon the bridle to relax. Choked by the rising cloud of dust and by the steam from the stru
nty of money, which was said to have been gained in the California gold fields, and it was clear from his own talk and that of his wife that he had spent a part of his life in 
he uncertain glory of an April day, Which now shows all the beauty of the sun, And by an by a cloud takes all away! Re-enter PANTHINO PANTHINO. Sir Proteus, your father calls for you; He is in has
nal English, which, for the sake of clearness, I will make grammatical. "I was born in Posilippo, near Naples," said she, "and was the daughter of Augusto Barelli, who was the chief 
OUCESTER. Good morrow to my sovereign king and Queen; And, princely peers, a happy time of day! KING EDWARD. Happy, indeed, as we have spent the day. Gloucester, we have done deeds of charit
; "nothing could be more successful. I know that her word is inviolate. The photograph is now as safe as if it were in the fire." "I am glad to hear your Majesty say so." "I am immensel
 down to Woking by the eleven-o'clock train, and I wanted if possible to catch it. "When I came to examine the treaty I saw at once that it was of such importance that my uncle had been guilty of
 lamb. You two are old men; tell me one thing that I shall ask you. BOTH TRIBUNES. Well, sir. MENENIUS. In what enormity is Marcius poor in that you two have not in abundance? BRUTUS. He's poor in
or if It did take place, 'I do' quoth he 'perceive My king is tangled in affection to A creature of the Queen's, Lady Anne Bullen.' SURREY. Has the King this? SUFFOLK. Believe it. SURREY. Will this w
I never saw an action of such shame; Experience, manhood, honour, ne'er before Did violate so itself. ENOBARBUS. Alack, alack! Enter CANIDIUS CANIDIUS. Our fortune on the sea is out of br
ce which lessens and sets off; And you may then revolve what tales I have told you Of courts, of princes, of the tricks in war. This service is not service so b
 at his gate, But rather one that smiles and still invites All that pass by. It cannot hold; no reason Can sound his state in safety. Caphis, ho! Caphis, I say! Enter CAPHIS CAPHIS. Here, s
d him they came from Buckingham Upon his party. He, mistrusting them, Hois'd sail, and made his course again for Britaine. KING RICHARD. March on, march on, since we are up in arms; If not to figh
 Duke where you are going, to a most festinate preparation. We are bound to the like. Our posts shall be swift and intelligent betwixt us. Farewell, dear sister; farewell, my Lord of Glouceste
PERO. As great to me as late; and, supportable To make the dear loss, have I means much weaker Than you may call to comfort you, for I Have lost my daughter. ALONSO. A daughter! O heavens
nd being not done, where doing tends to ill, The truth is then most done not doing it; The better act of purposes mistook Is to mistake again; though indirect, Yet indirection thereby grows di
nce still, That mouldeth goblins swift as frenzy's thoughts. Strike a free march to Troy. With comfort go; Hope of revenge shall hide our inward woe. Enter PANDARUS PANDARUS. But
e us. DICK. If we mean to thrive and do good, break open the gaols and let out the prisoners. CADE. Fear not that, I warrant thee. Come, let's march towards London. Exeunt SCENE IV. London. The pal
tress Anne Page. SLENDER. Why, if it be so, I will marry her upon any reasonable demands. EVANS. But can you affection the oman? Let us command to know that of your mouth or of your l
 but in order to do so I must understand to the last detail how the matter stands. I realize that your words applied to Mr. James Wilder, and that he is not the murderer." "No; the murd
King, commands the contrary. KING RICHARD. The devil take Henry of Lancaster and thee! Patience is stale, and I am weary of it. [Beats the KEEPER] KEEPER. Help, help, help! The murderers
 ADRIANA. The hours come back! That did I never hear. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. O yes. If any hour meet a sergeant, 'a turns back for very fear. ADRIANA. As if Time were in debt! How fondly dost thou reaso
 COSTARD. As it shall follow in my correction; and God defend the right! KING. Will you hear this letter with attention? BEROWNE. As we would hear an oracle. COSTARD. Such is the simplicity of m
 HOSTESS. Master Fang, have you ent'red the action? FANG. It is ent'red. HOSTESS. Where's your yeoman? Is't a lusty yeoman?
 TITANIA. What, wilt thou hear some music, my sweet love? BOTTOM. I have a reasonable good ear in music. Let's have the tongs and the bones. TITANIA. Or 
 Villain, what hast thou done? AARON. That which thou canst not undo. CHIRON. Thou hast undone our mother. AARON. Villain, I have done thy mother. DEMETRIUS. And therein, hellish dog, tho
 had been engaged five years before, when Douglas first came to Birlstone. He understood that Mr. Douglas was a rich gentleman who had made his money in America. He had been a kin
 you have done- that's what I can; induc'd As you have been- that's for my country. He that has but effected his good will Hath overta'en mine act.
. BRUTUS. What means this shouting? I do fear the people Choose Caesar for their king. CASSIUS. Ay, do you fear it? Then must I think you would not have it so. BRUTUS. I would not, 
. JAQUES. Rosalind is your love's name? ORLANDO. Yes, just. JAQUES. I do not like her name. ORLANDO. There was no thought of pleasing you when she was christen'd. JAQUES. What stature is 
RGAVENNY. Is it therefore Th' ambassador is silenc'd? NORFOLK. Marry, is't. ABERGAVENNY. A proper tide of a peace, and purchas'd At a superfluous rate!
me, I was going to your house. MRS. PAGE. And, trust me, I was coming to you. You look very ill. MRS. FORD. Nay, I'll ne'er believe that; I have to show to the contrary. 
ot strange? That Angelo is an adulterous thief, An hypocrite, a virgin-violator, Is it not strange and strange
result of driving it through the ventilator." "And also with the result of causing it to turn upon its master at the other side. Some of the blows of my cane cam
vir after Caesar's death, later Augustus Caesar, first emperor of Rome MARK ANTONY, general and friend of Caesar, a Triumvir after his death LEPIDUS, third member of t
D SERVANT. As they pinch one another by the disposition, he cries out 'No more!'; reconciles them to his entreaty and himself to th' drink. FIRST SERVANT. But it raises the greater war b
d watch their play. I am fond of a hand at cards myself, and it was almost as good as having one to watch the others. There 
 Gloucester. Glou. I shall, my liege. Exeunt [Gloucester and Edmund]. Lear. Meantime we shall express our darker purpos
your beards that I am a knave. CELIA. By our beards, if we had them, thou art. TOUCHSTONE. By my knavery, if I had it, then I were. But if you swear by that that not, you are
ST CITIZEN. Yes, that the King is dead. SECOND CITIZEN. Ill news, by'r lady; seldom comes the better. I fear, I fear 'twill prove a giddy world. Enter 
d, and then starts up, And Tybalt calls; and then on Romeo cries, And then down falls again. Rom. As if that name, Shot from the deadly level of a gun, Did murther he
nd she wouldn't have let me talk about it either if she could have stopped it. She kept coming back to it that this was a place of danger, and that she would
ing in front of us, spouting fire at every chink and window, while in the garden in front three fire-engines were vainly striving to keep the flames under. "That's it!" cried 
ame? POMPEY. Mistress Overdone. ESCALUS. Hath she had any more than one husband? POMPEY. Nine, sir; Overdone b
 full of the pleasant smell of the moist earth. To me at least there was a strange contrast between the sweet promise of the spring and thi
 was a little restless and excited, sir." "Ha! The attack may not have been entirely unexpected. We do seem to make a little progress, do we not? Perhaps you would rath
ages. CLOTEN. Is it fit I went to look upon him? Is there no derogation in't? SECOND LORD. You cannot derogate, my lord. CLOTEN. Not easily, I t
om rest them, While I, their king, that thither them importune, Do curse the grace that with such grace hath blest them, Be
 Yet- ANTONIO. He could not miss't. ADRIAN. It must needs be of subtle, tender, and delicate temperance. ANTONIO. Temperance was a delicate wench. SEBASTIAN. Ay, and a subtle; as he most le
IGHTH CARDINAL WOLSEY CARDINAL CAMPEIUS CAPUCIUS, Ambassador from the Emperor Charles V CRANMER, ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY DUKE OF NORFOLK DUKE OF
t. We found--" "Yes? You found--" Holmes's face grew tense with anxiety. "Well, I'm sure you would never guess in a hundred years what we did find. You see t
e, of ourselves, ourselves are choleric, Than feed it with such over-roasted flesh. Be patient; to-morrow 't shall be mended. And for this night we'll fast for company. C
 ever such bad luck and such bad management, too? Watson, Watson, if you are an honest man you will record this also and set it agains
mething to his memory. We were in the middle of our lunch when he suddenly sprang to his feet. "By Jove, Watson; I'v
 YORK. Richard, enough; I will be King, or die. Brother, thou shalt to London presently And whet on Warwick to this enterprise. Thou, Richard, shalt to the Duke of Norfol
 AJAX. Troilus! thou coward Troilus! Exit DIOMEDES. Ay, there, there. NESTOR. So, so, we draw together. Exit
armour with thy prayers, And with thy blessings steel my lance's point, That it may enter Mowbray's waxen coat And furbish new the name of John o' Gaunt, Even in the lusty hav
port an American from outside in order to account for American doings." "Ames, the butler--" "What about him? Is he reliable?" "Ten years with Sir Charles Chando
y, poor Enobarbus did Before thy face repent! CENTURION. Enobarbus? SECOND WATCH. Peace! Hark further. ENOBARBUS. O sovereign mistress of true melancholy, The poisonous
. What, Grumio! NICHOLAS. Fellow Grumio! NATHANIEL. How now, old lad! GRUMIO. Welcome, you!- how now, you!- what, you!- fellow, you!- and thus much for greeting. Now
be. But we have to be careful, for we have twice been deceived by wigs and once by paint. I could tell you tales of cobbler's wax which would disgust you with human nature.' He stepped over to the wi
sire it. CASSIO. Where are they? IAGO. Here at the door; I pray you, call them in. CASSIO. I'll do't, but it dislikes me. Exit. IAGO. If I can fasten but one cup upon hi
e Julia. JULIA. I must, where is no remedy. PROTEUS. When possibly I can, I will return. JULIA. If you turn not, y
doom for Bassianus; His Philomel must lose her tongue to-day, Thy sons make pillage of her chastity, And wash their hands in Bassianus' blood. Seest thou this letter? Take it up, I pray t
gh. They had been aroused from their sleep by the sound of an explosion, which had been followed a minute later by a se
sailors, that the parcel had been posted at a port, and that the male ear was pierced for an earring which is so much more common among sailors th
 so glad that you have come, Holmes. I trust very much to your judgment and discretion, and I know that you will advise me for the best.' "We were dashing along the smooth white country road, with th
h, as if the sigh Was that it was for not being such a smile; The smile mocking the sigh that it would fly From so divine a temple to commix With
 Enter the EMPEROR, and the EMPRESS and her two sons, DEMETRIUS and CHIRON; LORDS and others. The EMPEROR brings the arrows in his hand that TITUS shot at him SATURNINUS. Why, lords, what wrongs
I strike? PROTEUS. Who wouldst thou strike? LAUNCE. Nothing. PROTEUS. Villain, forbear. LAUNCE. Why, sir, I'll st
thing but himself, And some few vanities that make him light; But in the balance of great Bolingbroke, Besides himself, are all the English peers, And with that odds h
, and who may have heard uncle's remarks about the coronet." "I see. You infer that she may have gone out to tell 
int where the path passes through the gate you could surely pick up the tracks?" "Unfortunately, the path was tiled at that point." "Well, on the road itself?" "No; it was all trodd
es. SECOND OUTLAW. Peace! we'll hear him. THIRD OUTLAW. Ay, by my beard, will we; for he is a proper man. VALENTINE. Then
d. The father was away in search of his son. The mother was at home--a little, fluffy, blue-eyed person, in a trem
 mere fact that the ring should be absent, whoever may have removed it, would suggest to anyone's mind, would it not, that the 
h the body. ANTONY. Now let it work. Mischief, thou art afoot, Take thou what course thou wilt. Enter a Servant. How now, fellow? SERVANT. Sir, Octavius is already come to Rome. ANTONY. Where is 
ge, To have them in safe stowage. May it please you To take them in protection? IMOGEN. Willingly; And pawn mine honour for their safety. Since My lord hath interes
od. Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. Your honour's players, hearing your amendment, Are come to play a pleasant comedy; For so your doctors hold it very meet, Seeing
RAGUS. Fear no more the frown o' th' great; Thou art past the tyrant's stroke. Care no more to clothe and eat; To thee the reed is as the oak. The s
e beginners of this fray? Ben. O noble Prince. I can discover all The unlucky manage of this fatal brawl. There lies the man, slain by young Romeo, That slew thy kinsman, brave
t more than the pipe did originally. The man must value the pipe highly when he prefers to patch it up rather than buy a new one with the same money." "Any
own in town when you went for him, or stayed indoors when you thought he would come out, you'll see my work." "You blasted traitor!" hissed McGinty through his closed teeth. "Ay, J
ly, my lord. ANTONY. Cried he? and begg'd 'a pardon? SERVANT. He did ask favour. ANTONY. If that thy father live, let him re
you delivered to her our decree? Lady. Ay, sir; but she will none, she gives you thanks. I would the fool were married to her grave! Cap. S
ome to this? OTHELLO. Make me to see't; or at the least so prove it, That the probation bear no hinge nor loop To hang a doubt on; or woe upon thy life! IAGO. My noble lord- OTHELLO. If thou dost sl
fair weather that you make yourself. It is needful that you frame the season for your own harvest. John. I had rather be a canker in a hedge than a rose in his grace, and it bette
eir reasons; they are natural": For I believe they are portentous things Unto the climate that they point upon. CICERO. Indeed, it is a strange-disposed time. But men may cons
or any place where we could keep them. We carried the box, therefore, into the same hall where we had
ir sister, Go with the princes or stay here with us? QUEEN ISABEL. Our gracious brother, I will go with them; Haply a woman's voice ma
e kingly lion And made the forest tremble when they roar'd. Thus have we swept suspicion from our seat And made our footstool of security. Come hither, Bess, and let me ki
KINGHAM. Good Catesby, go effect this business soundly. CATESBY. My good lords both, with all the heed I can. GLOUCESTER. Shall we hear from you, Catesby, er
 contact with the plans. No one else had the handling of them." "Who locked up the plans that night?" "Mr. Sidney Johnson, the senior clerk." "Well, it is surely perfectly clear 
s gun at you." "It was not me that was in danger." "Who then?" "It was you, Councillor." McMurdo drew a cocked pistol from the side poc
d. HELENA. Ay, in the temple, in the town, the field, You do me mischief. Fie, Demetrius! Your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex. We cannot fight for l
ereto, when they shall know what men are rich, They shall subscribe them for large sums of gold, And send them after to supply our wants; For we will make for Ireland presently. Enter BUSHY Bushy, wh
 to their eyes; I will move storms; I will condole in some measure. To the rest- yet my chief humour is for a tyrant. I could play Ercles rarely, or a part to tear a ca
[Music ceases] LORENZO. That is the voice, Or I am much deceiv'd, of Portia. PORTIA. He knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo, By the bad voice. LORENZO. Dear lady, we
S palace Enter VALENTINE, and VIOLA in man's attire VALENTINE. If the Duke continue these favours towards you, Cesario, you are like to be much advanc'd; he hath known 
ne dreams that they are alive. They think they are mine; and though train'd up thus meanly I' th' cave wherein they bow, their thoughts do hit The roofs of
 His passion is for the British law, and he has spent a large fortune in litigation. He fights for the mere pleasure of fighting and is equally ready to take up either side of 
ng here at Rome Might be to you in Egypt. Yet, if you there Did practise on my state, your being in Egypt Might be my question. ANTONY. How intend you- practis'd? C
ainst his will? WARWICK. Is not a dukedom, sir, a goodly gift? GLOUCESTER. Ay, by my faith, for a poor earl to give. I'll do thee service for so good a gift. WARWICK. 'Twa
company. Thence he drove to Scotland Yard, but instead of entering he sat in his cab with his brows drawn down, lost in profound thought. Finally he drove round to the Charing Cro
 so criedst out? LUCIUS. My lord, I do not know that I did cry. BRUTUS. Yes, that thou didst. Didst thou see anything? LUCIUS. Nothing, my l
r you too long-good night, Sir Thomas. LOVELL. Many good nights, my lord; I rest your servant. Exeunt GARDINE
ncourt Enter the CONSTABLE OF FRANCE, the LORD RAMBURES, the DUKE OF ORLEANS, the DAUPHIN, with others CONSTABLE. Tut! 
ms and trumpets, and then enter MARTIUS and MUTIUS, two of TITUS' sons; and then two men bearing a coffin covered with black; then LUCIUS and QUIN
URREY. Yes, that goodness Of gleaning all the land's wealth into one, Into your own hands, Cardinal, by extortion; The goodness of your intercepted packets Yo
 that?" "You say that you have had it because you need a change. Let me suggest that you take one. How would Lausanne do, my dear Watson--first-class tickets and all expenses paid on a princely sc
are, Mr. Holmes, that you take a very high line in professional matters, and that you are prepared to work for the work's sake. I may tell you, however, that his Grace h
ll be before our welcome. WIDOW. Gentle madam, You never had a servant to whose trust Your business was more welcome. HELENA. Nor you, mistress, Ever a friend whose thoughts more tru
and rather woo Those that would mischief me than those that do! Has caught me in his eye; I will present My honest grief unto him, and as my lord Still serve h
yself as false to Edward's bed, Throw over her the veil of infamy; So she may live unscarr'd of bleeding slaughter, I will confess she was not Edward's daughter. KING RI
 while he told me anecdote after anecdote of that extraordinary man. The afternoon was far advanced and the hot g
RK. Nay, we shall heat you thoroughly anon. CLIFFORD. Take heed, lest by your heat you burn yourselves. KING HENRY. Why, Warwick, hath thy knee forgot to bow? Old Salisbury, shame 
. Edmund Mortimer, Earl of March. Richard Scroop, Archbishop of York. Archibald, Earl of Douglas. Owen Glendower. Sir Richard Vernon. Sir John 
ook the old house, and then all was silence. The maid stood petrified for a moment, and then, recovering h
 that quickly too. POMPEY. Pray, Master Barnardine, awake till you are executed, and sleep afterwards. ABHORSON. Go in to him, and fetch him out. POMPEY. He is coming, sir, he is co
ed love with singing love, sometime through the nose, as if you snuff'd up love by smelling love, with y
 of ACHILLES Enter THERSITES, solus THERSITES. How now, Thersites! What, lost in the labyrinth of thy
, Rating myself at nothing, you shall see How much I was a braggart. When I told you My state was nothing, I
 written in pencil over here." "And over here is what appears to be the fragment of a hotel bill, which interests me deeply." "There's nothing in it. I lo
rform; vowing more than the perfection of ten, and discharging less than the tenth part of one. They th
e carry it? NESTOR. [Aside] An 'twould, you'd carry half. ULYSSES. [Aside] 'A would have ten shares. AJAX. I will knead him, I'll make him supple
hip, call her back. OTHELLO. Mistress! DESDEMONA. My lord? OTHELLO. What would you with her, sir? LODOVICO. Who, I, my l
 so. We have shared the same room for some years, and it would be amusing if we ended by sharing the same cell. You know, Watson, I don't mind confessing to you that I have always 
ract with Lady Lucy, And his contract by deputy in France; Th' insatiate greediness of his desire, And his enforcement of the city wives; His tyrann
ulder is with child. DUMAIN. As fair as day. BEROWNE. Ay, as some days; but then no sun must shine. DUMAIN. O that I had my wish
ords from my tongue. BEROWNE. O, I am yours, and all that I possess. ROSALINE. All the fool mine? BEROWNE. I cannot give you le
 me to a part of it! OTHELLO. How comes it, Michael, you are thus forgot? CASSIO. I pray you, pardon me; I cannot speak. OTHELLO. Worthy Montano, yo
the gap which opened into the cornfields. They had just reached this point when the young man seized his two companions and dragged them down into the shadow, where t
been whole Ere he by sickness had been visited. His health was never better worth than now. Hot. Sick now? droop now? This sickness doth infect 
y came running up to the lodge to say that he had found his father dead in the wood, and to ask for the help of the lodge-keeper. He was much excited, 
 is well. To-morrow I shall set to work upon your case." "I shall see you at Horsham, then?" "No, yo
 with this dead-killing news! ANNE. Despiteful tidings! O unpleasing news! DORSET. Be of good cheer; mother, how fares your Grace? QUEEN ELIZABETH. O Dorset, speak not to me, get 
g, shadowed always by Stapleton in the cab. From his knowledge of our rooms and of my appearance, as well as from his general conduct, I am inclined to think that Stapleton's career of crime 
ne, about half a mile from the north camp. The house stands in its own grounds, but the west side of it is not more than thirty yards from the high-road. A coachman and two mai
IA. That's no matter; the feet might bear the verses. ROSALIND. Ay, but the feet were lame, and could not bear the
ay that he has. He is the very type of conventional British respectability, and the very man as a witness to impress another Briton. You saw yourself how neither of the i
y, sir, a good favour you have but that you have a hanging look- do you call, sir, your occupation a mystery? ABHORSON. Ay, sir; a mystery. POM
imo, Sienna's brother. LUCIUS. When expect you them? CAPTAIN. With the next benefit o' th' wind. LUCIUS. This forwardness Makes our hopes fair. Command our pres
her maid was here. I'm a rough fellow, fresh from a rough life, and when Dr. Watson spoke to me as he did I lost hold of mysel
ing to recall something to his memory. We were in the middle of our lunch when he suddenly sprang to his f
aken for mine. If I could have seen him then I should have killed him, for I have always been like a madman whe
alace Enter ANTONY and CLEOPATRA, CHARMIAN, IRAS, with others ANTONY. Eros! mine armour, Eros! CLEOPATRA. Sleep a little. ANTONY. No, my chu
a lady; but what is he to a lord? Mess. A lord to a lord, a man to a man; stuff'd with all honourable virtues. Beat. It is so indeed. He is no less than a stu
heart had been wounded with the claws of a lion. ORLANDO. Wounded it is, but with the eyes of a lady. ROSALIND. Did your brother tell you how I counterfeited to swoon when he sho
 PHILARIO'S house Enter POSTHUMUS POSTHUMUS. Is there no way for men to be, but women Must be half-workers? We are all bastards, And that most venerable man which I Did cal
R. I'll be hang'd then. POSTHUMUS. Thou shalt be then freer than a gaoler; no bolts for the dead. Exeunt POSTHUMUS and MESSENGER GAOLER
owever--" "I never make exceptions. An exception disproves the rule. Have you ever had occasion to study character in handwriting? What do you make of this fellow's scribble?"
r coast- I dare not say from the rich Cardinal, And from the great and new-made Duke of Suffolk; Yet I do find it so; for, to be plain, They, knowing Dame Eleanor's aspir
like larks. WOLSEY. All goodness Is poison to thy stomach. SURREY. Yes, that goodness Of gleaning all the land's wealth into one, Into your own hands, Cardinal, by 
 the Greeks, sweet lady. NESTOR. Our general doth salute you with a kiss. ULYSSES. Yet is the kindness but particular; 'Twere better she were kiss'd in general. NESTOR. And very court
 only half-past three. Au revoir, then." "Au revoir," said our visitor, and, with a bright, kindly glance from one to the other o
oupled to nature. SECOND SENATOR. Our hope in him is dead. Let us return And strain what other means is left unto us In our dear peril. FIRST SENATOR. 
o seemed to have emerged from the wall, who advanced now from the gloom of the corner in which he had appeared. Mrs. Douglas turned, and in an instant her arms were round him. Barker had seized his
asure to me." "Rather an irregular proceeding," said Jones, shaking his head. "However, the whole thing is irregular, and I suppose w
l? BOTTOM. Nothing, good mounsieur, but to help Cavalery Cobweb to scratch. I must to the barber's, mounsieur; for methinks I am marvellous hairy about the face; and I am such a tend
 time shall serve, there shall be smiles- but that shall be as it may. I dare not fight; but I will wink and hold out mine iron. It is a simple one;
 our future inquiry." "One moment! one moment!" cried a querulous voice, and we looked up to find a queer little old man, jerking and twitching in the doorway. He was dressed in
ast moment. "Now, if I could have done this without the knowledge of Professor Moriarty, all would have been well. But he was too wily for that. He saw every step which I took to draw my to
g York; and not the least of these But can do more in England than the King. SUFFOLK. And he of these that can d
 lacks a half To pay your present debts. TIMON. Let all my land be sold. FLAVIUS. 'Tis all engag'd, some forfeited and gone; And what remains will hardly stop the mouth Of present du
 let your haste commend your duty. Cor., Volt. In that, and all things, will we show our duty. King. We doubt it nothi
 and reading! Listen, car. BEROWNE. Now, in thy likeness, one more fool appear! LONGAVILLE. Ay me, I am forsworn! BEROWNE. Why, he comes in like a perjure, wearing papers. KING. In love, I hope; 
 Come, down into the boat. ENOBARBUS. Take heed you fall not. Exeunt all but ENOBARBUS and MENAS Menas, I'll not on 
ll guards the right. Enter SALISBURY Welcome, my lord. How far off lies your power? SALISBURY. Nor near nor farther off, my grac
f he do set The very wings of reason to his heels And fly like chidden Mercury from Jove, Or like a star disorb'd? Nay, if we talk of reason, Let
young man he looked at him steadily for some time, a look which was as steadily returned. "I'm not much of a visitor, Brother McMurdo," he said at last. "I guess I am t
" " MESSALA, " " " VOLUMNIUS, " " " ARTEMIDORUS, a teacher of rhetoric CINNA, a poet VARRO, servant to Brutus CLITUS, " " " CLAUD
we men are men- Let us once lose our oaths to find ourselves, Or else we lose ourselves to keep our oaths. It is religion to be thus forsworn; For charity itself fulfi
monstrous villain! Re-enter BIONDELLO, with LUCENTIO and BIANCA BIONDELLO. O, we are spoil'd; and yonder he is! Deny him, forswear him, or else we are all u
n; I must needs praise him. SERVANT. The lord be praised! PANDARUS. You know me, do you not? SERVANT. Faith, sir, superfici
s to supplement the efforts of the ordinary civil police, who were perfectly helpless in the face of the organized ruffianism which terrorized the district. There was a hush as he ente
hough given away; They tend the crown, yet still with me they stay. BOLINGBROKE. Are you contented to resign the crown? KING RICHARD. Ay, no; no, ay; for I must nothing
ysam the papist, howsome'er their hearts are sever'd in religion, their heads are both one; they may jowl h
ther wink than look on them. THURIO. How likes she my discourse? PROTEUS. Ill, when you talk of war. THURIO. But well when I discourse of love and peace? JULIA. [Aside] But bet
 make thee amends. CAIUS. By gar, me do look he shall clapper-de-claw me; for, by gar, me vill have it. HOST. And I will provoke him to't, or l
uestration- put but money in thy purse. These Moors are changeable in their wills- fill thy purse with money. The food that to him now is as luscious as locusts, shall be to 
ll the power we have. Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. All hail, my lords! Which of this princely train Call 
ues; For pity is the virtue of the law, And none but tyrants use it cruelly. It pleases time and fortune to lie heavy Upon a friend of mine, who in hot blood Hath stepp'd into the law, which 
When he reached St. Petersburg they had departed for Paris; and when he followed them there he learned that they had just set off for Copenhagen. At the Danish capital he was a
s hand when I mentioned it. "Data! data! data!" he cried impatiently. "I can't make bricks without clay." And yet he would al
not believe But I shall do thee mischief in the wood. HELENA. Ay, in the temple, in the town, the field, You do me mischief. Fie, Demetrius! Your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex. We cannot fi
ur duty is so rich, so infinite, That we may do it still without accompt. Vouchsafe to show the sunshine of your face, That we, like savages, may w
ENE 3. The Grecian camp. Before AGAMEMNON'S tent Sennet. Enter AGAMEMNON, NESTOR, ULYSSES, DIOMEDES, MENELAUS, 
ing Lear's Palace.] Enter Kent, Gloucester, and Edmund. [Kent and Glouceste converse. Edmund stands back.] Kent. I thought the King had more affected the Duke of Albany than Cornwa
d, it's crack'd! Reg. What, did my father's godson seek your life? He whom my father nam'd? Your Edgar? Glou. O lady, lady,
NG JOHN. France, thou shalt rue this hour within this hour. BASTARD. Old Time the clock-setter, that bald sexton Time, Is it as he will? Well then, France shall ru
ulnerable he was mortal, and if we could wound him we could kill him. Never have I seen a man run as Holmes ran that night. I am reckon
ld serve the turn, or the breaking of my Spanish sword. SECOND LORD. We cannot afford you so. PAROLLES. Or the baring of my beard; and to say it was 
lourish] CAESAR. Welcome to Rome. ANTONY. Thank you. CAESAR. Sit. ANTONY. Sit, sir. CAESAR. Nay, then. [
hild! Dead art thou, dead! alack, my child is dead, And with my child my joys are buried! Friar. Peace, ho, for shame! Confusi
and old Shylock, both stand forth. PORTIA. Is your name Shylock? SHYLOCK. Shylock is my name. PORTIA. Of a strange 
at on this particular night he should have been up. Now, I should be very glad if you would have the kindness to show us over the house, Mr. Cunningham." A stone-flagged passage, 
II. Alexandria. The monument Enter CLEOPATRA, CHARMIAN, IRAS, and MARDIAN CLEOPATRA. My desolation does begin to make A better life. 'Tis paltry to be Caesar: Not being Fortune, he's but 
e shock. Then I took a drop myself. Theresa was as cool as ice, and it was her plot as much as mine. We must make it appear that burglars had done the thing. Theresa kept on repeating our story
erlain, Will put thy shirt on warm? Will these moist trees, That have outliv'd the eagle, page thy heels And skip when thou point'st out? Will the cold brook, Candied with ice, caudl
d old Poysam the papist, howsome'er their hearts are sever'd in religion, their heads are both one; they may jowl horns together like any deer i' 
s come to beg: Warwick, to give. She, on his left side, craving aid for Henry: He, on his right, asking a wife for
should be suspected. Speak, is't so? If it be so, you have wound a goodly clew; If it be not, forswear't; howe'er, I charge thee, As heaven shall work in me f
t, And throw their power i' th' dust. BRUTUS. Manifest treason! SICINIUS. This a consul? No. BRUTUS. The aediles, ho! Enter an AEDILE Let him be apprehended. SICINI
ut what were these commonplace rogues that he should soil his hands with them? An abstruse and learned specialist who finds that he has 
le you, if I may spy them. Exit Enter SALISBURY and TALBOT on the turrets, with SIR WILLIAM GLANSDALE, SIR THOMAS GARGRAVE, and others SALISBURY. Talbot, my life, my joy, again return'd! How wert
h he so sets at nought. FIRST CITIZEN. He shall well know The noble tribunes are the people's mouths, And we their hands. PLEBEIANS. He shall, sure on't.
othing else to be done but to see him. PISTOL. 'Tis 'semper idem' for 'obsque hoc nihil est.' 'Tis all in every part. SHALLOW. 'Tis so, indeed. PISTOL. My knight, I will inflame thy n
ood. SALERIO. There is more difference between thy flesh and hers than between jet and ivory; more between your bloods than there is between red wine and Rhenish. But tell us, do you hear
 Do so, we'll speak to them; and to-night I'll force The wine peep through their scars. Come on, my queen, There's sap in't yet. The next time I do fight I'll mak
nd tortur'd me Since I have lost thee! ANTONIO. Sebastian are you? SEBASTIAN. Fear'st thou that, Antonio? ANTONIO. How have y
as we talked, and were walking down it from the St. James's end. Sherlock Holmes stopped at a door some little distance from the Carlton, and, cautioning me not to speak, he led t
g, or a song of good life? SIR TOBY. A love-song, a love-song. AGUECHEEK. Ay, ay; I care not for good
imes labour in the quern, And bootless make the breathless housewife churn, And sometime make the drink to bear no barm, Mislead night-wanderers, laughing at their harm? Those that Hobgoblin
s, without all doubt. Come, gentlemen, ye shall go my way, which Is to th' court, and there ye shall be my guests: Something I can comman
 should not urge it half so faithfully. LUCIUS. Dost thou speak seriously, Servilius? SERVILIUS. Upon my soul, 'tis true, sir. LUCIUS. What a w
nding their expedition toward Philippi. MESSALA. Myself have letters of the selfsame tenure. BRUTUS. With what addition? MESSALA. That by proscri
. Another part of the battlefield Enter SALISBURY, PEMBROKE, and BIGOT SALISBURY. I did not think the King so stor'd with friends. PEMBROKE. Up once again; put spirit in the
hat think you of the Scottish lord, his neighbour? PORTIA. That he hath a neighbourly charity in him,
e a beggar at Hallowmas. You were wont, when you laughed, to crow like a cock; when you walk'd, to wal
use; And then I'll presently attend you. VALENTINE. Will you make haste? PROTEUS. I will. Exit VALENTINE Even as one heat another 
 the commonwealth. HOLOFERNES. Mehercle, if their sons be ingenious, they shall want no instruction; if their daughters be capab
s, you know Whose he is we are, and that is Caesar's. THYREUS. So. Thus then, thou most renown'd: Caesar entreats Not to consider in what case thou stand'st Further than he is Caesar. CLEOPATRA. Go o
aring carry it; And the ass more captain than the lion; the fellow Loaden with irons wiser than the judge, If wisdom be in suffering. O my lords, As you are great, be pi
t was one which is popular with sailors, that the parcel had been posted at a port, and that the male
 of women Of no more bondage be to where they are made Than they are to their virtues, which is nothing. O, above measure false! PHILARIO. Have patience, sir, And take your ring again
 sweet leave, To entertain the time with thoughts of love, Which time and thoughts so sweetly doth deceive. And that thou teachest how to make one twain, By praising him here who do
 canst not live? For having traffic with thy self alone, Thou of thy self thy sweet self dost deceive, Then how when nature calls thee to be gone,
is a merry knight. Will you go, Mynheers? SHALLOW. Have with you, mine host. PAGE. I have heard the Frenchman hath good skill in his rapier. SHALLOW. Tut, sir, I could have told you more. In these
 bleeding came from there, adding that he had been to the window not long before, and that the stains which had been observed there came doubtless from the same source. He denied st
olve the reason of the original burglary at Mr. Acton's. I understood, from something which the Colonel told us, that a lawsuit had been going on between you, Mr. Acton, and the Cunn
you? IAGO. Go to; say no more. Exit Cassio. OTHELLO. [Advancing.] How shall I murther him, Iago? IAGO. Did you perceive how he laughed at his vice? OTHELLO. O Iago!
ine shall be released and delivered over to the King her father, and she sent over of the King of England's own proper cost and char
owl, a put-tock, or a herring without a roe, I would not care; but to be Menelaus, I would conspire against destiny. Ask me not what 
e hour steals on; I pray you, sir, dispatch. ANGELO. You hear how he importunes me-the chain! ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Why, give it to my wife, and fetch your money. ANGELO. Come, come, you know I
 merited.- All friends shall taste The wages of their virtue, and all foes The cup of their deservings.- O, see, see! Lear. And my poor fool is hang'd! No, no, no life! Why should a d
scared away a comfortable and permanent home would be secured for the Barrymores. But surely such an explanation as that would be quite inadequat
d which may present itself. Into this hansom you will jump, and you will drive to the Strand end of the Lowther Arcade, handing the address to the cabman upon a slip of paper, with a request that 
he peasant, and thou shalt lie with his wife. Come to me soon at night. Ford's a knave, and I will aggravate his style; thou, Master Brook, shalt know him for knave and cuckold. Come to 
 LONGAVILLE. His leg is too big for Hector's. DUMAIN. More calf, certain. BOYET. No; he is best indued in the small. BEROWNE. This cannot be Hector. DUMAIN. He's a god or a painte
 Straker, waking at one in the morning, found that he was dressing. In reply to her inquiries, he said that he could not slee
ve your Grace, like pow'r divine, Hath look'd upon my passes. Then, good Prince, No longer session hold upon my shame, But let my trial be mine o
e nearest way. Thou wouldst be great; Art not without ambition, but without The illness should attend it. Wh
S FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1609 CYMBELINE by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae CYMBELINE, King of Britain CLOTEN, son to the Queen by a former husband POSTHUMUS LEONATUS, a gent
 have too much. If she prais'd him above, his complexion is higher than his; he having colour enough, and the other higher, is too flaming praise for a good complexio
ally I think that we are wandering rather far from the point." "Lady St. Simon, then, returned from the wedding in a less cheerful frame of mind than she had gone to it. What did
ecting, I will pay the theft. Sound a flourish. [Enter Trumpets and Kettledrums. Danish march. [Enter King, Queen, Polo
 in a single short sentence. Speaking roughly, T, A, O, I, N, S, H, R, D, and L are the numerical order in which letters occur; but T, A, O, and I are very nearly abreast of each other
ezvous in the garden instead of a visit to the house?" "Do you think a woman could go alone at that hour to a bachelor's house?" "Well, what happened when you did get
he bounds of modesty. Cap. Why, I am glad on't. This is well. Stand up. This is as't should be. Let me see the County. Ay, marry, go, I say, and fetch him hither. Now, afore God, this reveren
ady I' th' privy chamber? LOVELL. Yes, my lord. WOLSEY. Your Grace, I fear, with dancing is a little heated. KING. I fear, too much. WOLSEY. There's fresher air, m
f my eyes. LYSANDER. Ay me! for aught that I could ever read, Could ever hear by tale or history, The course of true love never did run smooth; But either it was different in blood- HERMIA. O cross!
see, a large rock which had been dislodged from the ridge upon our right clattered down and roared into the lake behind us. In an instant Holmes had raced up on to the ridge, and,
? MESSALA. Lo, yonder, and Titinius mourning it. BRUTUS. Titinius' face is upward. CATO. He is slain. BRUTUS. O Julius Caesar, thou art mighty yet! Thy spir
 plans that night?" "Mr. Sidney Johnson, the senior clerk." "Well, it is surely perfectly clear who took them away. They are actually found upon the person of this junior clerk, Cadogan West.
ring-cloth for a squire's child! Look thee here; take up, take up, boy; open't. So, let's see- it was told me I should be ri
 my hand at anything; I got among bad companions, took to drink, had no luck with my claim, took to t
, will you murder me? Thou gaoler, thou, I am thy prisoner. Wilt thou suffer them To make a rescue? OFFICER. Masters, let him go; He is my prisoner, and you shall not have him. PINCH.
y meet with charity; But I, who never knew how to entreat, Nor never needed that I should entreat, Am starv'd for meat, giddy for lack of sleep; With oaths kept
st shut up in thy brain Some horrible conceit. If thou dost love me, Show me thy thought. IAGO. My lord, you know I love you. OTHELLO. I think thou dost; And fo
nted. I'll be judgment by mine host of the Garter. HOST. Peace, I say, Gallia and Gaul, French and Welsh, soul-curer and body-curer. CAIUS. Ay, dat is very good! excellent! HOST. Pea
IEL. How now, old lad! GRUMIO. Welcome, you!- how now, you!- what, you!- fellow, you!- and thus much for greeting. Now, my spruce companions, is all ready, and all things 
 the vulgar,- O base and obscure vulgar!- videlicet, He came, saw, and overcame. He came, one; saw, two; overca
ITIZEN. He is, and feasts the nobles of the state At his house this night. CORIOLANUS. Which is his house, beseech you? CITIZEN. This here before you
 ran that night. I am reckoned fleet of foot, but he outpaced me as much as I outpaced the little professional. In front of us as we flew up the track we heard scream after scream from Sir Henry an
ISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUT
this morning he was astonished to find that his house had been burgled during the night, but that nothing had been taken save the pl
rious international complication. It was my intention to have stopped there, and to have said nothing of that event which has created a void in my life which the lapse of two years has
arbour fled Or made a toast for Neptune. Even so Doth valour's show and valour's worth divide In storms of fortune; for in her ray and brightness The herd hath more annoyance by the breeze 
m, post-post-haste dispatch. FIRST SENATOR. Here comes Brabantio and the valiant Moor. Enter Brabantio, Othello, Iago, Roderigo, and Officers. DUKE. Valiant Othello, we must straight employ you Ag
tation. ROSALINE. Why, that they have; and bid them so be gone. BOYET. She says you have it, and you may be gone. KING. Say to her we h
dgers, the medical students, she gave us a long account of their delinquencies, with their names and those of their hospitals. Holmes listene
al voice could belong to but one man in all the world. "Holmes!" I cried--"Holmes!" "Come out," said he, "and please be careful with the revolver." I stooped under the rude lintel, and t
ill so plead That you shall say my cunning drift excels. THURIO. Where meet we? PROTEUS. At Saint Gregory's well. THURIO. Farewell. Exeunt THURIO and 
 free, and fare thou well!-Please you, draw near. Exeunt EPILOGUE EPILOGUE Spoken by PROSPERO Now my cha
ld take his exercise, though very often for weeks on end he would never leave his room. He drank a great deal of brandy and smoked very heavily, but he would see no society and did 
? Her father's brother Would be her lord? Or shall I say her uncle? Or he that slew her brothers and her uncles? Under
e, and poor descent- Three things that women highly hold in hate. DUKE. Ay, but she'll think that it is spoke in hate. PROTEUS. Ay, if his enemy deliver it; Therefore it must with circumstanc
, A torment thrice three-fold thus to be crossed: Prison my heart in thy steel bosom's ward, But then my friend's heart let my poor heart bail, Whoe'er keeps me, let my heart be his guard, Tho
and mark] SCENE II. Padua. Before HORTENSIO'S house Enter PETRUCHIO and his man GRUMIO PETRUCHIO. Verona, for 
, am I poor of late? 'Tis certain, greatness, once fall'n out with fortune, Must fall out with men too. What the declin'd is
Helenus is a priest. CRESSIDA. What sneaking fellow comes yonder? TROILUS passes PANDARUS. Where? yonder? That's Deiphobus. 'Tis Troilu
ping the wagons on the road to the diggings. Black Jack of Ballarat was the name I went under, and our party is still remembered in the colony as the Ballarat Gang. "One day a gold convoy cam
 neither; but I take him to be the greater soldier. SECOND SERVANT. Faith, look you, one cannot tell how to say that; for the defence of a town our general is excellent. FIRST SERVANT. A
to a hare, or the melancholy of Moor Ditch? Fal. Thou hast the most unsavoury similes, and art indeed the most comparative, rascalliest, sweet y
 of his will. Tell me, Laertes, Why thou art thus incens'd. Let him go, Gertrude. Speak, man. Laer. Where is my father? King. Dead. Queen. But not by him! King. Let him deman
ngs, to ex-Professor Moriarty of mathematical celebrity. "He is the Napoleon of crime, Watson. He is the organizer of half that i
ou as you walk are the houses of these forgotten folk, with their graves and the huge monoliths which are supposed to have marked their temples. As you look at their gray stone hut
g Romeo? Rom. I can tell you; but young Romeo will be older when you have found him than he was when you sought him. I am the youngest of that name, 
w her. If she be a traitor, Why so am I: we still have slept together, Rose at an instant, learn'd, play'd, eat together; And wheresoe'er we went, like
less this bay with his tall ship, Make love's quick pants in Desdemona's arms, Give renew'd fire to our extincted spirits, And bring all Cyprus comfort. Enter Desdemona, Emilia
. GLOUCESTER. Nay, be not angry; I am pleas'd again. Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. My Lord Protector, 'tis his Highness' pleasure You do prepare to ride un
ARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. SCENE I. A SENATOR'S house Enter A SENATOR, with papers in his hand SENATOR. And late, five thousand. T
ith my child; Thou hast by moonlight at her window sung, With feigning voice, verses of feigning love, And stol'n the impression of her fantasy With br
 some retreat which had been already prepared. It was certain from the first, however, that they would eventually be detected, as the cook, from the e
race. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. We have receiv'd your letters, full of love; Your favours, the ambassadors of love; And, in our maiden counc
afraid of goosequills and dare scarce come thither. Ham. What, are they children? Who maintains 'em? How are they escote
short shrift; he longs to see your head. HASTINGS. O momentary grace of mortal men, Which we more hunt for than the grace of God! Who builds his hope in air of your good looks Lives like a drunken 
e vilely; I should first tell thee how the Prince, Claudio and my master, planted and placed and possessed by my master Don John, saw afar off in the orchard this amiable encount
his man Fairbairn is never to darken my door again." "Why not?" says she. "Because I order it." "Oh!" says she, "if my friends are not good enough for this house, t
esent time. CAESAR. Till which encounter It is my business too. Farewell. LEPIDUS. Farewell, my lord. What you shall know meantime 
t. "Your hiding-place, my dear Watson, was very faulty. You should have been behind the hedge; then you would have had a close vie
assumed a much more important and less innocent aspect. Here is the stone; the stone came from the goose, and the 
d with baser matter. Yes, by heaven! O most pernicious woman! O villain, villain, smiling, damned villain! My tables! Meet it is I set it down That on
ost thou make here? Shall thy old dugs once more a traitor rear? DUCHESS. Sweet York, be patient. Hear me, gentle liege. [Kneels] BOLINGBROKE. Rise up, good aunt. DUCHESS. Not yet, I thee beseech. Fo
n some form. Exeunt SCENE 2. Before LORD HASTING'S house Enter a MESSENGER to the door of HASTINGS MESSENGER. My
he bush." "You fill me with interest, I perceive that the ground has been trampled up a good deal. No doubt many feet have been here since Monday night." "A piece of matting has been 
k would have been worth a tenner each to Sam Brown and me if the treasure had been there." "Mr. Thaddeus Sholto is a rich man," I said. "He will see that you are rewarded, treasure or no.
 break my other important research for the sake of it. On Monday you will arrive early at Farnham; you will conceal
 majesty should be, what duty is, Why day is day, night is night, and time is time. Were nothing but to waste night, day, and time. Therefore, since brevity is the soul of wit, And tediousnes
ng here to us portends, Or what his death will bring us. Re-enter GUIDERIUS GUIDERIUS. Where's my brother? I have sent Cloten
y a bear Enter an old SHEPHERD SHEPHERD. I would there were no age between ten and three and twenty, or that youth would sleep out the rest; for there is nothing in the between but getting wenches w
Carthy was the only man alive who had known dad in the old days in Victoria." "Ha! In Victoria! That is
 next his heart for a favour. Enter as messenger, MONSIEUR MARCADE MARCADE. God save you, madam! PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Welcome, Marcade; But that thou interruptest our merriment. MARCADE. I am
 of it. Where lies your text? VIOLA. In Orsino's bosom. OLIVIA. In his bosom! In what chapter of his bosom? VIOLA. To answer b
ALCOLM. We shall not spend a large expense of time Before we reckon with your several loves And make us even with you. My 
k of secrecy A little I can read. ALEXAS. Show him your hand. Enter ENOBARBUS ENOBARBUS. Bring in the banquet quickly; wine enough Cleopatra's health to drink. CHARMIAN. Good, sir, give me good
was the first that lost thee. PAROLLES. It lies in you, my lord, to bring me in some grace, for you did bring me out. LAFEU. Out upon thee, knave! Dost thou put upon me at once both the 
e doubted I shall do good. EMILIA. Now be you blest for it! I'll to the Queen. Please you come something nearer. GAOLER. Madam, if't please the Queen to send the babe, I know 
ness in Oxford Street. As I passed the corner which leads from Bentinck Street on to the Welbeck Street crossing a two-horse van furiously driven whizzed round and 
xperience to their present pleasure, And so rebel to judgment. Enter a MESSENGER LEPIDUS. Here's more news. MESSENGER. Thy biddings have been done; and every hour, Most noble Caes
glass sherry, 8d.' I see nothing in that." "Very likely not. It is most important, all the same. As to the note, it is important also, or at least the initials are, so I congrat
ld he have fallen into the clutches of such a ruffian! But I am so glad that you have come, Holmes. I trust very much to your judgment and discretion, and I know that you will advise me f
 raise this present head; Whereby we stand opposed by such means As you yourself have forg'd against yourself By u
awers, Beadles, Grooms, Servants, Speaker of the Epilogue SCENE: England INDUCTION INDUCTION. Warkworth. Before NORTHUMBERLAND'S Castle Enter RUMOUR, painted full of tongues RUMOUR. Open your ea
unatic King? Speak. Glou. I have a letter guessingly set down, Which came from one that's of a neutral heart, And not from one o
we were, and at the far corner we found a policeman standing. "'A robbery has been committed,' I gasped. 'A document of immense value has been stolen from th
 into the shadows as if he feared to see some lurking danger. "If killing is murder, then God knows there is murder and to spare. But don't you dare to b
set To help me sort such needful ornaments As you think fit to furnish me to-morrow? Mother. No, not till Thursday. There is time enough. Cap. Go, nurse, go with her. We'll to church to-morrow. Exe
ES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1609 CYMBELINE by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae CYMBELINE, King of Britain CLOTEN, son to the Queen by a former husba
. These were his very words. EXTON. 'Have I no friend?' quoth he. He spake it twice And urg'd it twice together, did he not? SERVANT. He did. EXTON. And, speaking it, he wi
e, peace, Good Queen, and whet not on these furious peers; For blessed are the peacemakers on earth. CARDINAL. Let me be blessed for the peace I make Against 
he severity of the public power, Which he so sets at nought. FIRST CITIZEN. He shall well know The noble tribunes are the people's mouths, And we their hands. PLEBEIANS. He shall, sure on't. MENENIU
'll be no longer guilty, of this sin; this sanguine coward, this bed-presser, this horseback-breaker, this huge hill of flesh- Fal. 'Sblood, you starveling, you elf-skin, you dried
ll ever know of the fate of the Lone Star. THE MAN WITH THE TWISTED LIP Isa Whitney, brother of the late Elias Whitney, D.D., Principal o
MIO. Knock at the gate? O heavens! Spake you not these words plain: 'Sirrah knock me here, rap me here, knock me well, and knock me soundly'? And come you now with 'knocking at t
in your presence." "Why in my presence, sir?" "In case he wished to ask any questions." "What is the use of asking me questions w
 Besides the applause and approbation The which, [To AGAMEMNON] most mighty, for thy place and sway, [To NESTOR] And, thou most reverend, for thy stretch'd
any sort was to be found in the room. On the table lay two bank-notes for ten pounds each and seventeen pounds ten in silver an
Do, and be witness to't. POLIXENES. And this my neighbour too? FLORIZEL. And he, and more Than he, and men- the earth, the heavens, and all: That, were
nt, i' faith! Things that are mouldy lack use. Very singular good! In faith, well said, Sir John; very well said. FALSTAFF. Pric
r Doth speak of you, his cheek looks pale, and with A rising sigh he wisheth you in heaven. Hot. And you in hell, as oft as he hears Owen Glendower spoke of. Glend. I cannot 
 half mad when you came up with us. However, there's no good grieving over it. I've had ups in my life, and I've had downs, but I've learned not to cry over spilled milk." "This is a
 him. DUKE. So then, it seems, your most offenceful act Was mutually committed. JULIET. Mutually. DUKE. Then was your sin of heavier kind than his. JULIET. I do confess it, and repent it, father. DU
nns, and when be married. But here she comes; :Lnd.now, Petruchio, speak. Enter KATHERINA Good morrow, Kate- for that's your name, I hear. KATHERINA. Well have you heard, but something h
y By thee was punched full of deadly holes. Think on the Tower and me. Despair, and die. Harry the Sixth bids thee despair and die. [To RICHMOND] Virtuous and holy, be thou c
s forefinger, as a pancake for Shrove Tuesday, a morris for Mayday, as the nail to his hole, the cuckold to his horn, as a scolding quean to a wrangling knave, as t
SHYLOCK. Is that the law? PORTIA. Thyself shalt see the act; For, as thou urgest justice, be assur'd Thou shalt have justice, mor
 when their deaths be near, No news but health from their physicians know. For if I should despair I should grow mad, And in my madness might speak 
May plod it in a week, why may not I Glide thither in a day? Then, true Pisanio- Who long'st like me to see thy lord, who long'st- O, let me 'bate!
, a cat, a fitchew, a toad, a lizard, an owl, a put-tock, or a herring without a roe, I would not care; but to be Menelaus, I would 
' the milk of human kindness To catch the nearest way. Thou wouldst be great; Art not without ambition, but without The illness should attend it. W
ARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE: England and France ACT I. SCENE 1 KING JOHN's palace Enter KING JOHN, QUEEN ELINOR, PEMBROKE, ESSEX, SALISBURY, and others,
ened his practice declined, until when I purchased it from him it had sunk from twelve hundred to little more than three hundred a year. I had confidence, however, in
r true sword drawn, Oppos'd to hinder me, should stop my way, But by my ruin. Re-enter CASSANDRA, with PRIAM CASSANDRA. Lay hold upon him, 
nto one gray curtain, a dead monotone of colour, broken only by the sharp yellow squares of the windows and the blurred haloes of the gas-lamps. As we pee
n before they should get ahead of him. Of course, I could not say that he had not found the pearl in Harker's bust. I had not even concluded for certain that it was the pearl; bu
ERIUS and ARVIRAGUS How hard it is to hide the sparks of nature! These boys know little they are sons to th' King, Nor Cymbeline dreams that they are al
orwards to get a nearer view of the person who was watching me. But as I did so the face suddenly disappeared, so suddenly that it seemed to have been plucked away into
I knew that I had been drugged. In a sort of dream I remember being half-led, half-carried to the carriage; in the same state I was conveyed to the train. Only then, when the wheels were almost m
never guess what it was. It was my coil of hair. "I took it up and examined it. It was of the same peculiar tint, and the same thickness. B
uaintance are dead! SILENCE. We shall all follow, cousin. SHALLOW. Certain, 'tis certain; very sure, very sure. Death, a
ind it, Dauphin, do not doubt. Exeunt SCENE 3. England. The field of battle Alarums. Enter KING JOHN and HUBERT KING JOHN. How goes the day with us? O, tell me, Hubert. HUBERT. Badly, I fear. How
 should I not? Doth he not deserve well? Enter DUKE FREDERICK, with LORDS ROSALIND. Let me love him for that; and do you love him because I do. Look, here comes the Duke. CELIA. With his e
male ear which I had just inspected. The matter was entirely beyond coincidence. There was the same shortening of the pinna, the same bro
was sitting, fully dressed, in an easy-chair, with a slip of paper which looked like a map upon his knee, and his forehead sunk forward upon his hand in deep
From my house--if I had it-- Pedro. The sixth of July. Your loving friend, Benedick. Bene. Nay, mock not, mock not. The body of your discourse is sometime guar
ing ape than a human being,' said she, 'and he always was, ever since he was a young man.' "'You knew him at that time?' said I. "'Yes, I knew him well; in fact, he was an old suitor of mine. T
 my lords. Exeunt ACT IV. SCENE 4. Troy. PANDARUS' house Enter PANDARUS and CRESSIDA PANDARUS. Be moderate, be moderate. CRESSIDA. Why tell you me of moderation? Th
hy name? IMOGEN. Fidele, sir. LUCIUS. Thou dost approve thyself the very same; Thy name well fits thy faith, thy faith thy name. Wilt take thy chance with me? I will not say Thou s
in earnest, how came Falstaff's sword so hack'd? Peto. Why, he hack'd it with his dagger, and said he would swear truth out of England but he would make you believe it was done in fight, and pers
do pardon whosoever pray, More sins for this forgiveness prosper may. This fest'red joint cut off, the rest rest sound; This let alone will all the rest confound. Enter DUCHESS DUCHESS. 
sir. ESCALUS. Troth, and your bum is the greatest thing about you; so that, in the beastliest sense, you are Pompey the Great. Pompey, you are partly a bawd, Pompey, howsoever you colour it i
 well. Were we before our arinies, and to fight, I should do thus. [Flourish] CAESAR. Welcome to Rome. ANTONY. Thank you. CAESAR. Sit. ANTONY. Sit, 
ut I was always oppressed with a sense of my own stupidity in my dealings with Sherlock Holmes. Here I had heard what he had heard, I had seen what he 
t's to another woman," she cried. "I know it! Why else should you hold it from me? Was it to your wife that you were writing? How am I to know that you are not a married man--you
 from this good deputy? ISABELLA. He hath a garden circummur'd with brick, Whose western side is with a vineyard back'd; And to that vineyard is a planched 
roth, I think I should, and undo't when I had done. Marry, I would not do such a thing for a joint-ring, nor for measures of lawn, nor for g
k with a man out at a window!-a proper saying! Bene. Nay but Beatrice-- Beat. Sweet Hero! she is wrong'd, she is sland'red, she is undone. Bene. Beat
ntly and laughs it out. IAGO. Do you hear, Cassio? OTHELLO. Now he importunes him To tell it o'er. Go to; well said, well said. IAGO. She gives it out that you shall marry her. Do yo
own, What dreadful noise of waters in my ears, What sights of ugly death within my eyes! Methoughts I saw a thousand fearful wrecks, A thousand m
 the other said, hoarsely. "I have had no time for bite or sup for eight-and-forty hours." He flung himself upon the cold meat and bread which were still lying upon the t
lague sore, an embossed carbuncle In my corrupted blood. But I'll not chide thee. Let shame come when it will, I do not call it. I do not bid the Thunder-bearer shoo
 pray'd me To make great haste. All fast? What means this? Ho! Who waits there? Sure you know me? Enter KEEPER KEEPER. Yes, my lord; But yet I cannot help you. CRANMER. Why? KEEPER. Your Grace mus
my condition, Which hath been smooth as oil, soft as young down, And therefore lost that title of respect Which the proud soul ne'er pays but to the proud. Wor. Our house, my soverei
 he was shaking the dying man, and it was all that I could do to hold myself quiet in my hiding-place. "You must hear me. You shall hear me. Do you re
, gentle Somerset; sweet Oxford, thanks. PRINCE OF WALES. And take his thanks that yet hath nothing else. Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. Prepare you, lords, for Edward is at hand Ready to fi
ill I, sir; and for that I promis'd you, I'll be as good as my word. He will bear you easily and reins well. FIRST OFFICER. This is the man; do thy office. SECOND OFFICER. Antonio, I ar
interested Lucy as well as her father. He had been a pioneer in California, and could narrate many a strange tale of fortunes made and fortunes lost in
 up and down; all swearing if The Roman ladies bring not comfort home They'll give him death by inches. Enter another MESSENGER SICINIUS. What's the news? SECOND MESSENGER. Good new
de to the others] Master Guest, and Master Page, and eke Cavaleiro Slender, go you through the town to Frogmore. PAGE. [Aside] Sir Hugh is there, is he? HOST. [Aside] He is there. See w
] My Ariel, chick, That is thy charge. Then to the elements Be free, and fare thou well!-Please you, draw near. Exeunt EPILOGUE EPILOGUE 
ely, good Reynaldo, Before You visit him, to make inquire Of his behaviour. Rey. My lord, I did intend it. Pol. Marry, well said, very well said. Look you, sir, E
 his very action speaks In every power that moves. THYREUS. Caesar, I shall. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_13 SCENE XIII. Alexandria. CLEOPATRA'S palace Enter CLEOPATRA, EN
he was quite a common-looking person. I hardly noticed his appearance. But really I think that we are wandering rather far from the point." "Lady St. Simon, then, returned from the wedding in a
 emulous factions and bleed to death upon. Now the dry serpigo on the subject, and war and lechery confound all! Exit Enter AGAMEMNON, ULYSSES, NESTOR, DIOMEDES, AJAX, and CALCHAS AGAMEMNON. 
arelessly together. By the table, in a wooden arm-chair, the master of the house was seated all in a heap, with his head sunk upon his left shoulder, and that ghastly, inscrutable smile upon his fa
ing else but mad? But let that go. Queen. More matter, with less art. Pol. Madam, I swear I use no art at all. That he is mad, 'tis true: 'tis true 'tis pity;
s heart That doth not wish you joy. GONZALO. Be it so. Amen! Re-enter ARIEL, with the MASTER and BOATSWAIN amazedly following O look, sir; look, sir! He
ut, it would be good-bye to any chance of getting these fields and carrying out our plans. That is why I have made you promise me that you will not tell a human being that you are going t
e crack'd in pieces by malignant death, And I for comfort have but one false glass, That grieves me when I see my shame in him. Thou art a widow, yet thou art a mot
ce; their conceits have wings, Fleeter than arrows, bullets, wind, thought, swifter things. ROSALINE. Not one word more, my maids; break off, break off. BEROWNE. By heaven, all dry-beaten with 
to mine enemy. By this time, had the King permitted us, One of our souls had wand'red in the air, Banish'd this frail sepulchre of our flesh, As now our flesh is b
AGO. Do, with like timorous accent and dire yell As when, by night and negligence, the fire Is spied in populous cities. RODERIGO. What, ho, Brabantio! Signior Brabantio, ho! IAGO. Awake!
 man, the care on't. I hope I dream; For so I thought I was a cave-keeper, And cook to honest creatures. But 'tis not so; 'Twas but a bolt of nothing, shot at nothing, Which the brain
with worms, and my poor name Banish'd the kingdom! Patience, is that letter I caus'd you write yet sent away? PATIENCE. No, madam. [Giving it to KATHARINE] KATHARINE. 
oud of newspapers until at last, saturated with the news of the day, I tossed them all aside and lay listless, watching the huge crest and monogram upon the envelope upon the table and wonde
t he came to, and he hid behind the curtain. There he remained until past eleven at night. At that time Mr. Douglas entered the room. It was a short interview, if there were any interview at
ee. Come, neighbour Mugs, we'll call up the gentlemen. They will along with company, for they have great charge. Exeunt [Carriers]. Gads. What, ho! chamberlain! Enter Chamberlain. Cham. At hand, 
 SYRACUSE. Because it is a blessing that he bestows on beasts, and what he hath scanted men in hair he hath given them in wit. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Why
 THE SIXTH by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae KING HENRY THE SIXTH HUMPHREY, DUKE OF GLOUCESTER, his uncle CARDINAL BEAUFORT, BISHOP OF WINCHESTER, g
 roar you as gently as any sucking dove; I will roar you an 'twere any nightingale. QUINCE. You can play no part but Pyramus;
e thee withal; For ere the glass that now begins to run Finish the process of his sandy hour, These eyes that see thee now well coloured Shall see thee withered, bloody, pale, and dead. [Drum afar
on his head, bearing a long white wand, as High Steward. With him, the DUKE OF NORFOLK, with the rod of marshalship, a coronet on his head. Collars of Esses
our Majesty. KING HENRY. It was ourself thou didst abuse. WILLIAMS. Your Majesty came not like yourself: y
. I am sure thou dost. DROMIO OF EPHESUS. Ay, sir, but I am sure I do not; and whatsoever a man denies, you are now boun
. Perchance she weeps because they kill'd her husband; Perchance because she knows them innocent. TITUS. If they did kill thy husband, then be joyful, Because 
, Polydore, thou hadst not done't! though valour Becomes thee well enough. ARVIRAGUS. Would I had done't, So the revenge alone pursu'd me! Polydore, I love the
r ten miles and sloping gradually upwards. Here, at one side of this wilderness, is Holdernesse Hall, ten miles by road, but only six ac
n your waist, mistress, were as slender as my wit, One o' these maids' girdles for your waist should be fit. Are not you the chief woman? You are the thickest here. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. What'
e. I will not love; if I do, hang me. I' faith, I will not. O, but her eye! By this light, but for her eye, I would not love her- yes, for her two eyes. Well, I do nothing in the
et Sir Andrew! AGUECHEEK. Bless you, fair shrew. MARIA. And you too, sir. SIR TOBY. Accost, Sir Andrew,
dy they have begun to sell part of it, which seems safe enough to them, since they have no reason to think that anyone is interested in the lady's fate. When she is released she will, of course, de
nt? PROVOST. Most manifest, and not denied by himself. DUKE. Hath he borne himself penitently in prison? How seems he to be touch'd? PROVOST. A man th
hy, all these should be in the lantern; for all these are in the moon. But silence; here comes Thisby. Re-enter THISBY THISBY. This is o
way from the ship last night. I had it from the stevedore who has been loading their cargo. By the time that their sailing-ship reaches Savannah the mail-boa
ill. SILVIUS. O Corin, that thou knew'st how I do love her! CORIN. I partly guess; for I have lov'd ere now. SILVIUS. No, Corin, being old, thou canst 
day? AENEAS. That Paris is returned home, and hurt. TROILUS. By whom, Aeneas? AENEAS. Troilus, by Menelaus. TROILUS. Let Paris bleed: 'tis but a scar to scor
tly? CASSIUS. I do not think it good. BRUTUS. Your reason? CASSIUS. This it is: 'Tis better that the enemy seek us; So shall he waste his means, weary his
ere? ORLANDO. Nothing; I am not taught to make any thing. OLIVER. What mar you then, sir? ORLANDO. Marry, sir, I am helping you to mar 
ENCE CLARENCE. Doth the King call? WARWICK. What would your Majesty? How fares your Grace? KING. Why did you leave me here alone, my lords? CLARENCE. We left the Prince my brother here, my 
LIA. My husband? OTHELLO. What needs this iteration, woman? I say thy husband. EMILIA. O mistress, villainy hath made mocks with love! My husband say that she was false! OTHELL
uls) give thee that due, Uttering bare truth, even so as foes commend. Thy outward thus with outward praise is crowned, But those same tongues that give thee so thine own, In other accen
hand. Tell him I am prompt To lay my crown at 's feet, and there to kneel. Tell him from his all-obeying breath I hear The doom of Egypt. THYREUS. 'Tis your noblest course. Wisdom and for
m. Our general himself makes a mistress of him, sanctifies himself with's hand, and turns up the white o' th' eye to his discourse. But the bottom of the news is, our general is cut
ll do that when you are dispos'd to be merry; I will laugh like a hyen, and that when thou are inclin'd to sleep. ORLANDO. But wil
ither. SPEED. What, are they broken? LAUNCE. No, they are both as whole as a fish. SPEED. Why then, how stands the matter with
. This Sir John, cousin, that comes hither anon about soldiers? SHALLOW. The same Sir John, the very sam
ft her more than a few minutes when she heard the shot." "The candle shows that," said Holmes. "Exactly. The candle, which was a new one, is not burned more than half an inch. He 
ARDOLPH FALSTAFF. Bardolph, I say! BARDOLPH. Here, sir. FALSTAFF. Go fetch me a quart of sack; put a toast i
entine? PAROLLES. Ay, and the Captain of his Horse, Count Rousillon. FIRST SOLDIER. I'll whisper with the General, and know his pleasure. PAROLLES. [A
Between my father and my mother lay, As I have heard my father speak himself, When this same lusty gentleman was got. Upon his deat
ied out that they should put the hounds upon her. Whereat Hugo ran from the house, crying to his grooms that they 
int you where you shall have such receiving As shall become your Highness; where you may Enjoy your mistress, from the whom, I see, There's no disjunction to be made but by, As heavens forfend! y
ood hap. BEROWNE. Is she wedded or no? BOYET. To her will, sir, or so. BEROWNE. You are welcome, sir; adieu! BOYET. Farewell to me,
 knew nothing more until I read of this horrible affair in the morning." "Anything more that you would like to ask, Mr. Holm
be saved. OTHELLO. Is't possible? DESDEMONA. O, heaven forgive us! OTHELLO. I cry you mercy then; I took you for that cunning whore of Venice That married with Othello. [Raises his voice.] Yo
ith haste in his eyesight to be; All senses to that sense did make their repair, To feel only looking on fairest of fair. Methought all his senses were lock'd in his eye, As j
 and I will sing it in the latter end of a play, before the Duke. Peradventure, to make it the more gracious, I shall sing it at her death. Ex
IR TOBY. A contagious breath. AGUECHEEK. Very sweet and contagious, i' faith. SIR TOBY. To hear by the nose, it is dulcet in co
r not, man; here's no harm intended to thee. AUTOLYCUS. I am a poor fellow, sir. CAMILLO. Why, be so still; here's nobody will steal that from thee. Yet for the outside
nd the splash of the rain to lengthen out into the long swash of the sea waves. My wife was on a visit to her mother's, and for a few days I was a d
my answers. BASSANIO. Do all men kill the things they do not love? SHYLOCK. Hates any man the thing he would not kill? BASSANIO. Every offence is not a hate at first. SHYLOCK. Wha
rganization which I deduced, Watson, and which I devoted my whole energy to exposing and breaking up. "But the Professor was fenced round with s
 beggars any man that keeps it. It is turn'd out of towns and cities for a dangerous thing; and every man that means to li
inois, and He made the Missouri," the little girl continued. "I guess somebody else made the country in these parts. It's not nearly so well done. They forgot the water and the trees." "W
e lacking the burden of lean and wasteful learning, the other knowing no burden of heavy tedious penury. These Time ambles
the sun moved round the earth or the earth round the sun. Let me, therefore, return to the facts concerning Sir Henry Bas
has never been transfixed. This long screw would have transfixed it and drawn it with a single pull. When you catch this fellow you will find that he has one of the
take her hence. PAULINA. A most unworthy and unnatural lord Can do no more. LEONTES. I'll ha' thee burnt. PAULINA. I care not. It is an her
rth ten pounds. SHALLOW. And is old Double dead? Enter BARDOLPH, and one with him SILENCE. Here come two of Sir John Falstaffs men, as I think. SHALLOW. Good morrow, honest gent
. Lose the tide, and the voyage, and the master, and the service, and the tied! Why, man, if the river were dry
y, sir. When by no means he could- Glou. Pursue him, ho! Go after. [Exeunt some Servants]. By no means what? Edm. Persuade me to the murther of your lordship; But that I to
 compounded on. AUFIDIUS. Read it not, noble lords; But tell the traitor in the highest degree He hath abus'd your powers. CORIOLANUS. Traitor! How now? AUFIDIUS. Ay, traitor, Marcius. CORIOLA
or French. It is introspective, and I want to introspect. Come along!" We travelled by the Underground as far as Aldersgate; and
ill you think so? OTHELLO. Think so, Iago? IAGO. What, To kiss in private? OTHELLO. An unauthorized 
 one of the lions; when you fasted, it was presently after dinner; when you look'd sadly, it was for want of money. 
 justly weigh'd What wrongs our arms may do, what wrongs we suffer, And find our griefs heavier than our offences. We see which way the stream of time doth run A
 CASSIUS. No more. Good night. Early tomorrow will we rise and hence. BRUTUS. Lucius! Re-enter Lucius. My gown. Exit Lucius. Farewell, good Messala; Good night, Titinius; no
d a year." "Then how could he buy--" "Quite so! How could he?" "Ay, that's remarkable," said the inspector thoughtfully. "Talk away, Mr. 
ty of her person to the people. Believe me, sir, she is the goodliest woman That ever lay by man; which when the people Had the full view of, such a noise arose As the shrouds make at sea in a st
 out of countenance. BEROWNE. Because thou hast no face. HOLOFERNES. What is this? BOYET. A cittern-head. DUMAIN. The head of a bodkin. BEROWNE. A death's face in a ring. LONGAVILLE.
with MONTJOY EXETER. Soldier, you must come to the King. KING HENRY. Soldier, why wear'st thou that glove in thy cap? WILLIAMS. An't p
on me, dear Rosalind. ROSALIND. Nay, an you be so tardy, come no more in my sight. I had as lief be woo'd of a snail. ORLANDO. Of a snail! ROSALIND. Ay
apology: I do beseech your Grace to pardon me, Who, earnest in the service of my God, Deferr'd the visitation of my friends. But, leaving this, what is your Grace's p
. Come, the full stop. SOLANIO. Ha! What sayest thou? Why, the end is, he hath lost a ship. SALERIO. I would it might prove the end of his losses. SOLANIO. Let me say amen betimes, le
 But as for Caesar, Kneel down, kneel down, and wonder. AGRIPPA. Both he loves. ENOBARBUS. They are h
s would probably never have been aroused." Hall Pycroft shook his clinched hands in the air. "Good Lord!" he cried, "while I have been fooled in this way, what has this ot
NG HENRY, leaning on the CARDINAL'S shoulder, the NOBLES, and SIR THOMAS LOVELL, with others. The CARDINAL places himself under the KING'S feet on his right side KING. My lif
breath? The excuse that thou dost make in this delay Is longer than the tale thou dost excuse. Is thy news good or bad? Answer to that. Say either, and I'll stay the circumstance. Let me be sa
 you're pow'rfull at it. MAMILLIUS. There was a man- HERMIONE. Nay, come, sit down; then on. MAMILLIUS
 Imploring pardon. Enter GLOUCESTER GLOUCESTER. My liege! KING HENRY. My brother Gloucester's voice? Ay; I know thy errand, I will go with thee; The day, my friends, and all things, s
e fields, it pleaseth me well; but in respect it is not in the court, it is tedious. As it is a spare life, look you, it fits my humour well; but as there is no more plenty in it, it goes much aga
ce make that be believed. PAROLLES. I would I had any drum of the enemy's; I would swear I recover'd it. SECOND LORD. You shall hear one anon. [Alarum within] PAROLLES. A drum now
he wants anything else he prints it on a slip of paper and leaves it." "Prints it?" "Yes, sir; prints it in pencil.
e have it." "Do you think that this man Horner is innocent?" "I cannot tell." "Well, then, do you imagine that this other one, Henry Baker, had anything to do with the matter?" "It is, I 
to desert my comrades? If you could see how things stand with me you could never ask it of me. Besides, if I wanted to, how could I do it? You don't suppose that the lodge would let
our head, nor no money in your purse? Your eyes are in a heavy case, your purse in a light. Yet you see how this world goes. Glou. I see it feelingly. Lear. What, a
st know all." "Not at all. They know all they see at Godolphin Street. They know--and shall know--nothing of Whi
ites of King Richard BAGOT - " " " " GREEN - " " " " EARL OF NORTHUMBERLAND HENRY PERCY, surnamed HOTSPU
ll you practise them on me. CASSIUS. You love me not. BRUTUS. I do not like your faults. CASSIUS. A friendly eye coul
sheep-shearing feast? Three pound of sugar, five pound of currants, rice- what will this sister of mine do with rice? But my father hath made her mistress
ster service than to meddle with thy mistress. Thou prat'st and prat'st; serve with thy trencher; hence! [Beats him away] 
 it is like a coal of fire, sometimes plue and sometimes red; but his nose is executed and his fire's out. KING HENRY. We wo
and Murder'd her kinsman. O, tell me, friar, tell me, In what vile part of this anatomy Doth my name lodge? Tell me, that I may sack The hateful mansion. [Draws his dagger.] Friar. Hold t
the same high, shining head, the same circular bristle of red hair, the same bloodless countenance. The features were set, however, in a horrible smile, a fixed and unnatural grin, which in 
nt the Prince and Peto.] Enter Sheriff and the Carrier. Now, Master Sheriff, what is your will with me? Sher. First, pardon me, my lord. A 
LIA. How now! Back, friends; shepherd, go off a little; go with him, sirrah. TOUCHSTONE. Come, shepherd, let us make an honourable retreat; though not with bag and
ive until he be a man. BASSANIO. Sweet doctor, you shall be my bedfellow; When I am absent, then lie with my wife. ANTONIO. Sweet lady, you have given me life and livi
ozening the devil. Poins. But, my lads, my lads, to-morrow morning, by four o'clock early, at Gadshill! There are pilgrims gong to Canterbury with rich offerings, and traders rid
untry down in Illinois, and He made the Missouri," the little girl continued. "I guess somebody else made the cou
neighbourhood. CANTERBURY. She hath been then more fear'd than harm'd, my liege; For hear her but exampled by herself: When all her chivalry hath been in France, An
my new mistress's brother. Enter ROSALIND, reading a paper ROSALIND. 'From the east to western Inde, No jewel is like Rosalinde. Her worth, being mounted on the wind, Through all th
ld you did but see how it chafes, how it rages, how it takes up the shore! But that's not to the point. O, the most piteous cry of the poor souls! Sometimes to see 'em,
said I. "When do we start?" "You are not coming." "Then you are not going," said I. "I give you my word of honour--and I never broke it in my life
eyes roll so. Why I should fear I know not, Since guiltiness I know not; but yet I feel I fear. OTHELLO. Think on thy sins. D
ith much cherishing. Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, That I shall say good night till it be morrow. [Exit.] Rom. Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast
rutiny, he proceeded slowly down the path, or rather down the fringe of grass which flanked the path, keeping his eyes riveted upon the ground. T
r our sheep-shearing feast? Three pound of sugar, five pound of currants, rice- what will this sister of mine do with rice? But my fathe
I cannot!' I answered sharply. 'I have been far too generous with you in money matters.' "'You have been very kind,' said he, 'but I must 
efore the King? [Draws his sword.] Draw, you rogue! for, though it be night, yet the moon shines. I'll make a sop o' th' moonshine o' you. Draw, you whore
rrymore exactly as directed." "Who delivered it?" "My boy here. James, you delivered that telegram to Mr. Barrymore at the Hall 
rms. CONSTANCE. O, take his mother's thanks, a widow's thanks, Till your strong hand shall help to give him strength To make a more requital to y
 treasure-seekers. You must remember that they were six years looking for it. No wonder that the grounds look like a gravel-pit." At that moment the door of the house burst open, and Thaddeu
rloo to meet Sir Henry Baskerville." "And then?" "And then you will say nothing to him at all until I have made up my mind about the matter." "How long will it take you to make up 
 of good King Edward's death? SECOND CITIZEN. Ay, sir, it is too true; God help the while! THIRD CITIZEN. Then, masters, look to see a
n justice and true right express it! CLIFFORD. My soul and body on the action both! YORK. A dreadful lay! Address thee instantly. [They fight and CLIFFORD falls] CLIFFORD. La fin couron
my master knew she was Margaret; and partly by his oaths, which first possess'd them, partly by the dark night, which did deceive them, but chiefly by my vi
idens of the villagery, Skim milk, and sometimes labour in the quern, And bootless make the breathless housewife churn, And sometime make the d
e time. Exeunt Othello and Desdemona. RODERIGO. Iago! IAGO. What say'st thou, noble heart? RODERIGO. What will I do,
th my silks, And, in a word, but even now worth this, And now worth nothing? Shall I have the thought To think on this, and shall I lack the thou
ck's head, and rises Enter PAGE, FORD, MISTRESS PAGE, MISTRESS FORD, and SIR HUGH EVANS PAGE. Nay, do not fly; I think we have watch'd you now. Will 
oubt. It's a hanging matter this time." "Sir Eustace is dead, then?" "Yes; his head was knocked in with his own poker." "Sir Eus
ore question. How did your mother take the matter?" "She was angry, and said that I was never to speak of the matter again." "And your father? Did you tell him?" "Yes
or a husband'? None, I think, an it be the right husband and the right wife. Otherwise 'tis light, and not heavy. Ask my Lady Beatrice else. Here she comes. 
nd then withdraw quietly with everything which you are likely to want into the room which you used to occupy. I have no doubt t
to buy for our sheep-shearing feast? Three pound of sugar, five pound of currants, rice- what will this sister of mine do with rice? But my fa
 aught with me? GOBBO. Here's my son, sir, a poor boy- LAUNCELOT. Not a poor boy, sir, but the rich Jew's man, that would, sir, as my father shall specify- GOBBO. He hath a great infection, sir, as 
 rush at the Tower gates, and WOODVILLE the Lieutenant speaks within] WOODVILLE. [Within] What noise is this? What traitors have we here? GLOUCESTER. Lieutenant, is it y
at him; that I drave my suitor from his mad humour of love to a living humour of madness; which was, to forswear the full stream of the world and to live in a nook
ven send thee good fortune! [Exit FENTON] A kind heart he hath; a woman would run through fire and water for such a kind heart. But yet I would my master had Mistress Anne; or I would Ma
larity of the two corridors it became clear that she might very easily have made such a mistake, and in that case it was evident that she must have entered the 
ff. [Exeunt Manent the Prince and Peto.] Enter Sheriff and the Carrier. Now, Master Sheriff, what is your w
nd lowly taught. I know my business is but to the court. COUNTESS. To the court! Why, what place make you special, 
cry you mercy. Give your worship good morrow. FALSTAFF. Take away these chalices. Go, brew me a pottle of sack finely. BARDOLPH. With eggs, sir? FALSTAFF. Simple of itself; I'll no 
that they wait not here? Open the gates; 'tis Gloucester that calls. FIRST WARDER. [Within] Who's there that knocks so imperiously? FIRST SERVING-MAN. It is the noble Duke of Gloucester. SECOND 
. PANTHINO. In thy tail! LAUNCE. Lose the tide, and the voyage, and the master, and the service, and the tied! Why, man, if the rive
elicacy in his bearing. The streaming umbrella which he held in his hand, and his long shining waterproof told of the fierce weather through which he had c
hat is your good pleasure with me? BARDOLPH. My captain, sir, commends him to you; my captain, Sir John Falstaff- a tall gentleman, by heaven, and a most gallant leader. SHALLOW. He greets
sia. Educated Eton and Oxford. Served in Jowaki Campaign, Afghan Campaign, Charasiab (despatches), Sherpur, and Cabul. Author of Heavy Game of the Western Himalayas, 1881; Three Month
awed-off shot-guns and clumsy six-shooters. You can tell an old master by the sweep of his brush. I can tell a Moriarty when I see one. This crime is 
 marriage ring from her dead finger, and I vowed that his dying eyes should rest upon that very ring, and that his last thoughts should be of the crime f
It is not meet you know how Caesar loved you. You are not wood, you are not stones, but men; And, being me
never may. Exit SCENE II. Bohemia. The palace of POLIXENES Enter POLIXENES and CAMILLO POLIXENES. I pray thee, good Camillo, be no more
still. GLOUCESTER. Come, Warwick, take the time; kneel down, kneel down. Nay, when? Strike now, or else the iron cools. 
red me in the affirmative. "'No doubt you are the gentleman whom he was expecting,' they said. 'He has been waiting for a gentleman for two days.' "'Where is he now?' I asked. "'He is upsta
ping the hides and hips, The gum down-roping from their pale-dead eyes, And in their pale dull mouths the gimmal'd bit Lies foul with chaw'
here's mischief in this man. Canst thou say further? SURVEYOR. I can, my liege. KING. Proceed. SURVEYOR. Being at Greenwich, After your Highness had reprov'd the Duke A
Ay, God Almighty help me! SUFFOLK. How cam'st thou so? SIMPCOX. A fall off of a tree. WIFE. A plum tree, master. GLOUCESTER. How long hast thou been blind? SIMPCOX. O, born so, master
 terms it, Shall lose the royalty of England's throne. BUCKINGHAM. Withdraw yourself awhile; I'll go with you. Exeunt GLOUCESTER and BUCKINGHAM DERBY. We have not yet set down th
s that heaven will take our souls, And plague injustice with the pains of hell. BOLINGBROKE. My Lord Northumberland, see them dispatch'd. Exeunt NORTHUMBERLAND, and others, with the prisoners Uncle,
se this paper, madam. JULIA. 'To Julia'- Say, from whom? LUCETTA. That the contents will show. JULIA. Say, say, who gave it thee? LUCETTA. Sir Valentine's page; and sent, I think, from Proteu
an't say what turn things are going to take. Kindly sign the paper where Mr. Fordham shows you.' "I signed the paper as directed, and the
eart. But, soft, my door is lock'd; go bid them let us in. DROMIO OF EPHESUS. Maud, Bridget, Marian, Cicely, Gillian, Ginn! DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. [Within] Mome, malt-horse, capon, coxcomb, idiot, pat
s hereafter. Clock strikes. BRUTUS. Peace, count the clock. CASSIUS. The clock hath stricken three. TREBONIUS. 'Tis time to part. CASSIUS. But it is doubtful yet Whether Caesar will com
ring his accomplice. The lady's story certainly seems to be corroborated, if it needed corroboration, by every detail which we see 
ntinued to stare into the street. More than once he fidgeted with his feet and tapped rapidly with his fingers upon the wall. It was evident to me that he was bec
 lids Seek for thy noble father in the dust. Thou know'st 'tis common. All that lives must die, Passing through nature to eternity. Ham. Ay, madam, it is common. Queen. If it b
utside. A short walk across the moor took us to the hollow in which the body had been found. At the brink of it was the furze-bush upon which the
the matin to be near And gins to pale his uneffectual fire. Adieu, adieu, adieu! Remember me. Exit. Ham. O all you host of heaven! O earth! What else? And shall I cou
shipp'd, Commit them to the fortune of the sea. Exeunt all but WINCHESTER and the LEGATE WINCHESTER. Stay, my Lord Legate; you shall f
this matter, Cowper. I conjure you by everything you hold dear to answer a few questions. We have always been friends. For God's sake, don't refuse to answer 
hed arms, Yet parted but the shadow with his hand. What, was it you that would be England's king? Was't you that revell'
 NYM. I have operations in my head which be humours of revenge. PISTOL. Wilt thou revenge? NYM. By welkin and her star! PISTOL. With wit
hen accounted ill; Thus will I save my credit in the shoot: Not wounding, pity would not let me do't; If wounding, then it was to show my skil
 he's winding up the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike. GONZALO. Sir- SEBASTIAN. One-Tell. GONZALO. When every grief is entertain'd that's offer'd, Comes to
d with reason, I must die. DUKE SENIOR. What would you have? Your gentleness shall force More than your force move us to gentleness.
t what they do. KING HENRY. Then, good my lord, teach your cousin to consent winking. BURGUNDY. I will wink on her to consent, my lord, if you will 
waking no such matter. 88 When thou shalt be disposed to set me light, And place my merit in the eye of scorn, Upon thy side, against my self I'll fight, And prove thee virtuous, though thou art for
 SALISBURY. Not till I sheathe it in a murderer's skin. HUBERT. Stand back, Lord Salisbury, stand back, I say; By heaven, I think my sword's 
thy. He calls attention, and with reason, to the discrepancy about his father having signalled to him before seeing him, also to his refusal to give details of his conversation with his father, and h
at five hundred pound a year! ROBERT. My gracious liege, when that my father liv'd, Your brother did employ my father much- BASTARD. Well, sir, by this you cannot get my land: Your tale
o wrong, but every thing is right. RICHARD. Whoever got thee, there thy mother stands; For well I wot thou hast thy mother's tongu
 no further. TOUCHSTONE. For my part, I had rather bear with you than bear you; yet I should bear no cross if I did bear you; for I think you have no money in your purse. ROSALIND. Well,. this i
RIN. Here comes young Master Ganymede, my new mistress's brother. Enter ROSALIND, reading a paper ROSALIND. 'From the east to western Inde, No jewel is like R
 it already?" "Well, that would be too much to say. I have discovered a suggestive fact, that is all. It is, however, very suggestive. The details are stil
ll fill'd up with guts and midriff. Charge an honest woman with picking thy pocket? Why, thou whoreson, impudent, emboss'd rascal, if there were anything in thy pocket but tavern reckon
im for ransom might be concocted." "These theories take no account of the telegram." "Quite true, Watson. The telegram still remains the only solid thing 
oyalty lowe, In doing it, pays itself. Your Highness' part Is to receive our duties, and our duties Are to your throne and state, children and servants, Which do but what they sho
a man; and though his affections are higher mounted than ours, yet, when they stoop, they stoop with the like wing. Therefore, when he sees reason of fears, as we do, his fears, out of d
ea, then?" "It seemed to me to be obvious that this Greek girl had been carried off by the young Englishman named Harold Latimer." "Carried off from where?" "Athens, perhaps." Sherlock Holmes 
ona banished For practising to steal away a lady, An heir, and near allied unto the Duke. SECOND OUTLAW. And I from Mantua, for a gentleman Who, in my mood, I stabb'd unto the heart. FIRST OUTLAW. An
lting ship Which Caesar and his fortune bare at once. CHARLES. Was Mahomet inspired with a dove? Thou with an eagle art inspired 
no keener pleasure than in following Holmes in his professional investigations, and in admiring the rapid deductions, as swift as intuitions, and yet always founded on a lo
e were many who had better claims than I. I was not a lonely man: I had my daughter to attend to my wants." "It is of that daughter that I would speak 
nward breaks, and shows no cause without Why the man dies.- I humbly thank you, sir. Capt. God b' wi' you, sir. [Exit.] Ros. Will't ple
ing it I was ready to devote my life to the one object. True, if I found it it would probably put her forever beyond my reach. Yet it would be a petty and selfish love which would be influenced 
ell worth troubling about." "Why, you look very serious over it." "How do you explain it?" "I just don't attempt to explain it. It seems the very maddest, queerest thing that ever happened to me.
my errand. I come from Lady Juliet. Friar. Welcome then. Enter Nurse. Nurse. O holy friar, O, tell me, holy friar Where is my lady's lord,
blots thy father. CONSTANCE. There's a good grandam, boy, that would blot thee. AUSTRIA. Peace! BASTARD. Hear the crier. AUSTRIA. What the devil art thou? BASTARD. One that will play the dev
WN. I will show myself highly fed and lowly taught. I know my business is but to the court. COUNTESS. To the court! Why, what place make 
 impression of the thing it was. Methinks my zeal to Valentine is cold, And that I love him not as I was wont. O! but I love his lady too too much, And that's the reason I lov
 come to me, I will determine this before I stir. Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. O mistress, mistress, shift and save yourself! My ma
that is not there, You break no privilege nor charter there. Oft have I heard of sanctuary men; But sanctuary children neve
erein villanous, but in all things? wherein worthy, but in nothing? Fal. I would your Grace would take me with you. Whom means your Grace? Prince. That villanous abominable misleader of yo
resoever you had it, I'll take out no work on't. CASSIO. How now, my sweet Bianca! how now! how now! OTHE
im yourselves to-night. Well, he has always answered me like that. My sister thinks that I am going mad. Sometimes I think that I am myself. And now--and now I am myse
ces on the stream, Enrobe the roaring waters with my silks, And, in a word, but even now worth this, And now worth nothing? Shall I have the thought To think on
 have one thing, of a queasy question, Which I must act. Briefness and fortune, work! Brother, a word! Descend! Brother, I say! Enter Edgar. My father watches. O sir, fly this place! Intelligence i
commonwealth. 2. Watch. And one Deformed is one of them. I know him; 'a wears a lock. Con. Masters, masters-- 1. Watch. You'll be made bring Deformed forth, I warrant you. Con. Mast
's go. Exeunt SCENE VII. A camp at a short distance from Rome Enter AUFIDIUS with his LIEUTENANT AUFIDIUS. Do they still fly to th' Roman? LIEUTENANT. I do not know what witchcr
self was most instructive." "You appeared to read a good deal upon her which was quite invisible to me," I remarked. "Not invisible but unnoticed, Watson. You did not know where to look, and so
is always welcome," said he. "Step in, sir. Keep clear of the badger; for he bites. Ah, naughty, naughty, would you take a nip at the gentleman?" This to a stoat which thrust its wicked head and red 
llenge! Bene. [aside to Claudio] You are a villain. I jest not; I will make it good how you dare, with what you dare, and when you dare. Do me right, or I wi
I can; nor indeed I cannot think, if I would think my heart out of thinking, that you are in love, or that you will be in love, 
. Ay, but, Sir John, methinks they are exceeding poor and bare- too beggarly. Fal. Faith, for their poverty, I know, not where they had that; and for their bareness, I am surd they never learn'd th
n. It is a branch and parcel of mine oath, A charitable duty of my order; Therefore depart, and leave him here with me. ADRIANA. I will not hence and leave my husband here; And ill it doth bes
s. I want to find the whereabouts of a steam launch called the Aurora, owner Mordecai Smith, black with two red streaks, funnel black with
ult the worse by th' excuse, As patches set upon a little breach Discredit more in hiding of the fault Than did the fault before it was so patch'd. 
e they not mine? Did they not sometime cry 'All hail!' to me? So Judas did to Christ; but he, in twelve, Found truth in all but one; I, in twelve thousand, none. God sa
the sick hour that his surfeit made; Now shall he try his friends that flatter'd him. Enter a SERVINGMAN SERVINGMAN. My lord, your son was gone before I came.
ay, and who is the wiser?" "I did not kill him," said I. Lal Chowdar shook his head and smiled. "I heard it all, Sahib," said he. "I heard 
e envelope from his hand. "Yes, it is it--and the letter is intact. Hope, I congratulate you." "Thank you! Thank you! What a weight from m
hou music sadly? Sweets with sweets war not, joy delights in joy: Why lov'st thou that which thou receiv'st not gladly, Or else receiv'st with pleasure thine
before Master Constable. Dog. Yea, marry, let them come before me. What is your name, friend? Bor. Borachio. Dog. Pray write down Borachio. Yours, sirrah? Con. 
 his guard. Courage, my masters! Honour now or never! But follow me, and Edward shall be ours. FIRST WATCHMAN. Who goes there? SECOND WATCHMAN. Stay, or thou diest. WARWICK and the rest cry all 'W
 I have taken heart thou vanishest. Ill spirit, I would hold more talk with thee. Boy! Lucius! Varro! Claudio! Sirs, awake! Claudio! LUCIUS. The strings, my lord, are false. BRUTUS. He thinks he
w how I speed; and the conclusion shall be crowned with your enjoying her. Adieu. You shall have her, Master Brook; Master Bro
and rocks that threaten us with wreck, As good to chide the waves as speak them fair. And what is Edward but a ruthless sea? What Clarence but a quicksand of deceit? And Richard but a ragged fatal 
 my heart and Romeo's, thou our hands; And ere this hand, by thee to Romeo's seal'd, Shall be the label to another deed, Or my true heart with treacherous revolt Turn to another, th
Nay, that I can deny by a circumstance. PROTEUS. It shall go hard but I'll prove it by another. SPEED. The shepherd seeks the sheep, and not the sheep the shepherd; but I
tion which described the concealment of King Charles. People did not hide in those days without excellent hiding places, and the hiding pla
I cannot break my other important research for the sake of it. On Monday you will arrive early at Farnham; you will conceal yourself near Charlington Heath; you will observe thes
such fashion. Hold out your hand, man, and make it up!" "Never!" cried Baldwin in a fury. "I've offered to fight him if he thinks I have wronged him," said McMurdo. "I'll fight him with fists, or, if
s schedules of my beauty. It shall be inventoried, and every particle and utensil labell'd to my will: as- item, two lips indifferent red; item, two grey eyes with lids to them; item
toss'd For me to joy and weep their gain and loss; And being seated, and domestic broils Clean over-blown, themselves the conquerors Make war upon themselves-brother to brother, Blood to blo
nderous as Satan? PAGE. And as poor as Job? FORD. And as wicked as his wife? EVANS. And given to fornications, and to taverns, and sack, and wine, and metheglins, and to drinkings, and s
OAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> Act II. Scene I. Elsinore. A room in the house of Polonius. Enter Polonius and Reynaldo. Pol. Give him this money and these notes, Reynaldo. Rey. I will, my 
ess impose. At least, thus much: I'll pawn the little blood which I have left To save the innocent- anything possible. LEONTES. It shall be possible. Swear by this sword Thou wilt perf
id I, "and I have an accommodating neighbor. I should be glad to come." "And to start to-morrow morning?" "If necessary." "Oh yes, it is most necessary. Then these are your
re have you left the money that I gave you? DROMIO OF EPHESUS. O-Sixpence that I had a Wednesday last To pay the saddler for my mistress' crupper? The saddler ha
URSE. O gentle Aaron, we are all undone! Now help, or woe betide thee evermore! AARON. Why, what a caterwauling dost thou keep! What dost thou wrap and fumble in thy arms? NURSE.
ue' as fearing thee, For I will throw my glove to Death himself That there's no maculation in thy heart; But 'Be thou true' say I to fashion in My sequent protestation: be thou true, And I will se
graces, Show'r'd on me daily, have been more than could My studied purposes requite; which went Beyond all man's endeavours. My endeavours, Have ever come 
nds; This blessed plot, this earth, this realm, this England, This nurse, this teeming womb of royal kings, Fear'd by their breed, and famous by their birth, Renowned for their deeds as far f
ds of consolation, and to explain the alarm which had been caused to his friends by his sudden disappearance, when there was a step upon the stairs, and there was the heavy, stern, q
 other way you could have got this thing?" "I can't think. My mind is gone. For heaven's sake help me!" "Yes, I will help you. I'll help you to understand just where you
ose to disappear in the next twenty-four hours I will promise you that no one will hinder you." "And then it will all come out?" "Certainly it will come out." The sailor flushed with a
o the lodge which makes me speak in anxious words. But I have greater trust in your judgment than in my own, Eminent Bodymaster, and I promise you that I will not offend again." The Bodymaster's scow
" said the young man eagerly. "How many will you take?" "Half a dozen, and two to guard the door. You'll come, Gower, and you, Mansel, and you, Scanlan, and the two Willaby
 dipped my finger in my own blood and printed it on a convenient place on the wall. Then I walked down to my cab and found that there was nobody about, and that the night was still very wild.
is the will, and under Caesar's seal. To every Roman citizen he gives, To every several man, seventy-five drachmas. SECOND CITIZEN. Most noble Caesar! We'll revenge his death. THIRD CITIZEN. O r
e work? There, give it your hobbyhorse. Wheresoever you had it, I'll take out no work on't. CASSIO. How now, my sweet Bianca! how now! how now! OTH
Pray, Master Barnardine, awake till you are executed, and sleep afterwards. ABHORSON. Go in to him, and fetch him out. POMPEY. He is coming, sir, he is coming; I hear his straw rustle. Ente
at's all one; they'll find linen enough on every hedge. Enter the Prince and the Lord of Westmoreland. Prince. How now, blown Jack? How now, quilt? Fal. What, Hal? How now, mad wag? What a d
r of Hosmer again. As he said, what interest could anyone have in bringing me to the doors of the church, and then leaving me? Now, if he had borrowed my money, or if he had married me and g
 horse. SONG. It was a lover and his lass, With a hey, and a ho, and a hey nonino, That o'er the green corn-field did pass In the spring time, the only pretty ring time, When birds do sing, hey di
ame a subject or a person on which he could not at once furnish information. In this case I found her biography sandwiched in between that of a Hebrew rabbi and that of a staff-commander who had w
e, And with our fair entreaties haste them on. Exeunt SCENE II. The Volscian camp before Rome Enter MENENIUS to the WATCH on guard FIRST WATCH. Stay. Whence are you? SECOND WATCH. Stan
ive. Hence his ambition growing- Dost thou hear? MIRANDA. Your tale, sir, would cure deafness. PROSPERO. To have no screen between this part he play'd And him he play'd it for, he needs will be
 In vain they struggled. In vain the money of the lodge--money squeezed by blackmail out of the whole countryside--was spent like water in the attempt to save them. That cold,
 killed his father A FATHER that has killed his son QUEEN MARGARET LADY GREY, afterwards QUEEN to Edward IV BONA, sister to the French Queen Soldiers, Attendants, Messenger
 not go without you to the kings. CONSTANCE. Thou mayst, thou shalt; I will not go with thee; I will
 this deed. MESSALA. Mistrust of good success hath done this deed. O hateful error, melancholy's child, Why dost thou show to the apt thoughts of men The things that are not? O error, s
 words will serve. RICHARD. And if words will not, then our weapons shall. CLIFFORD. Why, what a brood of traitors have we here! YORK. Look in a 
? PANDARUS. But to prove to you that Helen loves him: she came and puts me her white hand to his cloven chin- CRESSIDA. Juno have mercy! How came it cloven? PANDARUS. Why, you know, 'tis dimpled.
OF FRANCE. Was that the King that spurr'd his horse so hard Against the steep uprising of the hill? BOYET. I know not; but I think it was not he. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Whoe'er 'a was, 'a sh
erve me well you all should do me duty, Teach me to be your queen and you my subjects. O, serve me well, and teach yourselves that duty! DOR
hy father's face; Frank nature, rather curious than in haste, Hath well compos'd thee. Thy father's moral parts Ma
outh American concerns is in South America, and that some weeks must elapse before we can trace the shares." Holmes had been ex
, about your own business, County. What fashion will you wear the garland of? about your neck, like an usurer's chain? or under your arm, like a lieutenant's scarf? You m
D. Why, then thou shalt not have thy husband's lands. LADY GREY. Why, then mine honesty shall be my dower; For by that loss I will not purchase them. KING
ut, conscience, conscience! O, 'tis a tender place! and I must leave her. Exeunt ACT II. SCENE 3. London. The palace Enter ANNE BULLEN and an OLD LADY ANNE. Not for that nei
sack. FALSTAFF. Brook is his name? BARDOLPH. Ay, sir. FALSTAFF. Call him in. [Exit BARDOLPH] Such Brooks are welcome to me, that o'erflows such liquor. Ah, ha! Mistress Ford and Mistress Pag
will? ISABELLA. I am a woeful suitor to your honour, Please but your honour hear me. ANGELO. Well; what's your suit? ISABELLA. There is a vice that most I do abhor, And most desire should meet the bl
The mobled queen'? Pol. That's good! 'Mobled queen' is good. 1. Play. 'Run barefoot up and down, threat'ning the flames With bisson rheum; a clout upon that head Where late the diadem st
hun me, and I will spare your haunts. OBERON. Give me that boy and I will go with thee. TITANIA. Not for thy fairy kingdom. Fairies, away. We shall chide downright if I 
 strong displeasure. CLOWN. Truly, Fortune's displeasure is but sluttish, if it smell so strongly as thou speak'st of. I will henceforth eat no fish of For
such as he had not yet shown. The scent appeared to be much hotter than before, for he had not even to put his nose on the ground, but tugged at his leash and tr
deceived; for they swore you did. Beat. Do not you love me? Bene. Troth, no; no more than reason. Beat. Why, then my cousin, Margaret, and Ursula Are much deceiv'd; for they did swea
Re-enter PHILOSTRATE PHILOSTRATE. SO please your Grace, the Prologue is address'd. THESEUS. Let him approach. [Flouri
f he may be repeal'd to try his honour. BOLINGBROKE. These differences shall all rest under gage Till Norfolk be repeal'd-repeal'd
al. Well, thou hast call'd her to a reckoning many a time and oft. Prince. Did I ever call for thee to pay thy part? Fal. No; I'll give thee thy due, thou hast paid all there.
nishment; Nor never look upon each other's face; Nor never write, regreet, nor reconcile This louring 
. Holmes, I could not! On the one side seemed certain ruin; on the other, terrible as it seemed to take my husband's paper, still in a matter of politics I could not understand the consequences, whi
thou lame? SIMPCOX. Ay, God Almighty help me! SUFFOLK. How cam'st thou so? SIMPCOX. A fall off of a tree. WIFE. A plum tree, master. GLOUCESTER. How long hast thou been blind? SIMPCOX. O, born so
u at Ilium? CRESSIDA. This morning, uncle. PANDARUS. What were you talking of when I came? Was Hector arm'd and gone ere you came to Ilium? Helen was not up, was she? CRESSIDA. Hector was gone; bu
ore. SECOND GENTLEMAN. But, pray, how pass'd it? FIRST GENTLEMAN. I'll tell you in a little. The great Duke. Came to the bar; where to his accusations He pleaded s
 attention, Lestrade, and also the bullets which fit it." "You can trust us to look after that, Mr. Holmes," said Lestrade, as the 
ak with you. PANDARUS. Where? BOY. At your own house; there he unarms him. PANDARUS. Good boy, tell him
dred of them. COUNTESS. Sir, I am a poor friend of yours, that loves you. CLOWN. O Lord, sir!-Thick, thick; spare not me. COUNTESS. I think, sir, you c
away with me. CONSTANCE. Lo now! now see the issue of your peace! KING PHILIP. Patience, good lady! Comfort, gentle Constance! CONSTANCE. No, I defy all counsel, all redress, B
. Your own is yours, and I am yours, and all. BOLINGBROKE. So far be mine, my most redoubted lord, As my true service shall dese
And duller shouldst thou be than the fat weed That rots itself in ease on Lethe wharf, Wouldst thou not stir in this. Now, Hamlet, hear. 'Tis given out that, sleeping 
een pushed in. "You don't use bars, then?" he asked. "We have never found it necessary." "You don't keep a dog?" "Yes, but he is chained on the other side of the house." "When do the serv
RWICK; RICHARD PLANTAGENET, VERNON, and another LAWYER PLANTAGENET. Great lords and gentlemen, what means this silence? Dare no man answer in a case of truth? SUFFOLK. Within the Temple Hall we w
 glade? It was something terrible and deadly. What could it be? Might not the nature of the injuries reveal something to my medical instincts? I rang the bell and called for the weekly cou
an was got. Upon his death-bed he by will bequeath'd His lands to me, and took it on his death That this my mother's son was none of his; 
 know my voice? BRABANTIO. Not I. What are you? RODERIGO. My name is Roderigo. BRABANTIO. The worser welcome. I have charged thee not to haunt about my doors. In 
and of his anger. PANDARUS. Was he angry? CRESSIDA. So he says here. PANDARUS. True, he was so; I know the cause too; he'll lay about him today, I can tell them that. A
 two would marry. MRS. PAGE. Be sure of that-two other husbands. FORD. Where had you this pretty weathercock? MRS. PAGE. I can
arry, then- Mouldy, Bullcalf, Feeble, and Shadow. FALSTAFF. Mouldy and Bullcalf: for you, Mouldy, stay at home till you are past service; and for your part, Bullcalf, grow you c
the settee and buried his face in his manacled hands. For five minutes he was silent. Then he raised his face once more, and spoke with the cold composure of despair. "I have nothing to hide fro
y pry in upon us. This absence of your father's draws a curtain That shows the ignorant a kind of fear Before not dreamt of. Hot. You strain too far. I rather of his absence make this 
ak too loud. Where's Malvolio? He is sad and civil, And suits well for a servant with my fortunes. Where is Malvolio? MARIA. He's coming, madam; but in very strange manner. He is su
 an't please you, sir. ESCALUS. So. What trade are you of, sir? POMPEY. A tapster, a poor widow's tapster. ESCALUS. Your mistress' name? POMPEY. Mistress Ov
o him is: it is something of my negligence, nothing of my purpose. SIR TOBY. I Will do so. Signior Fabian, stay you by this gentleman till my return. Exit SIR TOBY VIOL
ter Parson. MALVOLIO. Sir Topas, never was man thus wronged. Good Sir Topas, do not think I am mad; they have laid me here in hideous darkness. CLOWN. Fi
s, certain, there's a letter for you; I saw't. MENENIUS. A letter for me! It gives me an estate of seven years' health; in which time I will make a lip at the physician. The most sovereign prescripti
adst before? No love, my love, that thou mayst true love call, All mine was thine, before thou hadst this more: Then if for my love, thou my love receivest, I cannot blame thee, for m
n on her and make her their boots. Cham. What, the commonwealth their boots? Will she hold out water in foul way? Gads. She will, she wi
LA. My legs do better understand me, sir, than I understand what you mean by bidding me taste my legs. SIR TOBY. I mean, to go, sir, to enter. VIOLA. I w
 LORD. Why, Apemantus? APEMANTUS. Shouldst have kept one to thyself, for I mean to give thee none. FIRST LORD. Hang thyself. APEMANTUS. No, I will do nothing at thy bidding; make thy requests 
w down this, If he may be repeal'd to try his honour. BOLINGBROKE. These differences shall all rest under gage Till Norfolk be repeal'd-r
angeful potency. AENEAS. [Within] Nay, good my lord! TROILUS. Come, kiss; and let us part. PARIS. [Within] Brother Troilus! TROILUS. Good brother, come you
 life? ISABELLA. Please you to do't, I'll take it as a peril to my soul It is no sin at all, but charity. ANGELO. Pleas'd you to do't at peril of your soul, Were equal poise of s
edful; hence, and watch. EXECUTIONER. I hope your warrant will bear out the deed. HUBERT. Uncleanly scruples! Fear not you. Look to't. Exeunt EXECUTIONERS Young lad, come 
ch, and away they buzzed down the stairs, and I saw them a moment later streaming down the street. "If the launch is above water they will
 I have, but what of him? POLIXENES. Knows he of this? FLORIZEL. He neither does nor shall. POLIXENES. Methinks a f
thee; let me look on thee. ACHILLES. Behold thy fill. HECTOR. Nay, I have done already. ACHILLES. Thou art too brief. 
inews to make catlings on. ACHILLES. Come, thou shalt bear a letter to him straight. THERSITES. Let me carry another to his horse; for that's the more capable creature. ACHILLES. My mi
you his brother? ROSALIND. Was't you he rescu'd? CELIA. Was't you that did so oft contrive to kill him? OLIVER. 'Twas I; but 'tis not I. I do not shame To
le, and does *not* contain characters other than those intended by the author of the work, although tilde (~), asterisk (*) and underline (_) characters may be used to convey pu
rels like of sonneting. But are you not ashamed? Nay, are you not, All three of you, to be thus much o'ershot? You found his mo
 Thy self away, art present still with me, For thou not farther than my thoughts canst move, And I am still with them, and they with thee. Or if they sleep, thy picture in my sight 
re absolutely ignorant that their land contained that which was quite as valuable as a gold-mine. Naturally, it was to my interest to buy their land before they
tors. Go, my dread lord, to your great-grandsire's tomb, From whom you claim; invoke his warlike spirit, And your great-uncle's, Edward the 
s, and my petitions, to eat, look you, this leek; because, look you, you do not love it, nor your affections, and your appetites, and your digestions, does not agr
You know all, Lord Pandarus. PANDARUS. Not I, honey-sweet queen. I long to hear how they spend to-day. You'll remember your brother's excuse? PARIS. To a hair. PANDARUS. Farewell, sweet
OHN. Death. HUBERT. My lord? KING JOHN. A grave. HUBERT. He shall not live. KING JOHN. Enough! I could be merry now. Hubert, I love thee. Well, I'll not say what I intend for thee. Remember. Ma
s over this, you'll remember that I was the one that stood your friend, and that I was Miss Alice's friend too. "She was never happy at home, Miss Alice wasn't, from 
 lady's. You may gather more. If you do find him, pray you give him this; And when your mistress hears thus much from you, I pray desire her call her wisdom to her. So farewell. If you do chance
 Mercutio, peace! Thou talk'st of nothing. Mer. True, I talk of dreams; Which are the children of an idle brain, Begot of nothing but vain fantas
n good compass; and now I live out of all order, out of all compass. Bard. Why, you are so fat, Sir John, that you must needs 
is not regarded in handicraftsmen. JOHN. The nobility think scorn to go in leather aprons. GEORGE. Nay, more, the King's Council are no good workmen. JOHN. True; and yet
replied Men fear'd the French would prove perfidious, To the King's danger. Presently the Duke Said 'twas the fear indeed and that he doubted 'Twould prove the verity of
never marry myself, lest I bias my judgment." "I trust," said I, laughing, "that my judgment may survive the ordeal. But you look w
e; And so am I for Phebe. PHEBE. And I for Ganymede. ORLANDO. And I for Rosalind. ROSALIND. And I for no woman. SILVIUS. It is to be all made of fantasy, All made of pass
tion, noble by the sway, What rounds, what bounds, what course, what stop he makes!" And controversy hence a question takes Whether the horse by him became his deed, Or he his m
then be answer'd? DUKE. There is no woman's sides Can bide the beating of so strong a passion As love doth give my heart; no woman's heart So big to hold so much; they lack retention. Ala
 casement; shut that, and 'twill out at the key-hole; stop that, 'twill fly with the smoke out at the chimney. ORLANDO. A man that had a wif
ff. More, more, a hundred of them. COUNTESS. Sir, I am a poor friend of yours, that loves you. CLOWN. O Lord, sir!-Thick, thick; spare not me. COUNTESS. I thin
nd me: You of your wife, and me of my consent, Of my consent that she should be your wife. DEMETRIUS. My lord, fair Helen told me of their stealth, Of this their purpose hither to this wood; And I 
 in amazement. "Yes, I am all that, Mr. Holmes, and in addition I am the most unfortunate man at this moment in London. For Heaven's sake don't abandon me, Mr. Holmes! If they come 
better than any man in all Phrygia. CRESSIDA. O, he smiles valiantly! PANDARUS. Does he not? CRESSIDA. O yes, an 'twere a cloud in autumn! PANDARUS. Why, go to, then! But to prove to you that Helen
 deny his off'red homage, You pluck a thousand dangers on your head, You lose a thousand well-disposed hearts, And prick my tender patience to those thoughts 
S. Fear no more the lightning flash, ARVIRAGUS. Nor th' all-dreaded thunder-stone; GUIDERIUS. Fear not slander, censure rash; ARVIRAGUS. Thou hast finis
some ground. My master's a very Jew. Give him a present! Give him a halter. I am famish'd in his service; you may tell every finger I have with my ribs. 
 took substance and shape, and were corroborated and re-corroborated, until they resolved themselves into a definite name. To this day, in the lonely ranches of the West, the name of the
l twice. SECOND LORD. Why, Apemantus? APEMANTUS. Shouldst have kept one to thyself, for I mean to give thee none. FIRST LORD. Hang thyself. APEMANTUS. No, I will do
NG'S palace Enter KATHERINE and ALICE KATHERINE. Alice, tu as ete en Angleterre, et tu parles bien le langage. ALICE. Un peu, madame. KATHERINE. Je te prie, m'enseignez; il faut que j'apprenne a
" "Knocking Mr. Warren about?" "Using him roughly, anyway." "But who used him roughly?" "Ah! that's what we want to know! It was this morning, s
h considerable surprise that I received a telegram from Homes last Tuesday--he has never been known to write where a telegram would serve--in
 sir? PISTOL. The horn, I say. Farewell. Take heed, have open eye, for thieves do foot by night; Take heed, ere summer comes, or cuckoo birds do sing. Away, Sir Corporal Nym. Believe 
zen'd him of it. SIMPLE. I would I could have spoken with the woman herself; I had other things to have spoken
Faith, to say truth, brown and not brown. CRESSIDA. To say the truth, true and not true. PANDARUS. She prais'd his complexion above Paris. CRESSIDA. Why, Paris h
h' flatterer. Heavens, that I were a lord! TIMON. What wouldst do then, Apemantus? APEMANTUS. E'en as Apemantus does now: hate a lord with my heart. TIMON. What, thyself? APEMANTUS
, fame! Love's arms are peace, 'gainst rule, 'gainst sense, 'gainst shame. And sweetens, in the suff'ring pangs it bears, The aloes of all for
ase you, so; if not, why, so. VALENTINE. If it please me, madam, what then? SILVIA. Why, if it please you, take it for your labour. And so good morrow, servant. Exit SILVIA SPEED. O jest unseen, 
re you will, but meet me here before dusk without fail--without fail, Mr. Mac." "That sounds more like sanity." "All of it was excellent advice; but I don't insist, so l
 senator POPILIUS, " POPILIUS LENA, " FLAVIUS, tribune MARULLUS, tribune CATO, supportor of Brutus LUCILIUS, " " " TITINIUS, " "
ENA. When he was retrograde, I think, rather. PAROLLES. Why think you so? HELENA. You go so much backward when you fight. PAROLLES. That's for advantage. HELENA. So is running away, wh
our self again after your self's decease, When your sweet issue your sweet form should bear. Who lets so fair a house fall to decay, Wh
ip in coming?" "I did exactly what you advised." "Did you find your brougham?" "Yes, it was waiting." "Did you recognize your coachman?" "No." "It was my brothe
oaring of the lion's whelp. Prince. And why not as the lion? Fal. The King himself is to be feared as the lion. Dost thou think I'll fear thee as I fear thy father? Nay, an I do, I pray God my gir
ke you plough up the wars. ACHILLES. What, what? THERSITES. Yes, good sooth. To Achilles, to Ajax, to- AJAX. I shall cut out your tongue. THERSITES. 'Tis no matter; I shall speak as much a
ne of them; it's an honourable kind of thievery. VALENTINE. Peace, villain! SECOND OUTLAW. Tell us this: have you anything to take to? VALENTINE. Nothing but my fortune. 
ay that she was false! OTHELLO. He, woman; I say thy husband. Dost understand the word? My friend, thy husband, honest, honest Iago. EMILIA. If he
ctise the insinuating nod and be off to them most counterfeitly. That is, sir, I will counterfeit the bewitchment of some popular man and give it bountiful to the desir
s and rumours took substance and shape, and were corroborated and re-corroborated, until they resolved themselves into a definite name. To this day, in the lonely ranches of the West, the name 
epherd be not in hand-fast, let him fly; the curses he shall have, the tortures he shall feel, will break the back o
ds. SICINIUS. Mark you this, people? PLEBEIANS. To th' rock, to th' rock, with him! SICINIUS. Peace! We need not put new matter to his charge. What you have seen h
 well! BRANDON. Nay, he must bear you company. [To ABERGAVENNY] The King Is pleas'd you shall to th' Tower, till you know How he determines further. ABERGAVENNY. As the Duke said, The will of
z-vous pas deja oublie ce que je vous ai enseigne? KATHERINE. Non, je reciterai a vous promptement: d'hand, de fingre, de mails- ALICE. De nails, madame. KATHERINE. De nails
una me tormenta, spero me contenta. Exeunt all but PRINCE JOHN and the LORD CHIEF JUSTICE PRINCE JOHN. I like this fair proceed
bliged to you if you will let me hear of any fresh developments of so singular a chain of events." The development for which my friend had 
ing true. CONSTANCE. O, if thou teach me to believe this sorrow, Teach thou this sorrow how to make me die; And let belief and life encounter so As doth the fu
TOR. Indeed they are disproportion'd; My letters say a hundred and seven galleys. DUKE. And mine, a hundred a
ur statures; she hath urg'd her height; And with her personage, her tall personage, Her height, forsooth, she hath prevail'd with him. And are you grown so hi
u that be noble; help him, young and old. PLEBEIANS. Down with him, down with him! [In this mutiny the TRIBUNES, the AEDILES, and the people are beat in] MENENIUS. Go, get you to your house; be g
inter's not gone yet, if the wild geese fly that way. Fathers that wear rags Do make their children blind; But fathers that bear bag
quainted with your cause of grief. BRUTUS. I am not well in health, and that is all. PORTIA. Brutus is wise, and, were he not in health, He woul
ther hand, if all the world was convinced that I was dead they would take liberties, these men, they would lay themselves open, 
th he and she- Your son and daughter. Lear. No. Kent. Yes. Lear. No, I say. Kent. I say yea. Lear. No, no, t
God's enemy, God will in justice ward you as his soldiers; If you do sweat to put a tyrant down, You sleep in peace, the tyrant being slain; If you do fight against your country's foes, Your coun
 the desirers. Therefore, beseech you I may be consul. FIFTH CITIZEN. We hope to find you our friend; and therefore give you our voices heartily. FOURTH CITIZEN. You have re
THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE.- Elsinore. ACT I. Scene I. Elsinore. A platform before the Castle. Ent
tril of me too; if one knight give a- CLOWN. Would you have a love-song, or a song of good life? SIR TOBY. A love-song, a love-song. AGUECH
urned my attention in the direction of the profession which has become my life's work. You see me now when my name has become known far and 
th you, my most fair Bianca? I'faith, sweet love, I was coming to your house. BIANCA. And I was going to your lodging, Cassio. What,
onvict on the moor?" I started. "You don't mean that you know where he is?" said I. "I may not know exactly where he is, but I am quite sure that I coul
uch orderly and well-behaved reproof to all uncomeliness that I would have sworn his disposition would have gone to the truth of his words; but they do no more adhere and keep pla
es the fool with Apemantus. Let's ha' some sport with 'em. VARRO'S SERVANT. Hang him, he'll abuse us! ISIDORE'S SERVANT. A 
; on forgotten matter we can hardly make distinction of our hands. SIR TOBY. Excellent! I smell a device. AGUECHEEK. I have't in my nose too. SIR TOBY. He shall think, by t
in the right; but to the point. As I say, this Mistress Elbow, being, as I say, with child, and being great-bellied, and longing, as I said, for prunes; and having b
, Duke of Gloucester; William of Windsor was the seventh and last. Edward the Black Prince died before his father And left behind him Richard, his only son, Who, after Edward the Third's dea
l fall. AEMILIUS. Come, come, thou reverend man of Rome, And bring our Emperor gently in thy hand, Lucius our Emperor; for well I know The common voice do cry it shall be so. ALL. Luciu
n's maid of the house. THIRD SERVANT. Why, sir, you know no house nor no such maid, Nor no such men as you have reckon'd up, As Stephen Sly, and old John Naps of Greece, And Peter Turph, an
e foggy streets. The situation was a curious one. We were driving to an unknown place, on an unknown erran
y both and full of ire, In rage, deaf as the sea, hasty as fire. Enter BOLINGBROKE and MOWBRAY BOLINGBROKE. Many years of happy days befal
 suggestive," said Holmes. "It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. Can you remember any other little thin
le when th' other's come to't. Hector shall not have his wit this year. CRESSIDA. He shall not need it if he have his own. PANDARUS. Nor his qualities. CRESSIDA. No matte
t with a loud crash. "Before they come," said Holmes, "just put your hand here on this poor fellow's arm, and here on his leg. What do you 
ers, were our own picked troops, whom we had taught and trained, handling our own weapons, and blowing our own bugle-calls. At Agra 
which I place above all things. I should never marry myself, lest I bias my judgment." "I trust," said I, laughing, "that my judgment may survive the
ey call for dates and quinces in the pastry. Enter Old Capulet. Cap. Come, stir, stir, stir! The second cock hath crow'd, The
a look at that!" The plump young man led us to a spot where the top of one of the wooden rails had been cracked. A small fragment of the wood was hanging dow
on, save only these politicians, who knows the true facts. I beg you, then, Mr. Holmes, to tell me exactly what has happened and what it will lead to. Tell me all, Mr. Holmes. Let no rega
t you will very shortly hear from us again." "Our case becomes rounded off, and difficulty after difficulty thins away in front of us," said Holmes as w
t? West. In faith, It is a conquest for a prince to boast of. King. Yea, there thou mak'st me sad, and mak'st me sin In envy that my Lord Northumber
was a most active man," said he. "With an area beneath, it was no mean feat to reach that window-ledge and open that window. Gettin
RD. I have a letter from Monsieur Berowne to one Lady Rosaline. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. O, thy letter, thy letter! He's a good friend of mine. Stand aside, good bearer. Boyet, you can carve. Break up thi
LIND. Nay, I prithee now, with most petitionary vehemence, tell me who it is. CELIA. O wonderful, wonderful, most wonderful wonderful, and yet a
at, Oswald, ho! [To the Fool] You, sir, more knave than fool, after your master! Fool. Nuncle Lear, nuncle Lear, tarry! Take the fool with thee. A fox when
"Nothing." "Nothing?" "To tell the truth"--he sank his face into his thin, white hands--"I have felt helpless. I have felt like on
hting soul Conceit in weakest bodies strongest works. Speak to her, Hamlet. Ham. How is it with you, lady? Queen. Alas, how is't with you, That you do bend your eye on vacancy, And with th' en
LUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. SCENE I. BOLINGBROKE'S camp at Bristol Enter BOLINGBROKE, YORK, NORTHUMBERLAND, PERCY, ROSS, WILLOUGHBY, BUSHY and
'll burst them open, if that you come not quickly. Enter to the PROTECTOR at the Tower gates WINCHESTER and his men in tawny coats WINCHESTER
petition to the King; And aid me with that store of power you have To come into his presence. GENTLEMAN. The King's not here. HELENA. Not here, sir? GENTLEMAN. Not in
en two of them out of their senses, and killed his sister Brenda, the one human being whom I have ever loved or who has ever loved me. There was his crime; what was to be 
l than a human life. That is one point. Then there is the singular fact that he did not break it in the house, or immediately outside the house, if to break i
ere. This is a thing that Angelo knows not; for he this very day receives letters of strange tenour, perchance of the Duke's death, perchance entering int
ir, betake thee to thy faith, for seventeen poniards are at thy bosom. PAROLLES. O! FIRST SOLDIER. O, pray, pray, pray! Manka revania dulche. SECO
ons have suddenly assumed a much more important and less innocent aspect. Here is the stone; the stone came from the goose, and the goose came from Mr.
r so, in comforting your evils, Than such as most seem yours- I say I come From your good Queen. LEONTES. Good Queen! PAULINA. Good Queen, my lord, good Queen- 
me, Or what is worst will follow. FIRST SENATOR. Pray you let's to him. Exeunt SCENE II. Rome. The house of CORIOLANUS Enter CORIOLANUS with NOBLES CORIOLANUS. Let them pull all about
 do wither as they grow. Who are the rest? KATHARINE. The young Dumain, a well-accomplish'd youth, Of all that virtue love for virtue loved; Most power to do most harm, least knowing ill, For 
 he teaches boys the hornbook. What is a, b, spelt backward with the horn on his head? HOLOFERNES. Ba, pueritia, with a horn added. MOTH. Ba, most silly sheep with a horn. You h
n. Pray you, content.- What, Oswald, ho! [To the Fool] You, sir, more knave than fool, after your master! Fool. Nuncle Lear, nuncle Lear, tarry! Take the fool with thee. A fox w
Will you pleasure me? Shall I know your answer? SHYLOCK. Three thousand ducats for three months, and Antonio bound. BASSANIO. Your answer to that. SHYLOCK. Antonio is a good man. BASSANIO. Have yo
f Would for Carnarvonshire, although there long'd No more to th' crown but that. Lo, who comes here? Enter the LORD CHAMBERLAIN CHAMBERLAIN. Good morrow, ladies. Wha
. 'A was the first that ever bore arms. Other. Why, he had none. Clown. What, art a heathen? How dost thou understand the Scripture? The Scripture says Adam digg'd. Could he 
DARUS. Mark him; note him. O brave Troilus! Look well upon him, niece; look you how his sword is bloodied, and his helm more hack'd than Hector's; and how he looks, and how he 
ive a gross and foolish sire Blemish'd his gracious dam. This is not, no, Laid to thy answer; but the last- O lords, When I have said, cry 'Woe!'- the Queen, the Queen, The sweet'st, 
whereby 'a may be thought to be accommodated; which is an excellent thing. Enter FALSTAFF SHALLOW. It is very just. Look, here comes good Sir John. Give me your good hand, give me your worship'
 DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCI
'd thee then vain flourish of my fortune; I call'd thee then poor shadow, painted queen, The presentation of 
. KING JOHN. Death. HUBERT. My lord? KING JOHN. A grave. HUBERT. He shall not live. KING JOHN. Enough! I could be merry now. Hubert, I love thee. Well, I'll not say what I intend for
ED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR ME
etual durance? ISABELLA. Ay, just; perpetual durance, a restraint, Though all the world's vastidity you had, To a determi
orge Burnwell, was enough to draw him back again. "And, indeed, I could not wonder that such a man as Sir George Burnwell should gain an influ
ountry's foes, Your country's foes shall pay your pains the hire; If you do fight in safeguard of your wives, Your wives shall welcome home the conquero
s to Caesar. BRUTUS. What said Popilius Lena? CASSIUS. He wish'd today our enterprise might thrive. I fear our purpose is discovered. BRUTUS. Look, how he makes to Caesar. Mark him. CA
sand crowns, or else lay down your head. MATE. And so much shall you give, or off goes yours. LIEUTENANT. What, think you much to pay two thousand crowns, And bear the name and port o
the track of blood coincided with the track of his feet. It is seldom that any man, unless he is very full
e thy business, I am therefore no courtier? I am courtier cap-a-pe, and one that will either push on or pluck back thy business there; whereupon I command th
ts- PAROLLES. So I say-both of Galen and Paracelsus. LAFEU. Of all the learned and authentic fellows- PAROLLES. Right; so I say. LAFEU. That gave hi
BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED C
 Such were the methods of the Society of Freemen, and such were the deeds of the Scowrers by which the
 BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DIST
ree. MESSENGER. Free, madam! No; I made no such report. He's bound unto Octavia. CLEOPATRA. For what good turn? MESSENGER. For the best turn i' th' bed. CLEOPATRA. I am pale,
R USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR F
hief! DESDEMONA. In sooth, you are to blame. OTHELLO. Away! Exit. EMILIA. Is not this man jealous? DESDEMONA. I ne'er saw this before.
be, if thou didst kill this child. HUBERT. Upon my soul- BASTARD. If thou didst but consent To this most cruel act
ake of that, Watson?" "Chapter the second, no doubt." "Hardly that, Watson. You will, I am sure, agree with me that if the page be given, the number of the chapter is imm
 OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE: England and Wales ACT I. SCENE 
ier; "there is the door, and there is the window. Which do you care to use?" His brown face looked so savage, and his gaunt hands so threatening, that his
emed to continually wander, and he talked so vaguely and wildly that I could hardly understand him. He continually drummed his fingers on the table, gnawed hi
ith our good will. That you should think, we come not to offend, But with good will. To show our simple ski
ed, but that it was not a usual size of pencil and that it was seldom kept in stock. My friend did not appear to be depressed 
are sad. VALENTINE. Indeed, madam, I seem so. THURIO. Seem you that you are not? VALENTINE. Haply I do. THURIO. So do counterfeits. VALENTINE. So do you. THURIO. What s
D OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE: England and France The First P
. Here's my coxcomb. [Offers Kent his cap.] Lear. How now, my pretty knave? How dost thou? Fool. Sirrah, you were best take my coxcomb. Kent. Why, fool? Fool. Why? For taking one's part that's out of
wn people. MRS. PAGE. Indeed? MRS. FORD. No, certainly. [Aside to her] Speak louder. MRS. PAGE. Truly, I am so glad you have nobody here. MRS. FORD. Why? MRS. PAGE. Why, woman, your hus
he church? GLOUCESTER. Yes, as an outlaw in a castle keeps, And useth it to patronage his theft. WINCHESTER. Unreverent Gloucester! GLOUCESTER. Thou art rev
UTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE.--Engl
an hour the miserable weather and the still more miserable ways of our fellow-men." It had cleared in the mo
 Ha, ah, ha! Well, masters, good night. An there be any matter of weight chances, call up me. Keep your fellows' counsels and your own, and good night. Come, neighbour. 2. Watch. Well, master
IBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD
not believe't. DESDEMONA. How now, my dear Othello! Your dinner, and the generous islanders By you invited, do attend your presence. OTHELLO. I am to blame. DESDEMONA. Why do you spe
 COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRI
 COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTIO
 COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCL
hou art to die. DESDEMONA. Then Lord have mercy on me! OTHELLO. I say, amen. DESDEMONA. And have you mercy too! I never did Offend you in my life; never loved Cassio But with such general w
e? FLUELLEN. Know the glove? I know the glove is a glove. WILLIAMS. I know this; and thus I challenge it. [Strikes 
re good manners at the court are as ridiculous in the country as the behaviour of the country is most mockable at the court. You told me you salute not at the court,
en I see a crab. PETRUCHIO. Why, here's no crab; and therefore look not sour. KATHERINA. There is, there is. PETRUCHIO. Then show it me
 flesh and blood is my friend; ergo, he that kisses my wife is my friend. If men could be contented to be what they are, there were no 
note him. JAQUES. I thank you for your company; but, good faith, I had as lief have been myself alone. ORLANDO. And so had I; but yet, for fashion sake, I thank you to
the people praise her for her virtues And pity her for her good father's sake; And, on my life, his malice 'gainst the lady Will suddenly break forth. Sir, fare you well. Hereafter, i
to say his face is a face-royal. God may finish it when he will, 'tis not a hair amiss yet. He may keep it still at a face-royal, for a barber shall never
much fence already. SALISBURY. Come, leave your drinking and fall to blows. Sirrah, what's thy name? PETER. Peter, forsooth. SALISBURY. Peter? What more? PETER. Th
DABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITE
T DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE: Rousillon; Paris; Fl
ldst lose thy tongue. PANTHINO. Where should I lose my tongue? LAUNCE. In thy tale. PANTHINO. In thy tail! LAU
O. I know her answer. PETRUCHIO. What? HORTENSIO. She will not. PETRUCHIO. The fouler fortune mine, and there an end. Re-en
 it not make one weep? DESDEMONA. It is my wretched fortune. IAGO. Beshrew him for't! How comes this trick upon him? DESDEMONA. Nay, heaven doth know. EMILIA. I w
 READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED
 your profession? Speak, what trade art thou? FIRST COMMONER. Why, sir, a carpenter. MARULLUS. Where is thy leather apron and thy rule? What dost thou with thy best apparel on? You, sir, what trade 
E READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBI
y, I have off'red all; I have no more; And she can have no more than all I have; If you like me, she shall have me and mine. TRANIO. Why, then the maid is mine from all the world By yo
very pocket stuffed with pennies and half-pennies--421 pennies and 270 half-pennies. It was no wonder that it had not been swept away by the tide. But a
hall be so. PLEBEIANS. It shall be so, it shall be so. CORIOLANUS. YOU common cry of curs, whose breath I hate As reek o' th' rotten fens, whose loves I prize
h have no fin. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Well, I'll break in; go borrow me a crow. DROMIO OF EPHESUS. A crow without feather? Master, mean you so? For a fish without a fin, there's a fowl without a f
he 'G' with the small 't' stands for 'Gesellschaft,' which is the German for 'Company.' It is a customary contraction like our 'Co.' 'P,' of course, stands for 'Papier.' N
ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. Scene I. Rochester. An inn yard. En
 the law shall bruise him. ALCIBIADES. Honour, health, and compassion, to the Senate! FIRST SENATOR. Now, Captain? ALCIBIADES. I am an humble sui
am so dwarfish and so low? How low am I, thou painted maypole? Speak. How low am I? I am not yet so low But that my nails can reach unto thine eyes. HELENA. I pray you, though you mock me, gentlemen,
t Smith's Wharf, or at 221b Baker Street, as to the whereabouts of the said Mordecai Smith and the launch Aurora." This was clearly Holmes's doing. The Baker Street address was en
) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES 
) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>
ife, and I will thee requite. FLUELLEN. Aunchient Pistol, I do partly understand your meaning. PISTOL. Why then, rejoice therefore. FLUELLEN. Certainly, Aunchient, it is n
ut knows some touch of pity. GLOUCESTER. But I know none, and therefore am no beast. ANNE. O wonderful, when devils tell the truth! GLOUCESTER. More wond
ut where's the money? DROMIO OF EPHESUS. Why, sir, I gave the money for the rope. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. F
Fal. Why, Hal, thou knowest, as thou art but man, I dare; but as thou art Prince, I fear thee as I fear the roaring of the lion's whelp. Prince. And why not as the lion? Fal. The King himse
uldst, thou'dst anger ladies. APEMANTUS. O, they eat lords; so they come by great bellies. TIMON. That's a lascivious apprehension. APEMANTUS. So thou apprehend'
but APEMANTUS Enter two LORDS FIRST LORD. What time o' day is't, Apemantus? APEMANTUS. Time to be honest. FIRST LORD. That time serve
ime with me. Dog. Marry, this it is, sir. Verg. Yes, in truth it is, sir. Leon. What is it, my good friends? Dog. Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little off the matter--an old man, sir, and his wits
for their truth, might better wear their heads Than some that have accus'd them wear their hats. But come, my lord, let's away.
on to the contrary? SHYLOCK. Ho, no, no, no, no; my meaning in saying he is a good man is to have you understan
" "Then you must have important evidence of which we are ignorant, for they were said to be a most united couple." "I have only the evidence of the dancing men," sai
, the bosom friend of Moriarty, the man who dropped the rocks over the cliff, the most cunning and dangerous criminal in London. That is the man who is after me to-ni
imulates the imagination; where there is no imagination there is no horror. Have you seen the evening paper?" "No." "It gives a fairly good account of the affair. It does no
oes description to do it. SECOND GENTLEMAN. What, pray you, became of Antigonus, that carried hence the child? THIRD GENTLEMAN. Like an ol
dead. FIRST GUARD. Not I. SECOND GUARD. Nor I. THIRD GUARD. Nor any one. Exeunt guard DERCETAS. Thy death and fortunes bid thy followers fly. This sword but shown to Caesar, with this t
their deities, take thee from me. CRESSIDA. Have the gods envy? PANDARUS. Ay, ay, ay; 'tis too plain a case. CRESSIDA. And is it t
nglish fairly well. Inference--that she had been in England some little time, but he had not been in Greece." "Well, then, we will presume that she had come on a visit to England, and 
ith some small distance, follows a GENTLEMAN bearing the purse, with the great seal, and a Cardinal's hat; then two PRIESTS, bearing each silver cross; then a GENTLEMAN U
t! Nay, to be perjur'd, which is worst of all; And, among three, to love the worst of all, A whitely wanton with a velvet brow, With two pitch balls stuck in her face for eyes; A
. My mother! Father and mother is man and wife; man and wife is one flesh; and so, my mother. Come, for England! Exit
his shroud, The universal landlord. CLEOPATRA. What's your name? THYREUS. My name is Thyreus. CLEOPATRA. Most kind messenger, Say to gr
fool's-head of your own. No, I know Anne's mind for that; never a woman in Windsor knows more of Anne's mind than I do; nor ca
xit Enter MARINERS BOATSWAIN. Heigh, my hearts! cheerly, cheerly, my hearts! yare, yare! Take in the topsail. Tend to th' master's whistle. Blow till thou burst
ch I have ever listened. Let me have the date of the reception by your uncle of the letter, and the date of his supposed suicide." "The letter arrived on March 1
ience hath a thousand several tongues, And every tongue brings in a several tale, And every tale condem
ue Diomed! I would croak like a raven; I would bode, I would bode. Patroclus will give me anything for the intelligence of this whore; t
rscore pound a year; whose father died at Hallowmas- was't not at Hallowmas, Master Froth? FROTH. All-hallond eve. POMPEY. Why, very well; I hope here be tru
 "On the contrary, I have noticed that when he is off the trail he generally says so. It is when he is on a scen
im] PETRUCHIO. I swear I'll cuff you, if you strike again. KATHERINA. So may you lose your arms. If you strike me, you 
 one of better nature. ANNE. Where is he? GLOUCESTER. Here. [She spits at him] Why dost thou spit at me? ANNE. Would it were mortal poison, for thy sake! GLOUCESTER. Never came poison fr
-painting, sleep, and urine. Lechery, sir, it provokes and unprovokes: it provokes the desire, but it takes away the performance. Therefore much drink may be said to be an equivocator with lech
s. FIRST CITIZEN. What is your name? SECOND CITIZEN. Whither are you going? THIRD CITIZEN. Where do you dwell? F
LECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBI
 USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNL
 mean you that? WIDOW. Thus I conceive by him. PETRUCHIO. Conceives by me! How likes Hortensio that? HORTENSIO. My widow says thus she conceives her tale. PETRUCHIO. Ve
AL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY A
ve her in such honour as you have trust in, she your jewel, this your jewel, and my gold are yours- provided I have your commendation for my more free entertainment. P
NAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT 
N. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROH
e it. What do you make of these bones?" "A lamb, I should say, or a kid." "And the white cock?" "Curious, Mr. Baynes, very curious. I should say almost uniq
ONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOW
ON. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USE
SONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE T
her eye I find A wonder, or a wondrous miracle, The shadow of myself form'd in her eye; Which, being but the shadow of your son, Becomes a sun, and makes your son a shadow. I 
ION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED CO
r no From Clifford's and Northumberland's pursuit. Had he been ta'en, we should have heard the news; Had he been slain, we s
. Exeunt ACT III.SCENE 2. London. The palace Enter the DUKE OF NORFOLK, the DUKE OF SUFFOLK, the EARL OF SURREY, and the LORD CHAMBERLAIN NOR
es, a Headborough. A Sexton. A Boy. Hero, daughter to Leonato. Beatrice, niece to Leonato. Margaret, waiting gentlewoman at
nd saw her led Between her brother and Mark Antony. CLEOPATRA. Is she as tall as me? MESSENGER. She is not, madam. CLEOPATRA. Didst hear her speak? Is she shrill-tongu
ce it? Sure it is no sin; Or of the deadly seven it is the least. ISABELLA. Which is the least? CLAUDIO. If it were damnable, he being so wise, Why would he for the mom
eagues, off and on. By this light, thou shalt be my lieutenant, monster, or my standard. TRINCULO. Your lieutenant, if you list; he's no standard. STEPHANO. We'll not run, Monsieur M
p there needs none. Pray, sit; more welcome are ye to my fortunes Than my fortunes to me. [They sit] FIRST LORD. My lord, we always have confess'd it. APEMANTUS. Ho, ho, 
MISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIB
I do now, Wearing thy hearer in thy mistress' praise, Thou hast not lov'd; Or if thou hast not broke from company Abruptly, as my passion
the heavens. But if you would consider the true cause Why all these fires, why all these gliding ghosts, Why
cousin! I am greater than a king; For when I was a king, my flatterers Were then but subjects; being now a subject, I have a king here to my flatterer. Being so g
 SCENE 1. London. Before the Tower Enter QUEEN ELIZABETH, DUCHESS of YORK, and MARQUIS of DORSET, at one door; ANNE, DUCHESS of GLOUCESTER, leading LADY MARGARET PLANT
 ANTONY. I am dying, Egypt, dying. Give me some wine, and let me speak a little. CLEOPATRA. No, let me speak; and let me rail so high That the false huswife Fortune break her wheel, Provok'd
n the King's army COURT, " " " " " WILLIAMS, " " " " " NYM, " " " " " BARDOLPH, " " " " " PISTOL, " " " " " BOY A HERALD CHARLES THE SIXTH, King of France LEWIS, the
ishment. "Yes, it must be so. Let me explain. I believe that that is the village inn over there?" "Yes, that is the Crown." "Very good. Your windows would be visible from there?" "Certainly." "
 OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD T
R OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION 
NNE. Thou wast the cause and most accurs'd effect. GLOUCESTER. Your beauty was the cause of that effect- Your beauty that did haunt me in my sl
OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE TH
 as mercy. SECOND SENATOR. Most true; the law shall bruise him. ALCIBIADES. Honour, health, and compassion, to the Senate! FIRST SENATOR. Now, Captain? ALCIBIADES. I am an humble suitor to your vi
sters and great oneyers, such as can hold in, such as will strike sooner than speak, and speak sooner than drink,
is way to take this precaution against the wind. But since we see that he has broken the elastic and has not troubled to replace it, it is obvious that he has less for
ounterfeit to swoon; why, now fall down; Or, if thou canst not, O, for shame, for shame, Lie not, to say mine eyes are murderers. Now show the
 can yield it. FIRST LORD. How do you? What's the news? THIRD LORD. Alcibiades is banish'd. Hear you of it? FIRST AND SECOND LORDS. Alcibiades banish'd! THIRD LOR
LEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY.
me done manual labour, that he takes snuff, that he is a Freemason, that he has been in China, and that he has done a co
are you well. MESSENGER. All happiness to your honour! Exit Enter an OLD ATHENIAN OLD ATHENIAN. Lord Timon, hear me speak. TIMON. Freely, good fathe
 You shall have letters of me presently. Come, go along with me, good Master Gower. FALSTAFF. My lord! CHIEF JUSTICE. What's the matter? FALSTAFF. Master Gower, shall
compass of man's wit, and therefore I will attempt the doing it. Exit. DESDEMONA. Where should I lose that handkerchief, Emilia? EMILIA. I know not, madam. DESDEMONA. Believe me, 
 anything. I will turn diseases to commodity. Exit SCENE III. York. The ARCHBISHOP'S palace Enter the ARCHBISHOP, THOMAS MOWBRAY the EARL 
ORIOLANUS. No, I serve not thy master. THIRD SERVANT. How, sir! Do you meddle with my master? CORIOLANUS. Ay; 'tis an honester service than to meddle with thy mistress. Thou prat'st and prat'st; serv
e." "Well, sir, you have been very fair-spoken to me, though I can see that I have you to thank that I have these bracele
hich would be influenced by such a thought as that. If Holmes could work to find the criminals, I had a tenfold stronger reason to urge me on to find the treasure. A bath at Bak
n a chair, you say; which chair?" "By the window there." "I see. Near this little table. You can come in now. I have finished with the carpet. Let us take the little table fi
IVIA. By mine honour, half drunk! What is he at the gate, cousin? SIR TOBY. A gentleman. OLIVIA. A gentleman! What gentleman? SIR TOB
 I am your wife in all obedience. SLY. I know it well. What must I call her? LORD. Madam. SLY. Al'ce madam, or Joan madam? LORD. Madam, and nothing else; so lords call ladies. SLY. Madam wife, the
ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEM
 demand is gone and dead: He tells us Arthur is deceas'd to-night. SALISBURY. Indeed, we fear'd his sickness was past cure. PEMBROKE. Indeed, we heard how nea
s to be no less than I seem, to serve him truly that will put me in trust, to love him that is honest, to converse with him that is wise and says little, to fear judgmen
ES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY 
avy matters, heavy matters! But look thee here, boy. Now bless thyself; thou met'st with things dying, I with things new-born. Here's a sight for thee; look thee, a bearing-cloth
 with the hilts of thy sword, and then chop him in the malmsey-butt in the next room. SECOND MURDERER. O excellent device! and make a sop of him. FIRST MURDERER. Soft! he wakes. SECOND MURD
daw. PLANTAGENET. Tut, tut, here is a mannerly forbearance: The truth appears so naked on my side That any purblind eye may find it out. SOMERSET. And on my side it is so well app
UCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DIST
UCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME 
ying for. I have pepper'd two of them. Two I am sure I have paid, two rogues in buckram suits. I tell thee what, Hal- if I tell thee a lie, spit in my face, call me horse. Thou kn
 a finger Could not be wedg'd in more; I am stifled With the mere rankness of their joy. SECOND GENTLEMAN. You saw The ceremony? THIRD GENTLEMAN. That
 I'll not meddle nor make no farther. He that will have a cake out of the wheat must needs tarry the grinding. TROILUS. Have I not tarried? PANDARUS. Ay, the grinding; but you must tarry the bolti
NG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION
 LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE
AS. Do, most dear Queen. CHARMIAN. Do? Why, what else? CLEOPATRA. Let me sit down. O Juno! ANTONY. No, no, no, no, no. EROS. See you here, sir? ANTONY. O, fie, fie, fie! CHARMIAN.
dear little romper just six years old. Oh, if you could see him killing cockroaches with a slipper! Smack! smack! smack! Three gone before you co
ch mannerly devotion shows in this; For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss. Rom. Have not saints lips, and holy palmers 
footing here, She should have bought her dignities so dear. Exeunt ACT III.SCENE 2. London. The palace Enter the DUKE OF NORFOLK, the DUKE OF SUFFOLK,
eman himself, who had been drinking his beer in the tap-room and had heard the whole conversation. Who was I? What did I want? What did I mean by asking questions? He had a fine flow 
BUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE 
 prevent? He said the folk were not fit for us to know, when all father's friends were to be there. And he said that I had nothing fit to wear, when I had my purple plush that I had never so muc
STRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SER
DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUT
 friend, Pour out the pack of matter to mine ear, The good and bad together. He's friends with Caesar; In state of health, thou say'st; and, thou say'st, free
e, Assure yourselves, will never be unkind. And so, with thanks and pardon to you all, I do dismiss you to your several countries. ALL. God save the King! God save the
 not like a man of God his making. ARMADO. That is all one, my fair, sweet, honey monarch; for, I protest, the schoolmaster is exceeding fantastical; too too vain, too too vain; but we wil
. HOLOFERNES. Quis, quis, thou consonant? MOTH. The third of the five vowels, if You repeat them; or the fifth, if I. HOLOFERNES. I will repeat them: a, e
hen he should say 'doubt'; 'det' when he should pronounce 'debt'- d, e, b, t, not d, e, t. He clepeth a calf 'cauf,' half 'hauf'; neighbour vocatur 'nebour'; 'n
y KING EDWARD. Where's Richard gone? CLARENCE. To London, all in post; and, as I guess, To make a bloody supper in the Tower. KING EDWARD. He's 
s. CORIOLANUS. Well, what then, what then? MENENIUS. Repent what you have spoke. CORIOLANUS. For them! I cannot do it to the g
l. Peace, good pintpot. Peace, good tickle-brain.- Harry, I do not only marvel where thou spendest thy time, but also how thou art accompanied. For though the camomile, the 
O] As you love Rosalind, meet. [To SILVIUS] As you love Phebe, meet;- and as I love no woman, I'll meet. So, fare you well; I have left you commands. SILVIUS. I'l
rt? I think it is. And doth affection breed it? I think it doth. Is't frailty that thus errs? It is so too.
re all the world. Then how can it be said I am alone When all the world is here to look on me? DEMETRIUS. I'll ru
e, fie upon thee, strumpet! BIANCA. I am no strumpet, but of life as honest As you that thus abuse me. EMILIA. As I! foh! fie upon thee! IAGO. Kind gentlemen, let's g
 She is not well, but yet she has her health; she's very merry, but yet she is not well. But thanks be given, she's very well, and wants nothing i' th' 
er! APEMANTUS. Thou liest. POET. Art not one? APEMANTUS. Yes. POET. Then I lie not. APEMANTUS. Art not a poet? POET. Yes. APEMANTUS. Then thou l
sly he did it to that end; though soft-conscienc'd men can be content to say it was for his country, he did it to please his
. Thou wot, wot thou! thou wot, wot ta? Do, do, thou rogue! do, thou hemp-seed! PAGE. Away, you scullion! you rampallian! you fustilarian! I'll tickle your catastrophe. Ente
n But nature makes that mean; so over that art Which you say adds to nature, is an art That nature makes. You see, sweet maid, we marry A 
ers. Thou canst not frown, thou canst not look askance, Nor bite the lip, as angry wenches will, Nor hast thou pleasure to be cross in talk; But th
here no more be done? Priest. No more be done. We should profane the service of the dead To sing a requiem and such rest to her As to peace-parted souls. Laer. Lay her i' th' earth; 
n. I will entreat you, when you see my son, To tell him that his sword can never win The honour that he loses. More I'll entreat you Written to bear along. FIRST GENTLEMAN. We serve y
which is purposeless. Now this is not purposeless. Who is it who profits by it? There is the French ambassador, there is the Russian, there is who-ever might
he Tower. GLOUCESTER. Why, what should you fear? YORK. Marry, my uncle Clarence' angry ghost. My grandam told me he was murder'd there. PRINCE. I fear no uncles dead. GLOUCESTER. Nor none that live, 
woman. Let her descend, bully, let her descend; my chambers are honourible. Fie, privacy, fie! Enter FALSTAFF FALSTAFF. There was, mine host, an old fat woman even now with, me; but she's gone. SIMPL
ITES. Hum! PATROCLUS. And to procure safe conduct from Agamemnon. THERSITES. Agamemnon! PATROCLUS. Ay, my lord. THERSITES. Ha! PATROCLUS. What you say to't? THERSITES. God buy you, with all my hear
used thee. DESDEMONA. How? unlawfully? OTHELLO. Ay. DESDEMONA. He will not say so. OTHELLO. No, his mouth is s
g me rapidly into the cab when we had descended to the street. "I say into the cab, but I soon became doubtful as to whether it was not a carriage in which I found 
 "I should say that it was much more likely that it was the son of one of the moorland shepherds taking out his father's dinner." The least appearanc
rrant knave with your worship, which I beseech your worship to correct yourself, for the example of others. God keep your worship! I wish y
EARL OF SOMERSET, afterwards Duke RICHARD PLANTAGENET, son of Richard late Earl of Cambridge, afterwards DUKE OF YORK EARL OF WARWICK EARL
I pray you. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Sure ones, then. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Nay, not sure, in a thing falsi
 not kill thy soul. DESDEMONA. Talk you of killing? OTHELLO. Ay, I do. DESDEMONA. Then heaven have mercy on me! OTHELLO. Amen, with all my heart! DESDEMONA. If you say so, I hope you w
 talk me of Cassio. OTHELLO. The handkerchief! DESDEMONA. A man that all his time Hath founded his good fortunes on your love, Shared dangers with you- OTHELLO. The 
 our princess English? KING HENRY. I would have her learn, my fair cousin, how perfectly I love her; and that is good English. BURGUNDY. Is she not apt? KING HENRY. Our tongue is roug
 cause Of love between your daughter and himself; And- for the good report I hear of you, And for the love he beareth to your daughter, And she to him- to stay him not too long, I am content, i
O. You are in the right. Good night, lieutenant, I must to the watch. CASSIO. Good night, honest Iago. Exit. IAGO. And what's he then that
ry there is no one whose initials are those. Wait a bit though," he added after a pause. "There is Laura Lyons--her initials are L. L.--but she lives in Coombe Tracey." "Who is
 yet he talk'd wisely, and in the street too. Prince. Thou didst well; for wisdom cries out in the streets, and no man regards it. Fal
To ISABELLA] Y'are welcome; what's your will? ISABELLA. I am a woeful suitor to your honour, Please but your honour hear me. ANGELO. Well; what's your suit? ISABELLA. Ther
d, I think my wife be honest, and think she is not; I think that thou art just, and think thou art not. I'll have some proof. Her name, that was as fresh As Dian's visage, is now begrimed and black 
, save in the unlikely case that she had a second pair of glasses. I was forced, therefore, to seriously consider the hypothesis that she had remained within the house. On perceivin
nearer. Read it, great Caesar. CAESAR. What touches us ourself shall be last served. ARTEMIDORUS. Delay not, Caesar; read it instantly. CAESAR. What, is the fellow mad? PUB
William? WILLIAM. William, sir. TOUCHSTONE. A fair name. Wast born i' th' forest here? WILLIAM. Ay, sir, I thank God. TOUCHSTONE. 'Thank God.' A 
e noble knot he made. BRUTUS. I would he had. VOLUMNIA. 'I would he had!' 'Twas you incens'd the rabble- Cats that can judge as fitly of his worth As I
 Miss Stapleton, for ever since I have been here I have been conscious of shadows all round me. Life has become like that great Grimpen Mi
onceit in a turf of earth; fire enough for a flint, pearl enough for a swine; 'tis pretty; it is well. JAQUENETT
tand that you wrote to your son upon the day when this incident occurred." "No; I wrote upon the day before."
se? SICINIUS. There, Coriolanus. CORIOLANUS. May I change these garments? SICINIUS. You may, sir. CORIOLANUS. That I'll straight do, and, knowing myself again, Repair to th' Senate House. MENENI
dly thou didst answer me? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. What answer, sir? When spake I such a word? ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Even now,
 or thrice. You thought, because he could not speak English in the native garb, he could not therefore handle an English cudgel; you find it otherwise
ho will dare to come between?" "You don't know, Jack. You've been here too short a time. You don't know this 
ish country house. "So much I learned partly from village gossip and partly from my own observation. There are no better instruments than discharged servants with a grievan
E. What wouldst thou, boy? I love thee more and more; think more and more What's best to ask. Know'st him thou look'st on? Speak, Wilt have him live? Is he th
er Emilia. What's the matter with thee now? EMILIA. O, my good lord, yonder's foul murthers done! OTHELLO. What, now? EMILIA. But now, my lord. OTHELLO. It is the very error of the moon; She comes
my life, stol'n hence, and left me asleep! I have had a most rare vision. I have had a dream, past the wit of man to say what drea
dst thou deliver to me on the mart. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. I never spake with her in all my life. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. How can she thus, then, call us by our names, Unless it be by
he farmers or gentry there is no one whose initials are those. Wait a bit though," he added after a pause. "There is Laura Lyons--her initials are L. L.--but she lives in
 heaven forfend! I would not kill thy soul. DESDEMONA. Talk you of killing? OTHELLO. Ay, I do. DESDEMONA. Then heaven have mercy on me! O
. Were the relations between father and son very friendly?" "His Grace is never very friendly with anyone. He is completely immersed in large public questions, and is rather inaccessible t
k leave of my lady and mistress. CLOTEN. The first service thou dost me, fetch that suit hither. Let it be thy first service; go. PISANIO. I shall, my lord
nger. Friar John, go hence, Get me an iron crow and bring it straight Unto my cell. John. Brother, I'll go and bring it thee. Exit. Laur. Now, must I to the monument alon
's strange news come, sir. ENOBARBUS. What, man? EROS. Caesar and Lepidus have made wars upon Pompey. ENOBARBUS. This is old. What is the success? EROS. Caesar, having made use o
emed to be in a great hurry, bustling me rapidly into the cab when we had descended to the street. "I say into the cab, but I soon became doubtful as to 
mes as much as flesh and blood can endure. She's wearing away under it--just wearing away before my eyes." "Has she said anything yet?" "No, Mr. Holmes, she has not. And yet 
; no more, I hope. BRANDON. A monk o' th' Chartreux. BUCKINGHAM. O, Nicholas Hopkins? BRANDON. He. BUCKINGHAM. My surveyor is false. The o'er-great Cardinal Hath show'd him gold; my life is spann
n; I hope you do not mean to cheat me so. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Avaunt, thou witch! Come, Dromio, let us go. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. 'Fly pride' says the peacock. Mis
The good gods will mock me presently When I shall pray 'O, bless my lord and husband!' Undo that prayer by crying out as loud 'O, bless my brother!' Husb
 dinner they should not drop in his porridge. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. You would all this time have prov'd there is no time for all things. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Marry, and did, sir; name
in grave weeds, Rome could afford no tribunes like to these. A stone is soft as wax: tribunes more hard than stones. A stone is silent and offendeth not, And tri
for my money. I hope to see Romans as cheap as Volscians. They are rising, they are rising. BOTH. In, in, in, in! Exeun
Enter LORENZO and JESSICA LORENZO. The moon shines bright. In such a night as this, When the sweet wind did gently kiss the trees, And they did make no noise- in such a night, Troilus
along the passage and descend to the study immediately below her. She did not see him, but she says that she could not be mistaken in his quick, firm tread. She did not he
wit in my shoulders. But I pray, sir, why am I beaten? ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Dost thou not know? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Nothing,
s cold as any stone. NYM. They say he cried out of sack. HOSTESS. Ay, that 'a did. BARDOLPH. And of women. HOSTESS. Nay, that 'a did not. BOY. Yes, that 'a did, and said they were devil
 and three quarters, will not measure her from hip to hip. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Then she bears some breadth? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. No longer from head to
" "To meet a woman! He?" "Yes, sir." "And the woman's name?" "I can't give you the name, sir, but I can give you the initials. Her initials were L. L." "How do you know this, Barry
, he's that strange, sir. After you was gone he walked and he walked, up and down, and up and down, until I was weary of the sound of his footstep. Then I heard him talking to hims
enant, hold! You will be shamed forever. Re-enter Othello and Attendants. OTHELLO. What is the matter here? MONTANO. 'Zounds, I bleed still; I am hurt to the death. Faints. OTHELLO. Hold, f
rty shoe, and from heart-string I love the lovely bully. What is thy name? KING HENRY. Harry le Roy. PISTOL. Le Roy! a Cornish name; art thou of Cornish crew? KING HENRY. No, I am a Wels
 your Majesty all fear of future annoyance. If the lady loves her husband, she does not love your Majesty. If she does not 
hin, sir, but not to be spoken withal. VINCENTIO. What if a man bring him a hundred pound or two to make merry withal? PEDANT. Keep your hundred pounds to yourself; he shall need none so long as I
urkey-cock. FLUELLEN. 'Tis no matter for his swellings nor his turkey-cocks. God pless you, Aunchient Pistol! you scurvy, lousy knave, God pless you! PISTOL. Ha!
ERMIA. What! with Lysander? HELENA. With Demetrius. LYSANDER. Be not afraid; she shall not harm thee, Helena. DEMETRIUS. No, sir, she shall not, though you t
me back. "You had better stay here, Watson." "Why?" "Because I had a wire from Hilton Cubitt this morning--you remember Hilton Cubitt, of the dancing men? He was 
o tend on you. HECTOR. Thanks, and good night to the Greeks' general. MENELAUS. Good night, my lord. HECTOR. Good night, sweet Lord Menelaus. THERSITES. Sweet draught! 'Sweet' quoth 'a? Sweet
e was famous. "We have not done so, nor is it possible that we should do so. To inform the police must, in the long run, mean to inform the public. This is what we particul
 doth pray for thee. Enter the GHOST of BUCKINGHAM GHOST. [To RICHARD] The first was I that help'd thee to the crown; The last was I that felt thy tyranny. O, in the battle think on Buckingham
 and the bed had never been slept in. He had gone with the rest. The foreign host, the foreign footman, the foreign cook, all
e Pisanio- Who long'st like me to see thy lord, who long'st- O, let me 'bate!- but not like me, yet long'st, But in a fainter kind- O, not like me, For mine's beyond
s FIRST CITIZEN. Once, if he do require our voices, we ought not to deny him. SECOND CITIZEN. We may, sir, if we will. THIRD CITIZEN. We have power in ourselves to do it, but it is a power 
RMADO. Some enigma, some riddle; come, thy l'envoy; begin. COSTARD. No egma, no riddle, no l'envoy; no salve in the mail, sir. O, sir, plantain, a plain plantain; no l'envoy, no l'envoy; 
Watson, and receive any fresh visitors. I'll join you at lunch if I am able." All that day and the next and the next Holmes was 
ou welcome, my lord. Being reconciled to the Prince your brother, I owe you all duty. John. I thank you. I am not of many words, but I thank you. Leon. Please it your 
sing? I do not like des toys. Pray you, go and vetch me in my closet un boitier vert-a box, a green-a box. Do intend vat I speak? A green-a box. QUICKLY. Ay, forsooth, I'
fy augury; there's a special providence in the fall of a sparrow. If it be now, 'tis not to come', if it be not to come, it will be now; if it be not now, yet it will come: the r
se. [Exit.] 1. Mus. Ay, by my troth, the case may be amended. Enter Peter. Pet. Musicians, O, musicians, 'Heart's ease,' 'Heart's ease'! O, an y
e your children? LADY GREY. Ay, full as dearly as I love myself. KING EDWARD. And would you not do much to do them good? LADY GREY. To do them good I would sustain some 
 of thy brainsick son! What, wilt thou on thy death-bed play the ruffian And seek for sorrow with thy spectacles? O, where is faith? O, where is loyalty? If it be banish'd from the frosty head
rselves, no matter; for we must not seem to understand him, unless some one among us, whom we must produce for an interpreter. FIRST SOLDIER. Good captain, let me be th' interpreter. SECOND
nquer'd! ALCIBIADES. Why me, Timon? TIMON. That by killing of villains Thou wast born to conquer my country. Put up thy gold. Go on. Here's gold. Go on. Be as a plane
under a medlar tree And wish his mistress were that kind of fruit As maids call medlars when they laugh alone. O, Romeo, that she were, O that she were An open et cete
IDERIUS and ARVIRAGUS, sons to Cymbeline, disguised under the names of POLYDORE and CADWAL, supposed sons to Belarius PHILARIO, Italian, friend to Posthumus IACHIMO, Italian, fr
lowing. MACBETH. Thou are too like the spirit of Banquo Down! Thy crown does sear mine eyeballs. And thy hair, Thou other gold-bound brow, is like the first. A third is like the former. Filt
 CITIZEN. Descend. He comes down from the pulpit. THIRD CITIZEN. You shall have leave. FOURTH CITIZEN. A ring, stand round. FIRST CITIZEN. Stand from the hearse, stand from the b
 that I should come and teach music to his only daughter, aged ten. I said that I did not like to leave my mother, on which he suggested that I should 
? CHRISTOPHER. At Pembroke, or at Ha'rford west in Wales. STANLEY. What men of name resort to him? CHRISTOPHER. Sir Walter Herbert, a renowned soldier
ow much unlike art thou to Portia! How much unlike my hopes and my deservings! 'Who chooseth me shall have as much as he deserves.' Did I deserve no more than a fool's head? I
struck him down, for Lopez had remained to guard me. I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed. At first they
to such a canaries as 'tis wonderful. The best courtier of them all, when the court lay at Windsor, could never have brought her to such a canary. Yet there has been knights, an
y circumstance but to acquit myself. ANNE. Vouchsafe, diffus'd infection of a man, Of these known evils but to give me leave By circumstance to accuse thy cursed
O Cassio, Cassio, Cassio! IAGO. Gentlemen all, I do suspect this trash To be a party in this injury. Patience awhile, good Cassio. Come, come; Lend me a light. Know we t
a horse and trap, so that in future I should not pass over these lonely roads without some companion. "The horse and trap were to have come this week, but for so
re?" "Yes, sir. He wrote an answer." "Did you take it?" "No; he took it himself." "But he wrote it in your presence?" "Yes, sir. I was standing by the door, and he wit
 You mistake, sir; you mistake, sir. Pray, what do you think is his name? VINCENTIO. His name! As if I knew not his name! I have brought 
ce; follow, follow, follow. SHALLOW. Trust me, a mad host. Follow, gentlemen, follow. SLENDER. [Aside] O sweet Anne Page! Exeunt all but CAIUS and EVANS CAIUS. Ha, do I perceive dat
rth; Then must my sea be moved with her sighs; Then must my earth with her continual tears Become a deluge, overflow'd and drown'd; For why my bowels cannot hide her woes, But like a drunkard
s not Lord Timon's? What heart, head, sword, force, means, but is Lord Timon's? Great Timon, noble, worthy, royal Timon!' Ah! when the 
ptain Peter Carey's ship. If that were so, what had become of my father? In any case, if I could prove from Peter Carey's evidence how these securities came on the market it
 none shall know of his coming. The world shall know of the merchant Achmet no more, but the great treasure of the raja
at is, when a man is, as they say, accommodated; or, when a man is being-whereby 'a may be thought to be accommodated; which is an excellent t
 Enter QUEEN MARGARET, PRINCE EDWARD, SOMERSET, OXFORD, and SOLDIERS QUEEN MARGARET. Great lords, wise men ne'er sit and wail their loss, But cheerly seek how to redress their harm
temper'd too. CASSIUS. Do you confess so much? Give me your hand. BRUTUS. And my heart too. CASSIUS. O Brutus! BRUTUS. What's the 
sh him, nothing doubting your present assistance therein. LUCULLIUS. La, la, la, la! 'Nothing doubting' says he? Alas, good lord! a noble gentleman 'tis, if he wou
! OTHELLO. Do you triumph, Roman? Do you triumph? CASSIO. I marry her! What? A customer! I prithee, bear some charity to 
her? Swear by this bottle how thou cam'st hither-I escap'd upon a butt of sack, which the sailors heaved o'erboard- by this bottle, which I made of the bark of 
well appear the Salique law Was not devised for the realm of France; Nor did the French possess the Salique land Until four hundred one and twenty years A
 McMurdo. "I'll fight him with fists, or, if that won't satisfy him, I'll fight him any other way he c
 I heard say your lordship was sick; I hope your lordship goes abroad by advice. Your lordship, though not clean past your youth, hath yet some smack of age in you, some relish of the saltne
at? CRESSIDA. Good morrow, uncle Pandarus. PANDARUS. Good morrow, cousin Cressid. What do you talk of?- Good morrow, Alexander.-How do you, cousin? When were you at Ilium? 
s you an idea of Moriarty's gains and of the scale on which he works. Another point: I made it my business to hunt down some of Moriarty's checks lately--just common innocent checks that he pays 
ur knee be low. BOLINGBROKE. My gracious lord, I come but for mine own. KING RICHARD. Your own is yours, and I am yours, and all. BOLINGBROKE. So far be mine,
was for shrift. KING EDWARD. Brothers, you muse what chat we two have had. GLOUCESTER. The widow likes it not, for she looks very sad. KING EDWARD. You'd think it strange if I should m
bed?" "Yes, sir, she must have been a cool hand." I saw an intent look pass over Holmes's face. "You say that she must have come back this w
t come presently to the mines; the Duke of Gloucester would speak with you. FLUELLEN. To the mines! Tell you the Duke it is not so good to come to the mines; for, look you, the mines is not acc
ess of the tavern a most sweet wench? Prince. As the honey of Hybla, my old lad of the castle- and is not a buff jerkin a most sweet 
 gallows is built stronger than the church. Argal, the gallows may do well to thee. To't again, come! Other. Who builds stronger than a mason, a shipwright, or a carpenter? Clown. Ay,
e to QUICKLY] 'Tis a great charge to come under one body's hand. QUICKLY. [Aside to SIMPLE] Are you avis'd o' that? You shall find it a great charge; and to be up early and down late; but notwith
way hast thou been? SOOTHSAYER. At mine own house, good lady. PORTIA. What is't o'clock? SOOTHSAYER. About the ninth hour, lady. PORTIA. Is Caesar yet gone to 
 Well, sir, what did this gentleman to her? POMPEY. I beseech you, sir, look in this gentleman's face. Good Master Froth, look upon his honour; 'tis for a good purpose. Doth your honour mark 
gh Prince, the mighty Duke of York! SOMERSET. [Aside] Perish, base Prince, ignoble Duke of York! GLOUCESTER. Now will it bes
 of ransom-yea or no? SUFFOLK. [Aside] Fond man, remember that thou hast a wife; Then how can Margaret be thy paramour? MARGARET. I were best leave him, for he will not hear. SUFFOLK. [Asid
 they wed: maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives. I will be more jealous of thee than a Barbary cock-pigeon over his hen, more clamorous than
 is base, where her shoe, which is baser, guided by her foot, which is basest, doth tread. I shall be forsworn- which is a great argument of falsehood- if I love. And how can that be tr
 You have not heard of the proclamation, have you? MRS. OVERDONE. What proclamation, man? POMPEY. All houses in the s
ove Put on by us, if in your heavenly eyes Have misbecom'd our oaths and gravities, Those heavenly eyes that look i
et sorrow say. Exeunt SCENE 2. The DUKE OF YORK's palace Enter the DUKE OF YORK and the DUCHESS DUCHESS. My Lord, you told me you would tell the rest, When weeping made you break
LAND. The Commons will not, then, be satisfied. KING RICHARD. They shall be satisfied. I'll read enough, When I do see the very book indeed Where all my sins are writ,
ith you, wife. How? Will she none? Doth she not give us thanks? Is she not proud? Doth she not count her blest, Unworthy as she is, that we have wrought So w
ceived again. OTHELLO. Fetch me the handkerchief, my mind misgives. DESDEMONA. Come, come, You'll never meet a more sufficient man. OTHELLO. The handkerchief! DESDEMONA. I pray, talk m
nter SUFFOLK and WARWICK, with their weapons drawn KING. Why, how now, lords, your wrathful weapons drawn Here in our presence! Dare you be so bold? Why, what tumultuous clamour have we here
se. <Exeunt SCENE 2 Before the house of ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS Enter LUCIANA with ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE LUCIANA. And may it be that you have quite forgot A husband's office? Sha
Re-enter SUFFOLK and WARWICK, with their weapons drawn KING. Why, how now, lords, your wrathful weapons drawn Here in our presen
th chanced today That Caesar looks so sad. CASCA. Why, you were with him, were you not? BRUTUS. I should not then ask Casca what had chanced. CASCA. Why, there was a crown offered him, and being of
re ever it occurred? We have only to lay our hands on that man, and the rest will follow." "No doubt, Mr. Mac. But how do you propose to lay your hands on the so-called Por
unes made May readily be stopp'd. Re-enter YOUNG CLIFFORD YOUNG CLIFFORD. But that my heart's on future mischief set, I would speak blasphemy er
UTUS. When I spoke that, I was ill-temper'd too. CASSIUS. Do you confess so much? Give me your hand. BRUTUS. And my heart too. CASSIUS. O Brutus! BRUTUS. What's the matter? CASSI
ANNE. And thou unfit for any place but hell. GLOUCESTER. Yes, one place else, if you will hear me name it. ANNE. Some dungeon. GLOUCESTER. Your b
Stapleton exercised an influence over her which may have been love or may have been fear, or very possibly both, since they are by no means incompatible emotions. I
s a negative one," said Holmes. "I have seen Forbes, and I have seen your uncle, and I have set one or two trains of inquiry upon foot which may lead to something." "You have not lost heart, then?" 
that a charitable couple had called some days before, that they had claimed an imbecile old woman as a former servant, and that they had obtained permissio
 seem to indicate that the book is one which he thought I would have no difficulty in finding for myself. He had it--and he imagined that I would have it, too. In short, Watson, it is a very commo
e voice of the recorded law, Pronounce a sentence on your brother's life; Might there not be a charity in sin To save this brother's life? ISABELLA. Please 
 You would quickly learn to know him by his voice. SILVIA. Sir Proteus, as I take it. PROTEUS. Sir Proteus, gentle lady, and your servant. SIL
 fifty talents, hath sent to your lordship to furnish him, nothing doubting your present assistance therein. LUCULLIUS. La, la, la, la! 'Nothing doubting' says he? Alas, 
at decks a thing divine! Ah, Silvia! Silvia! SPEED. [Calling] Madam Silvia! Madam Silvia! VALENTINE. How now, sirrah? SPEED. She is not within hearing, sir. VALENTI
ay! Exeunt SCENE IV. The field of battle Alarum. Excursions. Enter FRENCH SOLDIER, PISTOL, and BOY PISTOL. Yield, cur! FRENCH SOLDIER. Je pense que vous etes
w?" I asked, as we left the office. "We are now going to interview Lord Holdhurst, the cabinet minister and future premier of England." We were fortunate in finding that Lord Holdhurst was still i
h side of the Queen? THIRD GENTLEMAN. Stokesly and Gardiner: the one of Winchester, Newly preferr'd from the King's secretary; The other, London. SECOND GENTLEMAN. He of Winchester Is h
t friend demand why Brutus rose against Caesar, this is my answer: Not that I loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more. Had you rather Caesar were
th him. "Any news, Inspector?" "We have got the boy, sir." "Excellent, and I have got the men." "You have got them!" we cried, all three. "Well, at least I have got their identity. This so-call
, that you should have taken such a step without consulting him." "When I learned that the police had failed--" "His Grace is by no means convinced that the pol
paper in his pocket. "'There is one other detail,' said he. 'What do you intend to do about Mawson's?' "I had forgotten all about Mawson's in my joy. 'I'l
 some will mourn in ashes, some coal-black, For the deposing of a rightful king. Enter NORTHUMBERLAND attended NORTHUMBERLAND. My lord, the mind of Bolingbroke is chang'd; You must to Po
therwise 'tis light, and not heavy. Ask my Lady Beatrice else. Here she comes. Enter Beatrice. Hero. Good morrow, coz. Beat. Good morrow, sweet Hero. Hero. Why, how now? Do
RDERER. What if it come to thee again? SECOND MURDERER. I'll not meddle with it-it makes a man coward: a man cannot steal, but it accuseth him; a man cannot swear, but it checks him; a man can
 piece of very simple reasoning." "Oh, come, now, come! Never be ashamed to own up. But what is all this? Bad business! Bad business! Stern facts here,--no room for theories. How lucky th
t! I tell you that the cloud of murder hangs thicker and lower than that over the heads of the people. It is the Valley of Fear, the Valley of Death. The terror is in the heart
 the market price for a governess, but does not keep a horse although six miles from the station? Odd, Watson--very odd!" "You will go down?" "No, my dear fellow, you will go down. Thi
 battle, shall join together at the latter day and cry all 'We died at such a place'- some swearing, some crying for a surgeon, some upon their wives left poor behind them, some upon the debts they
 grain will grow and which will not, Speak then to me, who neither beg nor fear Your favors nor your hate. FIRST WITCH. Hail! SECOND WITCH. Hail! THIRD WITCH. Hail! FIRST WITCH. Lesser than M
gs o' th' street to bay me. Every villain Be call'd Posthumus Leonatus, and Be villainy less than 'twas! O Imogen! My queen, my life, my wife! O Imogen, Imogen, Imogen! IMOGEN. Peace, my lord. Hear
udden chuckle of comprehension. "And not a very obscure cipher, Watson," said he. "Why, of course, it is Italian! The A means that it is addressed to a woman. 'Beware! Beware! Beware!' How's th
 my business to find an answer. Here and there also there is an irritation. It is my business to soothe it. But I can assure you that so far as the essentials g
EED. 'Item: She is proud.' LAUNCE. Out with that too; it was Eve's legacy, and cannot be ta'en from her. SPEED. 'Item: She hath no teeth.' LAUN
would not go to the police, and he would not go to you, and so at last, as he would do nothing and kept on saying that there 
rs with it when I go from home; welcom'd home with it when I return; nay, I bear it on my shoulders as beggar wont her brat; and I think, when he hath lam'd me, I shall beg with i
le! THIRD CITIZEN. Then, masters, look to see a troublous world. FIRST CITIZEN. No, no; by God's good grace, his son shall reign. THIRD CITIZEN. Woe to that land that's govern'd 
 and bid us follow him? HERMIA. Yea, and my father. HELENA. And Hippolyta. LYSANDER. And he did bid us follow to the temple. DEMETRIUS. Why, then, we are awake; let's follow him; And by the w
 to-day? ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. I, gentle mistress. ADRIANA. And are not you my husband? ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHES
. Good uncle, I beseech you, on my knees I beseech you, what's the matter? PANDARUS. Thou must be gone,
o, knock, I say. GRUMIO. Knock, sir! Whom should I knock? Is there any man has rebus'd your worship? PETRUCHIO. Villain, I say, knock me here soundly. GRUMIO. Knock you here, sir? Why, si
 Samson so tempted, and he had an excellent strength; yet was Solomon so seduced, and he had a very good wit. Cupid's butt-shaft is too hard for Hercules' club, and therefore too much odds
 met but they look'd; no sooner look'd but they lov'd; no sooner lov'd but they sigh'd; no sooner sigh'd but they ask'd o
I'll have no husband, if you be not he; Nor ne'er wed woman, if you be not she. HYMEN. Peace, ho! I bar confusion; 'Tis I must make conclusion Of these most s
nd me your knees, and all my life to come I'll lend you all my life to do you service. DUKE. Against all sense you do importune her. Should she k
? ALICE. De nick, madame. KATHERINE. De nick. Et le menton? ALICE. De chin. KATHERINE. De sin. Le col, de nick; le menton, de sin. ALICE. Oui. Sauf votre honneur, en verite, vous prononcez le
. SON. What is a traitor? LADY MACDUFF. Why one that swears and lies. SON. And be all traitors that do so? LADY MACDUFF. Everyone that does so is a traitor and must be
acbeth. How now, what news? LADY MACBETH. He has almost supp'd. Why have you left the chamber? MACBETH. Hath he ask'd for me? LADY MACBETH. Know you not 
ermined in my own mind that the man who had walked into the house with Drebber, was none other than the man who had
cealed a piece of the glass in my handkerchief. On the next occasion, in the midst of my laughter, I put my handkerchief up to my eyes, and was able with a little man
here's the villainy. GRUMIO. Error i' th' bill, sir; error i' th' bill! I commanded the sleeves should be cut out, and sew'd up again; and that I'll prove upon thee,
 than before." "So I think. But if we can only trace L. L. it should clear up the whole business. We have gained that much. We know that there is someone who has the facts if we can only 
TH. How mean you, sir? I pretty, and my saying apt? or I apt, and my saying pretty? ARMADO. Thou pretty, because little. MOTH. Little pretty, be
s on the inside of this case. Inference,--that your brother was often at low water. Secondary inference,--that he had occasional bursts of prosperity, or he could not have redeemed the pledge. Fi
e are justices, and doctors, and churchmen, Master Page, we have some salt of our youth in us; we are the sons of women, Master Page. PAGE. 'Tis true, Master Sh
N HELENA. 'Till I have no wife, I have nothing in France.' Nothing in France until he has no wife! Thou shalt have none, Rousillon, none 
P.>> ACT IV. SCENE 1 A public place Enter SECOND MERCHANT, ANGELO, and an OFFICER SECOND MERCHANT. You know since Pentecost the sum is due, And since I have not much 
y sorry that he'll be glad of this. SECOND LORD. How mightily sometimes we make us comforts of our losses! FIRST LORD. And how mightily some other times we drown our gain i
desire is to help the law in every possible way." "I am sure of it, Mr. Scott Eccles--I am sure of it," said Inspector Gregson in a very amiable tone.
g which was best, we shall part with neither. DROMIO OF EPHESUS. They stand at the door, master; bid them welcome hither. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. There is something in th
o; it was Eve's legacy, and cannot be ta'en from her. SPEED. 'Item: She hath no teeth.' LAUNCE. I care not for that neither, because I love crusts. SPEED. 'Item: 
sue Philippe, a daughter, Who married Edmund Mortimer, Earl of March; Edmund had issue, Roger Earl of March; Roger had issue, Edmund, Anne, and Eleanor. SALISBURY. This Edmund, in
 have you been? I must wait on myself, must I? You have not the Book of Riddles about you, have you? SIMPLE. Book of Riddles! Why, did you not len
make shift for one; and so God's curse light upon you all! ALL. We'll follow Cade, we'll follow Cade! CLIFFORD. Is Cade the son of Henry the Fifth, That thus you do exclaim you'll go with him?
onstable; what say you to it? ELBOW. First, an it like you, the house is a respected house; next, this is a respected fel
m I see and hear. ANGELO. That is the chain, sir, which you had of me. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. I think it be, sir; I deny it not. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. A
ORESTER. Hereby, upon the edge of yonder coppice; A stand where you may make the fairest shoot. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. I thank my beauty I am fair that shoot, And thereupon thou speak'st the fairest sho
Aufidius ADRIAN, a Volscian A CITIZEN of Antium TWO VOLSCIAN GUARDS VOLUMNIA, mother to Coriolanus VIRGILIA, wife to Coriolanus VALERIA, frie
 familiar; Love is a devil. There is no evil angel but Love. Yet was Samson so tempted, and he had an excellent strength; yet was Solomon so seduced, and he had a ve
NDELLO Now, where's my wife? BIONDELLO. She says you have some goodly jest in hand: She will not come; she bids you come to her. PETRUCHIO. Worse and worse; she will not come
 such division 'tween our souls! Let it not, Brutus. BRUTUS. Everything is well. CASSIUS. Good night, my lord. BRUTUS. Good night, good brother. TITINIUS. MESSALA.
ous in my wish To wish myself much better, yet for you I would be trebled twenty times myself, A thousand times more fair, ten thousand times 
PEED. 'Item: She is proud.' LAUNCE. Out with that too; it was Eve's legacy, and cannot be ta'en from her. SPEED. 'Item: She hath no teeth.' LAUNCE. I care not for that neither, becaus
ion. ROSALINE. What would they, say they? BOYET. Nothing but peace and gentle visitation. ROSALINE. Why, that they hav
der son of Duncan DONALBAIN, younger son of Duncan BANQUO, Thane of Lochaber, a general in the King's army FLEANCE, his son LENNOX, nobleman of Scotland ROSS, nobl
arry, I thank you for it; I thank you for that good comfort. She calls you, coz; I'll leave you. ANNE. Now, Master Slender- SLENDER. Now, good Mistress Anne- ANNE. What is your will
cousin. PRINCE JOHN. We meet like men that had forgot to speak. WARWICK. We do remember; but our argument Is all too heavy to admit much talk. PRINCE JOHN. Well, peace be with him that hath m
r concave shores? And do you now put on your best attire? And do you now cull out a holiday? And do you no
ercy troublesome. LADY NORTHUMBERLAND. I have given over, I will speak no more. Do what you will; your wisdom be your guide. NORTHUMBERLAND. A
 head, Peaseblossom. Where's Mounsieur Cobweb? COBWEB. Ready. BOTTOM. Mounsieur Cobweb; good mounsieur, get you your weapons in your hand and kill me a red-hipp'd humble-bee on the top of a thistle;
ve been here too short a time. You don't know this Baldwin. You don't know McGinty and his Scowrers." "No, I don't know them, and I don't fear the
 th' other day, and now he has beat it out of my hat. Did you see my jewel? THIRD LORD. Did you see my cap? SECOND LORD. Here 'tis. FOURTH LORD. Here lies my gown. FIRST LORD. Let's make 
hear me; I will roar that I will make the Duke say 'Let him roar again, let him roar again.' QUINCE. An you should do it too terribly, you would fright the Duchess and the ladies
 Cassius, go you into the other street And part the numbers. Those that will hear me speak, let 'em stay here; Those that will follow 
y; we will talk with him. [Trumpets sound a parley] CHARLES. A parley with the Duke of Burgundy! BURGUNDY. Who craves a parley with the Burgundy? PUCELLE. The princely Charles of Fran
 of trust, forget to say, The perfect ceremony of love's rite, And in mine own love's strength seem to decay, O'ercharged with burthen of mine own love's might: O let my looks be the
r was so true begot; It cannot be, an if thou wert his mother. ELINOR. There's a good mother, boy, that blots thy father. CONSTANCE. There's a good grandam, boy, that would blot thee. AUSTRIA. Peace
ell met! COSTARD. Pray you, sir, how much carnation ribbon may a man buy for a remuneration? BEROWNE. What is a remuneration? COSTARD. Marry, sir
r, were he out of Venice, I can make what merchandise I will. Go, Tubal, and meet me at our synagogue; go, good Tubal; at our synagogue, Tubal.
eigh with the folly. Follow me, Ned. Exeunt SCENE III. Warkworth. Before the castle Enter NORTHUMBERLAND, LADY NORTHUMBERLAND, and LADY PERCY NORTHUMBERLAND. I pray t
hy pump, that, when the single sole of it is worn, the jest may remain, after the wearing, solely singular. Rom. O single-sold jest, solely singular for the singleness! Mer. Come between us, go
ist should be fit. Are not you the chief woman? You are the thickest here. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. What's your will, sir? What's your will? COSTARD. I have a letter from Monsie
t has this to do with the matter you are investigating?" "I must repeat the question." "Well, I refuse to answer." "You can refuse to answer; but you must be awar
hou so oppress me with thine eye? ACHILLES. Tell me, you heavens, in which part of his body Shall I destroy him? Whether there, or there, or there? That I may give the local wound a name, And m
jected. "No offense, stranger," said one. "It was a warning for your own good, seeing that you are, by your own showing, new to the place." "I'm new to the place; but I'm not new to you and 
 APEMANTUS. Where liest a nights, Timon? TIMON. Under that's above me. Where feed'st thou a days, Apemantus? APEMANTUS. Where my stomach. finds meat; or rathe
 you. PETRUCHIO. It cannot be. KATHERINA. Let me entreat you. PETRUCHIO. I am content. KATHERINA. Are you content to stay? PE
aning in a lawful deed, And lawful meaning in a lawful act; Where both not sin, and yet a sinful fact. But let's about it. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VE
it off. QUEEN MARGARET. The more we stay, the stronger grows our foe. LEWIS. The more I stay, the more I'll succour thee. QUEEN MARGARET. O, but impatience waiteth on true 
y School The Adventure of Black Peter The Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton The Adventure of the Six Napoleons The
rded spy in the hansom, the loss of the new brown boot, the loss of the old black boot, and now the r
d by thee? CLARENCE. My brother's love, the devil, and my rage. FIRST MURDERER. Thy brother's love, our duty, and thy faults, Provoke us hither now to slaught
 to place me in the dock. I tell you that I will never stand in the dock. You hope to beat me. I tell you that you will n
n? Let me see wherein My tongue hath wrong'd him: if it do him right, Then he hath wrong'd himself; if he be free, Why then my taxing like a wild-goo
ry Stands on the hourly thought. Edg. I thank you sir. That's all. Gent. Though that the Queen on special cause is here, Her army is mov'd on. Edg. I thank you, sir Exit [Gentleman]. 
y.' SPEED. You mistook, sir; I say she did nod; and you ask me if she did nod; and I say 'Ay.' PROTEUS. And that set together is 'n
s, and all foul ways! Was ever man so beaten? Was ever man so ray'd? Was ever man so weary? I am sent bef
se us! ISIDORE'S SERVANT. A plague upon him, dog! VARRO'S SERVANT. How dost, fool? APEMANTUS. Dost dialogue with thy shadow? VARRO'S SERVANT. I speak not to thee. APEMANTUS. N
 what is your will? OTHELLO. Pray, chuck, come hither. DESDEMONA. What is your pleasure? OTHELLO. Let me see your eyes; Look in my face. DESDEMONA. What horrible fancy'
remember that she was senseless at the moment when the bottle was opened." "Quite so. As a matter of fact that screw was not used. This bottle was opened by a p
 did we should have them, for every port is watched. But my own views are different. Yes, sir, my own views are very different." "You have a theory then?" "And I'l
at! I am not bestraught. [Taking a pot of ale] Here's- THIRD SERVANT. O, this it is that makes your lady mourn! SECOND SERVANT. O, this
air of quiet amusement. "Holmes!" I exclaimed. "You here! But where is the old man?" "Here is the old man,"
t thou? OLIVIA. Good fool, for my brother's death. CLOWN. I think his soul is in hell, madonna. OLIVIA. I know his soul is in heaven, fool. CLOWN
S. Well, no more of it, Master Froth; farewell. [Exit FROTH] Come you hither to me, Master Tapster; what's your name, Master Tapster? POMPEY. Pompey. ESCALUS. What else? POMPEY. Bum, 
POMPEY How now! what's the news with you? POMPEY. Yonder man is carried to prison. MRS. OVERDONE. Well, what has he done? POMPEY. A woman. MRS. OVERDONE. But what's his offence? POMPEY. Groping for
 it was a splay-foot, and here's the explanation. But what's the game, Mr. Holmes--what's the game?" "Ay, what's the game?" my friend repe
lly to his lips. He spoke it with anger and a sort of horror. McGinty was the name--Bodymaster McGinty. I asked him when he recovered who Bodymaster McGinty was, and w
y turn, and I went through him as if he had been a rotten pumpkin. Do you think I was sorry? Not I! It was his life or mine, but far more than that it was his life or hers, for how could
 Marcius Coriolanus. Bear th' addition nobly ever! [Flourish. Trumpets sound, and drums] ALL. Caius Marcius Coriolanus! CO
 knife through the sash and pushed back the catch. Then he flung open the window, and putting his knife through the crack in the
was he waiting for that night, and why was he waiting for him in the Yew Alley rather than in his own house
 joy, being altogether wanting, It doth remember me the more of sorrow; Or if of grief, being altogether had, It adds more sorrow to my want of joy; For 
still to save his life; The commons haply rise to save his life; And yet we have but trivial argument, More than mistrust, that shows him worthy death. YORK. So that, by this, you w
thin me. "I have brought you something which is worth all the news in the world. I have brought you a fortune." She glanced at iron box. "Is that the treasure
 says my conscience. 'Conscience,' say I, (you counsel well.' 'Fiend,' say I, 'you counsel well.' To be rul'd by my conscience, I should stay with the Jew my master
 the passers-by. This is the man whom we now learn to have been the lodger at the opium den, and to have been the last man
, sirrah? Con. I am a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade. Dog. Write down Master Gentleman Conrade. Masters, do you serve God? Both. Yea, sir, we hope. Dog. Write down that they hope they se
an expression he has used when I questioned him. 'I have been in the Valley of Fear. I am not out of it yet.'--'Are we never to get out of the Valley of Fear?'
 honest. IAGO. My lord, for aught I know. OTHELLO. What dost thou think? IAGO. Think, my lord? OTHELLO. Think, my lord? By he
have greatness thrust upon them.' OLIVIA. Heaven restore thee! MALVOLIO. 'Remember who commended thy yellow stockings,'- OLIVIA. 'Thy yellow stockings?
e, thou anticipatest my dread exploits. The flighty purpose never is o'ertook Unless the deed go with it. From this moment The very firstlings of my heart shall be The firstlings of my h
 Am I not stay'd for, Cinna? CINNA. I am glad on't. What a fearful night is this! There's two or three of us have seen strange sights. CASSIUS. Am I not stay'd for? Tel
 the rain it raineth every day. But when I came, alas! to wive, With hey, ho, the wind and the rain, By swaggering could I never thrive, For the rain it raineth
rgument for kissing once. PATROCLUS. But that's no argument for kissing now; For thus popp'd Paris in his hardiment, And parted thus you and your argument. ULYSSES. O deadl
! CASSIO. Alas, poor caitiff! OTHELLO. Look, how he laughs already! IAGO. I never knew a woman love man so. CASSIO. Alas, poor rogue! I think, i'faith, she loves me. OTHELLO. Now he den
, that in the battle thus Thou crossest me? What honour dost thou seek Upon my head? Doug. Know then my name is Douglas, And I do haunt thee in the battle thus Because some tell me that thou art a 
mmand, entreats. QUEEN ELIZABETH. That at her hands which the King's King forbids. KING RICHARD. Say she shall be a high and mighty queen. QUEEN ELIZABETH. To wail the title, as her mother dot
o other harm but loss of such a lord. QUEEN ELIZABETH. The loss of such a lord includes all harms. GREY. The heavens have bless'd you with a good
comes? BIONDELLO. Who? that Petruchio came? BAPTISTA. Ay, that Petruchio came. BIONDELLO. No, sir; I say his horse comes with him on his back. BAPTISTA. Why, that's all one. BIONDELL
u come not home because you have no stomach, You have no stomach, having broke your fast; But we, that know what 'tis to fa
great care to please his wife. DROMIO OF EPHESUS. Why, mistress, sure my master is horn-mad. ADRIANA. Horn-mad, thou villain! DROMIO OF EPHESUS. I mean not
m," said our client, rising. "I have solved it." "Eh? What was that?" "I say that I have solved it." "Where, then, is my wife?"
. Flourish. Enter Gloucester, with France and Burgundy; Attendants. Glou. Here's France and Burgundy, my noble lord. Lear. 
month?' "'The sixth from the first.' "'Where was the sun?' "'Over the oak.' "'Where was the shadow?' "'Under the elm.' 
und of the Baskervilles A Retrospection CHAPTER I Mr. Sherlock Holmes Mr. Sherlock Holmes, who was usually very late in the mornings, sa
rse in a country new. Exit. Flourish. Enter Gloucester, with France and Burgundy; Attendants. Glou. Here's France and Burgundy, my noble lord. Lear. My Lord of B
his bonds, And gain a husband by his liberty. Speak, old Aegeon, if thou be'st the man That hadst a wife once call'd Aemilia, That bore thee at a burden two fair sons. O, if thou be'st the same Aegeo
 Goneril. A Captain under Edmund's command. Gentlemen. A Herald. Servants to Cornwall. Goneril, daughter to Lear. Regan, daughter to Lear. Cordelia,
could not be judg'd, sir. SLENDER. You'll not confess, you'll not confess. SHALLOW. That he will not. 'Tis your fault; 'tis your fault; 'tis a good dog. PAGE. A cur
at I see, John Bull will be on his hind legs and fair ramping. I'd rather watch him from over the water." "But you're an American citizen?" "Well, so was Jack James an American citizen,
 with him to prison! Where is the Provost? Away with him to prison! Lay bolts enough upon him; let him speak no more. Away with those giglets too, and with the other confe
pray you mar no more trees with writing love songs in their barks. ORLANDO. I pray you mar no more of my verses with reading them ill-favouredly. JAQUES. Ros
 a word. Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow Creeps in this petty pace from day to day To the last syll
, once called the Tiger of San Pedro." The Tiger of San Pedro! The whole history of the man came back to me in a flash. He had made his name as the most lewd 
ove to the Moor- put money in thy purse- nor he his to her. It was a violent commencement, and thou shalt see an answerable sequestration- put but money in thy purse. These Moors are change
o fetch fire. THIRD CITIZEN. Pluck down benches. FOURTH CITIZEN. Pluck down forms, windows, anything. Exeunt Citizens with the body. ANTONY. Now let it 
 time for such a word. Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow Creeps in this petty pace from day to day To the last syllable of recorded time; And all our yesterdays have lighted fools The
that he can't be beat. But you must give me time--you must give me time!" We all sat in silence for some minutes, while those fateful eyes 
him in my apparel and make him my waiting gentlewoman? He that hath a beard is more than a youth, and he that hath no beard is less than a man; and he that is more than a youth i
nor hazard aught for lead. What says the silver with her virgin hue? 'Who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves.' As much as he deserves! Pause there, Morocco, And weigh thy val
; and in some sort it jumps with my humour as well as waiting in the court, I can tell you. Prince. For obtaining of suits? Fal. Yea, for obtaining of suits, whe
give nor hazard aught for lead. What says the silver with her virgin hue? 'Who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves.' As much as he deserves! Pause
 (within) Madam! Jul. I come, anon.- But if thou meanest not well, I do beseech thee- Nurse. (within) Madam! Jul. By-an
 I had good argument for kissing once. PATROCLUS. But that's no argument for kissing now; For thus popp'd Paris in his hardiment, And parted thus you and your argument. U
 an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers. Therefore he that cannot lick his fingers goes not with me. Cap. Go, begone. Exit 
." "But you are joking. What can you gather from this old battered felt?" "Here is my lens. You know my methods. What can you gather yourself as to the individuality of the man who has worn this arti
 that place some hour hence. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Do so; this jest shall cost me some expense. <Exeunt SCENE 2 Before the house of ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS Enter LUCIAN
Duke will drink under this tree. He hath been all this day to look you. JAQUES. And I have been all this day to avoid him
erowne, read it over. [BEROWNE reads the letter] Where hadst thou it? JAQUENETTA. Of Costard. KING. Where hadst thou it? COSTARD. Of Dun Adramadio, Dun Adr
 prove to you that he should have done it some other way. What does he mean by allowing his retreat to be cut off like that? What does he mean by using a shotgun when silence was his one chance of e
t first let me see, let me see, let me see. FABIAN. What dish o' poison has she dress'd him! SIR TOBY. And with what wing the staniel checks at it! MALVOLIO. 'I may command where I ador
 doctor? No; he gives me the potions and the motions. Shall I lose my parson, my priest, my Sir Hugh? No; he gives me the proverbs and the noverbs. Give me th
 hand and call'd me brother; and then the two kings call'd my father brother; and then the Prince, my brother, and the Princess, my sister, call'd my father father
nt no money, Sir John; you shall want none. FALSTAFF. Want no Mistress Ford, Master Brook; you shall want none. I shall be with her, I may tell you, by her own appointment; even as
tage of meeting Dr. Mortimer and Sir Henry Baskerville in the morning." CHAPTER IV Sir Henry Baskerville Our breakfast-table was cleared early, and Holmes waited in his dressin
 and dismember me. Husband, I cannot pray that thou mayst win; Uncle, I needs must pray that thou mayst lose; Father, I may not 
good sir! FALSTAFF. I say you shall. FORD. Want no money, Sir John; you shall want none. FALSTAFF. Want no Mistress Ford, Master Brook; you shall want none. I shall be with her, I 
lles The Valley Of Fear His Last Bow Preface The Adventure of Wisteria Lodge The Adventure of the Cardboard Box The Adventure of the Red Circle The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans The
two things. HELENA. What two things? CLOWN. One, that she's not in heaven, whither God send her quickly! The other, that she's in earth, from whence God send her quickly! Enter P
s a gentleman born before my father; for the King's son took me by the hand and call'd me brother; and then the two kings call'd my father brother; and then the Prince, my brother
 will finish up the year, How many years a mortal man may live. When this is known, then to divide the times- So many hours must I tend my flock; So many hours must I take my rest; S
re, my lord. OTHELLO. That which I gave you. DESDEMONA. I have it not about me. OTHELLO. Not? DESDEMONA. No, faith, my lord. OTHELLO. That's a fault. That handkerchief D
ething hard. But I came here in answer to a letter from Mrs. Hilton Cubitt. Don't tell me that she is in this? Don't tell me that she helped to set a trap for me?" "Mrs. Hilton
 up against something hard. But I came here in answer to a letter from Mrs. Hilton Cubitt. Don't tell me that she is in this? Don't tell me that she h
. Again and again I had to ask him whether he would give in and sign the documents. Again and again I had the sam
and? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Marry, sir, in her buttocks; I found it out by the bogs. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Where Scotland? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. I found i
e old axiom that when all other contingencies fail, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Here all other contingencies have failed. When I found that the leading int
 for "The Adventure of the Dancing Men", "The Adventure of the Priory School", "The Adventure of the Golden Pince-N
 was turned on. The door closed once more, and the pungent reek of a strong cigar was borne to our nostrils. Then the footsteps continued backwards and forwards, backwards and forwards, within
arried? PANDARUS. Ay, the grinding; but you must tarry the bolting. TROILUS. Have I not tarried? PANDARUS. Ay, the bolting
taxes; And quite lost their hearts; the nobles hath he find For ancient quarrels and quite lost their hearts. WILLOUGHBY. And daily new exactions are devis'd, As blanks, benevolences, and I wot not
H CITIZEN. Tear him for his bad verses, tear him for his bad verses. CINNA. I am not Cinna the conspirator. FOURTH CITIZEN
 of the Council rated me the other day in the street about you, sir, but I mark'd him not; and yet he talked very wisely, but I regarded him not; and yet he talk'd wisely, and in the
him. "Oh, Mr. Thaddeus, sir, I am so glad you have come! I am so glad you have come, Mr. Thaddeus, sir!" We heard her reiter
? I think most understand Bohemia stays here longer. LEONTES. Ha? CAMILLO. Stays here longer. LEONTES. Ay, but why? CAMILL
th pleasure at the very sight of him. "Oh, Mr. Thaddeus, sir, I am so glad you have come! I am so glad you have come, Mr. Thaddeus, sir!" We heard her reiterated rejoicings until
n A SEA CAPTAIN, friend of Viola VALENTINE, gentleman attending on the Duke CURIO, gentleman attending on the
e flattering table of her eye. [Whispers with BLANCH] BASTARD. [Aside] Drawn in the flattering table of her eye, Hang'd in the frowning wrinkle of her brow, And quarter'd in her h
is the cherisher of my flesh and blood; he that cherishes my flesh and blood loves my flesh and blood; he that loves my flesh and blood is my frien
am Kirwan was fired. Mr. Cunningham saw him from the bedroom window, and Mr. Alec Cunningham saw him from the ba
anst not! My staff understands me. SPEED. What thou say'st? LAUNCE. Ay, and what I do too; look thee, I'll but lean, and my staff understands me. SPEED. It stands under thee
er love did make thee run into, Thou hast not lov'd; Or if thou hast not sat as I do now, Wearing thy hearer in thy mistress' praise, Thou hast not lov'd; Or if tho
D SERVANT. Under the canopy? CORIOLANUS. Ay. THIRD SERVANT. Where's that? CORIOLANUS. I' th' city of kites and crows. THIRD SERVANT. I' th' city of kites and crows! What an as
ar." Speak, Caesar is turn'd to hear. SOOTHSAYER. Beware the ides of March. CAESAR. What man is that? BRUTUS. A soothsayer you beware the ides of March. CAESAR. Set him before me let me
