, With purpose to be dress'd in an opinion Of wisdom, gravity, profound conceit; As who should say 'I am Sir O
er father. I'll do something- Exit PHILARIO. Quite besides The government of patience! You have won. Let's follow him
esides, the gentleman Is full of virtue, bounty, worth, and qualities Beseeming such a wife as your fair daughter. Cann
ft." He watched us with sullen eyes until we had left his premises. We did not go very far along the road
r the most important of all for our purpose. It fills me with hopes. Now, Mr. Hilton Cubitt, please con
s and Isabel ALICE, a lady attending her HOSTESS of the Boar's Head, Eastcheap; formerly Mrs. Quickly, now married to Pistol Lords, Ladi
this I challenge him to single fight. [Throws down gauntlet] ALL. Long live Edward the Fourth! KING EDWA
mes, sir?" he asked. It was an old acquaintance, Inspector Morton, of Scotland Yard, dressed in unofficia
ene.' Priscian a little scratch'd; 'twill serve. Enter ARMADO, MOTH, and COSTARD NATHANIEL. Videsne quis v
ok to have it yielded with all kindness. Come, let us sup betimes, that afterwards We may digest our complots i
and corrupt But, being season'd with a gracious voice, Obscures the show of evil? In religion, What 
ave since been answer'd in repaying What we took from them; which, for traffic's sake, Most of our city did. Only myself sto
a'en, must die. Besides, her intercession chaf'd him so, When she for thy repeal was suppliant, That to clo
Should with your body. Leon. Being that I flow in grief, The smallest twine may lead me. Friar. 'Tis well consented
 It will balance you so much better like that." This was raving insanity. He shuddered, and again made a s
member, walking very rapidly. I could see his black figure clearly outlined against the green behind 
ends, Rough-hew them how we will- Hor. That is most certain. Ham. Up from my cabin, My sea-gown scarf'd about me, in 
ration. Exeunt ACT_4|SC_3 SCENE III. Alexandria. Before CLEOPATRA's palace Enter a company of soldiers FIRS
 WILLIAMS. An't please your Majesty, a rascal that swagger'd with me last night; who, if 'a live and ever dare to
 ENGINEER'S THUMB Of all the problems which have been submitted to my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, for s
 an opinion," remarked the strange gentleman, "we've had just a little too much secrecy over this business already. For my part, I should like all Europe and America to hea
 an uncontrollable sorrow. I sat up in bed and listened intently. The noise could not have been far awa
 dead? I'll not be juggled with: To hell, allegiance! vows, to the blackest devil Conscience and gra
 hard to think evil of such a dear, kind old clergyman. But, you know, I have been trained as an act
 nor no man ever saw. SLY. Now, Lord be thanked for my good amends! ALL. Amen. Enter the PAGE as a lady, with ATTENDANTS S
 saw. In this way I am no doubt indirectly responsible for Dr. Grimesby Roylott's death, and I cannot say that it is likely to weigh very heavily upon my co
 the dressing-room, I think that I shall help myself to a dash of your brandy, Colonel. My strength had been rat
 wear a crown, Within whose circuit is Elysium And all that poets feign of bliss and joy. Why do we linger thus? I cannot re
. Am I a woodman, ha? Speak I like Heme the Hunter? Why, now is Cupid a child of conscience; he makes restitution. As
. MAYOR. I'll call for clubs if you will not away. This Cardinal's more haughty than the devil. GLOUCESTER. Mayor, farewell
age, which is pretty virginity. SLENDER. Mistress Anne Page? She has brown hair, and speaks small like a woman
as no easy task to move Von Bork, for he was a strong and a desperate man. Finally, holding either arm, the tw
ch content In many singularities; but we saw not That which my daughter came to look upon, The statue of her mother. PAULINA. As sh
d that you have often seen this very unusual mark--a branded triangle inside a circle--upon Mr. Douglas's forearm?" "Frequently, sir." "You never hea
e this palpable device? Yet who's so bold but says he sees it not? Bad is the world; and all will come to no
e world." THE BOSCOMBE VALLEY MYSTERY We were seated at breakfast one morning, my wife and I, when the maid brought in a tel
e, and if you were behind the door--" "Excellent!" said Holmes. "When does he lunch?" "About one, sir.
elo's a murderer, is't not strange? That Angelo is an adulterous thief, An hypocrite, a virgin-violator, 
ere back in Baker Street once more. "Beg pardon, sir," said our page-boy, as he opened the door. "There's been a gentl
ering since yesterday from brain symptoms of great severity. As her medical adviser, I cannot possibly take the responsibil
for, I protest, mine never shall. I warrant he hath a thousand of these letters, writ with blank space for different names-sure, 
he flew above the rest! To see how God in all His creatures works! Yea, man and birds are fain of climbing high. SUFFOLK. No marvel, an it like your Majesty, My Lord Protector's hawks do tow'r so wel
he sudden dropp'd. CAESAR. O noble weakness! If they had swallow'd poison 'twould appear By external swelling; but she looks like slee
he tide swell'd up unto his height, That makes a still-stand, running neither way. Fain would I go to meet the Arc
ind, Or say with princes if it shall go well By oft predict that I in heaven find. But from thine eyes my knowledge I deriv
ion. "You didn't happen to see or hear a cab after that?" "No." "There's a half-sovereign for you," my companion said, st
is gone. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Ah, he is young; and his minority Is put unto the trust of Richard Gloucester, A man that loves not me, nor none 
is inaccessible. Was it through the chimney?" "The grate is much too small," he answered. "I had already consid
is injury The gaoler to his pity. I kneel'd before him; 'Twas very faintly he said 'Rise'; dismiss'd 
is quest was not a successful one. Once only he paused in his patient investigation. "Have you taken
is surely not to be thought of. Stapleton may fall in with such a superstition, and Mortimer also; but if I have one quality upon earth it is c
is way forward with his usual careless audacity, and pushed himself through the little group of courtiers who were f
le bundle of papers upon the table and went her way, with a promise to come again whenever she might be summoned. Sherlock Holmes sat
nd cry 'so, so,' Each one, tripping on his toe, Will be here with mop and mow. Do you love me, master? No? PROSPERO. Dearly, my delic
nd fairly is engross'd That it may be to-day read o'er in Paul's. And mark how well the sequel hangs togethe
ng so short a lease, Dost thou upon thy fading mansion spend? Shall worms inheritors of this excess Eat up th
no meed but he repays Sevenfold above itself; no gift to him But breeds the giver a return exceeding All use of quittance. FIRST LOR
of life could not teach me to know her sweet, brave nature as had this one day of strange experiences. Yet ther
ou nothing bated In what thou hadst to say; so, with good life And observation strange, my meaner ministers Their several kinds
se linen cheeks of thine Are counselors to fear. What soldiers, whey-face? SERVANT. The English force, so please you. MACB
sons: HECTOR TROILUS PARIS DEIPHOBUS HELENUS MARGARELON, a bastard son of Priam Trojan commanders: AENEAS A
th me. If knife, drugs, serpents, have Edge, sting, or operation, I am safe. Your wife Octavia, with he
th the death of Sir Charles Baskerville." "I must thank you," said Sherlock Holmes, "for calling my attention to a ca
the rest give place. Exeunt CURIO and ATTENDANTS Once more, Cesario, Get thee to yond same sovereign cruelty. Tel
to me. I am sick in displeasure to him, and whatsoever comes athwart his affection ranges evenly with mine
to witness this is true. Now judge what cause had Titus to revenge These wrongs unspeakable, past patience, Or more than any living man could bear.
ur enemies would be behind us like our own shadows. Gorgiano had his private reasons for vengeance, but in any case we knew how 
ve was silenced, the little foolery that wise men have makes a great show. Here comes Monsieur Le Beau. Enter LE BEAU 
y asleep when I was partly awakened by his entrance. "Well, Holmes," I murmured, "have you found anything out?" He stood beside me in si
t a bit though," he added after a pause. "There is Laura Lyons--her initials are L. L.--but she lives in Coombe Trac
s bent upon counteracting his schemes? The only conceivable motive was that which had been suggested by Sir Henry, 
e feverous and did tremble. Re-enter MARCIUS, bleeding, assaulted by the enemy FIRST SOLDIER. Look, sir. LARTIUS. O, 'tis Marcius! Let's fetch him off, or
s handed- hath prevail'd On thy too ready hearing? Disloyal? No. She's punish'd for her truth, and undergoes
s hat. "I think, perhaps, we had better go down to Tredannick Wartha without further delay. I confess tha
e have every reason to believe that the doctor has an interest in preventing his stepdaughter's marria
r hence A great addition earned in thy death. HECTOR. Not Neoptolemus so mirable, On whose bright crest Fame with her loud'st Oyes Cries '
r her purblind son and heir, Young Adam Cupid, he that shot so trim When King Cophetua lov'd the beggar m
p in, sir, and see his brother, Colonel Valentine?" "Yes, we had best do so." We were ushered into a dim-lit drawing-
t me see the writing. AUMERLE. I do beseech your Grace to pardon me; It is a matter of small consequence Which for some reason
t not your private discord keep away The levied succours that should lend him aid, While he, renowned noble gentleman, Yield up his life unto a world of odds. Orleans 
d this in a manifested effect, I crave but four days' respite; for the which you are to do me both a present and a dangerous courtesy. PROVOST.
d those in the most different classes of society. There was one little sallow rat-faced, dark-eyed fel
s which without profit suck The soil's fertility from wholesome flowers. SERVANT. Why should we, in the compass of a pale
e window and carefully examined that which was uppermost. "It is a pity he did not write in pencil," said he, throwing them down again with a shrug o
 band. She is down the river somewhere. I want one boy to be at Mordecai Smith's landing-stage opposite Millbank 
ace we left them. I wish my brother make good time with him, You say he is so fell. BELARIUS. Being scarce made up,
led to listen to." "And what of Irene Adler?" I asked. "Oh, she has turned all the men's heads down i
gentle sir, and to you all. ROSALIND. I prithee, shepherd, if that love or gold Can in this desert place buy entertainment, 
eeping that narrative which I read to you when first I came. I mention this small episode because it assumes some i
 in being old. Within me grief hath kept a tedious fast; And who abstains from meat that is not gaunt? For s
hing away with him." Before entering, Holmes made an examination of the door which had been forced. It was evident that a ch
end ourselves it be a sin When violence assails us. OTHELLO. Now, by heaven, My blood begins my safer guides to rule, And pass
dom from home, but she hopes there will come a time. I never knew a woman so dote upon a man: surely I think you have charms, la! Yes, in truth. FALSTAFF. No
oor ghosts will cry To th' shining synod of the rest Against thy deity. BROTHERS. Help, Jupiter! or we appeal
 other And I will look on both indifferently. For let the gods so speed me as I love The name of honor more than I fear death.
sposition, and possess me Some harlot's spirit! My throat of war be turn'd, Which quier'd with my drum, 
is wished light, The seas wax'd calm, and we discovered Two ships from far making amain to us- Of Corinth that, of Epidaurus this. But ere they came-O, let me 
Esher." Our client had sat up with staring eyes and every tinge of colour struck from his astonished face. "Dead? Did you say he was 
Stay, stay thy hands; thou art an Amazon, And fightest with the sword of Deborah. PUCELLE. Christ's Mot
tter than to close In terms of friendship with thine enemies. Pardon me, Julius! Here wast thou bay'
ather. HORTENSIO. SO Will I, Signior Gremio; but a word, I pray. Though the nature of our quarrel yet never brook'd parle, know n
other friar that set them on; Let him be sent for. PETER. Would lie were here, my lord! For he indeed
 this shepherd's passion Is much upon my fashion. TOUCHSTONE. And mine; but it grows something stale with me
tures powerful o'er the blood, Or with some dram conjured to this effect, He wrought upon her. DUKE. To 
out faith or love- For such is a friend now; treacherous man, Thou hast beguil'd my hopes; nought but mine eye Coul
to a neat's foot? KATHERINA. 'Tis passing good; I prithee let me have it. GRUMIO. I fear it is too choleric a meat.
er him. PROTEUS. And that, my lord, I shall be loath to do: 'Tis an ill office for a gentleman, Especially against his very friend. DUKE. Whe
hy marrows, vines, and plough-torn leas, Whereof ingrateful man, with liquorish draughts And morsels unctuous, greases his pure mi
ll not tarry; no, nor ever more Upon this business my appearance make In any of their courts. Exeunt QUEEN and her attendants KING. 
ng that leans, Who cannot be new built, nor has no friends So much as but to prop him? [The QUEEN drops the
's this? OTHELLO. [To Emilia.] Some of your function, mistress, Leave procreants alone and shut the door; Cough, or cry 
e, this mortal-breathing saint. The Hyrcanian deserts and the vasty wilds Of wide Arabia are as throughfares now 
s, this was at least a comrade for whom one might venture to take a risk with the certainty that he would bravely share it. The train pulled
knaves. GONZALO. I would with such perfection govern, sir, T' excel the golden age. SEBASTIAN. Save his Majesty! ANTONIO. Long 
 say I know you are; neither do I labour for a greater esteem than may in some little measure draw a belief from y
ove, And lack not to lose still. Thus, Indian-like, Religious in mine error, I adore The sun that looks upon his worshipper But knows of h
ome. Pray you Be ever known to patience. My dear'st sister! Exeunt ACT_3|SC_7 SCENE VII. ANTONY'S camp near 
 Bentley's private hotel. At ten o'clock I went round and saw that all the fellows had gone to roost, for I believe in strict training a
aning, pretty ingenious? Is not lead a metal heavy, dull, and slow? MOTH. Minime, honest master; or ra
 his ear that he is in her heart. Claud. And so she doth, cousin. Beat. Good Lord, for alliance! Thus goes every one to the worl
 his eyes. "There is something amiss with Bartholomew!" he cried. "I am frightened! My nerves cannot stand it." He was, in
will befall, I'll jest a twelvemonth in an hospital. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. [ To the King] Ay, sweet my lord,
rely wrong in this instance. The man is certainly a country practitioner. And he walks a good deal." "Then I was r
 and Brundusium He could so quickly cut the Ionian sea, And take in Toryne?- You have heard on't, sweet? CLEOPA
upon purpose, because they would go thither; so indeed all disquiet, horror, and perturbation follows her.
nior partner of Morton & Kennedy, the famous Westminster electricians. Williamson and Woodley were both tried for abduction 
 are not ignorant all-telling fame Doth noise abroad Navarre hath made a vow, Till painful study shall outwear three years, No woman may approach his silent court. Th
fore speak softly. All's hush'd as midnight yet. TRINCULO. Ay, but to lose our bottles in the pool! STEPHANO. There is not 
 arresting the assassin," I observed, "might give him time to perpetrate some fresh atrocity." Thus pressed by us all, Holmes showed signs of irre
s's, Evening News, Standard, Echo, and any others that occur to you." "Very well, sir. And this stone?" "Ah, yes
eath be so apparent, then both fly. TALBOT. And leave my followers here to fight and die? My age was never tainted with su
How, for example, could you describe with such confidence the wooden-legged man?" "Pshaw, my dear boy! it was simplicity itself.
ed. I rode back, but again saw nothing of the carriage, and now, as you perceive, it has returned after me. Of course, I ha
t." I was staring at the strange message which I had scrawled, as he deciphered it, upon a sheet of foolscap on my
hey are foul ones. WOLSEY. So much fairer And spotless shall mine innocence arise, When the King knows 
nds quite hollow!" he remarked, looking up in surprise. "I must really ask you to be a little more qu
one side And sing it like poor Barbary. Prithee, dispatch. EMILIA. Shall I go fetch your nightgown? DESDEMONA. No
 By thee to us; and he shall be interr'd As soldiers can. Be cheerful; wipe thine eyes. Some falls are means th
ade thrust his brandy-flask between the baronet's teeth, and two frightened eyes were looking up at us. "My God!" he whis
for winds, That shake not though they blow perpetually. Re-enter HORTENSIO, with his head broke BAPTISTA. How now, my friend! Why dost 
ver'd strongly through my fixed teeth, With full as many signs of deadly hate, As lean-fac'd Envy in her loaths
rcy, but too much security. Let him be punish'd, sovereign, lest example Breed, by his sufferance, more 
ath. Ay me, unhappy! To be a queen and crown'd with infamy! KING HENRY. Ah, woe is me for Gloucester, wretched man! QUEEN
 such singular features as the strange train of circumstances which I have now taken up my pen to describe. It was in th
ft deduction. The light in our window above showed that this late visit was indeed intended for us. With some curiosity as to w
 the crown, Have caus'd him by new act of parliament To blot out me and put his own son in. CLIFFORD. An
e Menenius, Thy tears are salter than a younger man's And venomous to thine eyes. My sometime General, I have seen thee stern, and thou hast oft beheld Heart-hard
t his colleagues. The inspector was transfigured with excitement. His native accent rattled like a stick upon railings. "Man," he cried, "there's not a doubt of it! Barker has j
 Duke Edward be convey'd Unto my brother, Archbishop of York. When I have fought with Pembroke and his fellows, I'll 
l monster. OTHELLO. Did he confess it? IAGO. Good sir, be a man; Think every bearded fellow that's but yoked May draw with you. There's millions now alive That nightly lie in those unproper beds Wh
dolours turn'd? SICILIUS. Thy crystal window ope; look out; No longer exercise Upon a valiant race thy harsh And potent injuries. MOTHER. Since, Jupiter, our s
that it is so. Come along, Doctor." We started off for the cab together, leaving our informant incredulous, but obvi
 have gone some way to solve our problem." "I am convinced myself," said I, "that there is an understanding between tho
old, And so proceed accordingly. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_10 SCENE X. Another part of the plain CANIDIUS marcheth with his land a
 But I might master it. In faith, I lie; My thoughts were like unbridled children, grown Too headstrong for their mother. See, we fools! Why have I bl
nger and thumb. It came away from the skin so readily that hardly any mark was left behind. One tiny speck of blood showed where 
what may follow, To try a larger fortune. POMPEY. You have made me offer Of Sicily, Sardinia; and I must Rid all the sea of pirates
your offence: A rotten case abides no handling. HASTINGS. Hath the Prince John a full commission, In very ample virtue of his father, To hear and
ntil the following letter recalled his existence: Briarbrae, Woking. My dear Watson: I have no doubt that you ca
ysic the tavern affords. Exeunt servants, MAYOR, &C. WARWICK. Accept this scroll, most gracious sovereign; Which 
d me. "You could not possibly have come at a better time, my dear Watson," he said cordially. "I was
d what murder too, Hath been enacted through your enmity; Then be at peace, except ye thirst for blood. WINCHESTER. He shall
To be invested. ROSS. Where is Duncan's body? MACDUFF. Carried to Colmekill, The sacred storehouse of his predecesso
l ever after droop. Here cease more questions; Thou art inclin'd to sleep; 'tis a good dullness, And give it way. I
inutes tell; Pointing to each his thunder, rain and wind, Or say with princes if it shall go well By oft predic
strange land. Yet I had my scruples about leaving Holmes. It was finally agreed, however, that he should retain the young Swiss messenger with him as guide and companion while I r
estmoreland.] Prince. By God, thou hast deceiv'd me, Lancaster! I did not think thee lord of such a spirit. Before, I lo
impassive and judicial expression. "In doing so," said Dr. Mortimer, who had begun to show signs of some s
thout some pleasure now. What sport to-night? CLEOPATRA. Hear the ambassadors. ANTONY. Fie, wrangling queen! Whom everyt
 matter." Sherlock Holmes was a past-master in the art of putting a humble witness at his ease, and very soon
tely. I should like, however, to see the matter through with you, now that I have got so far." "Your presenc
white coverings. This was evidently no ordinary party of immigrants, but rather some nomad people who had been compell
ional instincts were aroused. Let him be my master elsewhere, I at least was his in a sick room. "Holmes," said I, "you are not
 Yea, man and birds are fain of climbing high. SUFFOLK. No marvel, an it like your Majesty, My Lord Protector's hawks do tow'r so
rieve thee, As it doth me- a nobler sir ne'er liv'd 'Twixt sky and ground. Wilt thou hear more, my lord? CYM
LEMAN. Come, let's do so, For every minute is expectancy Of more arrivance. Enter Cassio. CASSIO. Thanks, you the valian
ty LORD CHIEF JUSTICE SERVANT, to Lord Chief Justice SIR JOHN FALSTAFF EDWARD POINS BARDOLPH PISTOL PETO Irregular humourists PAGE
will charm him first to keep his tongue. TRANIO. So had you need. [They exchange habits] In brief, sir, 
He had a long talk with Mr. Carruthers, who seemed much excited afterwards. Woodley must be staying in the neighbourhood, for he did not sle
d none to be blamed. Marry, if he that writ it had played Pyramus, and hang'd himself in Thisby's garter, it
rom his poke, And, looking on it with lack-lustre eye, Says very wisely, 'It is ten o'clock; Thus we may see,'
e enemy a lasting wink; Which draught to me were cordial. CAMILLO. Sir, my lord, I could do this; and that with n
it, Mr. Sherlock Holmes?" My friend bowed his compliments. "You are quick at identification," said he. "We have been expecting you in these parts since Dr. Watson came 
 walls, Rough cradle for such little pretty ones. Rude ragged nurse, old sullen playfellow For tender princes, use my babies well. So foolish sorrow
ak out in this erratic fashion! A planet might as well leave its orbit. By the way, do you know what Mycroft is?" I had some vague 
l do't. There's my gauntlet; I'll prove it on a giant. Bring up the brown bills. O, well flown, bird! i' th' clout
re gathered round a long table. At the side was a second one laden with bottles and glasses, on which some members of 
knew they were bound to make a move." "What cable?" Carruthers took a telegram from his pocket. "That's it," said he. It was short and concise: The old man is dead. "Hum!" 
 I saw a cyclist coming swiftly along. "Get down, Watson!" cried Holmes, with a heavy hand upon my shoulder. We 
Should make desire vomit emptiness, Not so allur'd to feed. IMOGEN. What is the matter, trow? IACHIMO. The cloyed will-
But if thou meanest not well, I do beseech thee- Nurse. (within) Madam! Jul. By-and-by I come.- To cea
of 'we three'? SIR TOBY. Welcome, ass. Now let's have a catch. AGUECHEEK. By my troth, the fool has an excellent breast. I had rather than forty shil
 unurg'd faith To your proceedings; yet, believe me, Prince, I am not glad that such a sore of time Should seek a plaster by contemn'd revolt, And heal the inveterate c
ROILUS. Hector, thou sleep'st; Awake thee. AGAMEMNON. His blows are well dispos'd. There, Ajax! [Trum
 logical synthesis which I have made my special province." "And yet," said I, smiling, "I cannot quite hold myself absol
ce or at my home. A man followed me from London Bridge Station, and I have no doubt--Great Heaven, what is that?" It was a clang of
surmise, conjecture, and hypothesis. The difficulty is to detach the framework of fact--of absolute u
es here, you rude rascals? MAN. Pray, sir, be patient; 'tis as much impossible, Unless we sweep 'em from the door with
e looked upon as the very latest authority. What have we here? 'Andaman Islands, situated 340 miles to t
gh I see you have got his coat-tails." "There are three men waiting for him at the door," said Holmes. "O
melt her frozen thoughts, And worthless Valentine shall be forgot. Enter PROTEUS How now, Sir Proteus! Is your countryman, 
he exchange of joy That one short minute gives me in her sight. Do thou but close our hands with holy words, T
olk all trooped away in different directions until there was not a red-head to be seen except my own and tha
ieus and greetings; Say that I wish he never find more cause To change a master. O, my fortunes have Corrupted honest men! Dispatch. Enobarbus! Exeunt ACT_4|SC_6 SCENE V
yield or die. CADE. As for these silken-coated slaves, I pass not; It is to you, good people, that I speak, O'er 
ed, but at a quarter to twelve Police-constable Barrett, passing along Godolphin Street, observed that the door of No. 16 
 Macbeth Than such an one to reign. MACDUFF. Boundless intemperance In nature is a tyranny; it hath been The untimely emptying of the happy thro
 him every minute With words of sovereignty. KING. How know'st thou this? SURVEYOR. Not long before your Highness sped to F
t haste now. QUICKLY. Farewell to your worship. [Exit FENTON] Truly, an honest gentleman; but Anne loves him not; fo
ng upon that. Our praises are our wages; you may ride's With one soft kiss a thousand furlongs ere Wi
on zed! thou unnecessary letter! My lord, if you'll give me leave, I will tread this unbolted villain into mortar and daub the walls of a jakes with him. 'Spa
wish or tongue can tell. DICK. My lord, when shall we go to Cheapside, and take up commodities upon our bills? CADE. Marry, presently. ALL. O, brave! Re-en
strikes wide; But with the whiff and wind of his fell sword Th' unnerved father falls. Then senseless
houghts, a legion of foul fiends Environ'd me, and howled in mine ears Such hideous cries that, with the v
strong at sea, And it appears he is belov'd of those That only have fear'd Caesar. To the ports The discontents
es; Which since I know they virtuously are plac'd, I give consent to go along with you, Recking as little what betideth me As much I wish a
nourable, complete, freehearted gentleman of Athens, thy very bountiful good lord and master? FLAMINIUS. His health is well,
proceeded afterwards to the house of Mr. Aloysius Doran, at Lancaster Gate, where breakfast had been prepared. It appears that some little trouble was caused by a woman,
thorities That he hath given away! Now, by my life, Old fools are babes again, and must be us'd With checks a
had quiet guard? Fran. Not a mouse stirring. Ber. Well, good night. If you do meet Horatio and Marcellus, The rivals of my watch, bid them make 
ld again, His blessed part to heaven, and slept in peace. KATHARINE. So may he rest; his faults lie gently on him! Yet th
 tell you much more of the case, Doctor. You know a conjuror gets no credit when once he has explained his trick, and if I sho
n'd with a counsel-keeping cave- We may, each wreathed in the other's arms, Our pastimes done, possess a golden slumber, Whiles hounds and
'd, Doth burn the heart to cinders where it is. Fair Philomel, why she but lost her tongue, And in a tedious sampler sew'
en slept in. He had dressed himself fully before going off in his usual school suit of black Eton jacket and d
ld I had the power To say so to my husband. SICINIUS. Are you mankind? VOLUMNIA. Ay, fool; is that a shame? Note but thi
not like the office; But sith I am enter'd in this cause so far, Prick'd to't by foolish honesty and love, I will go on. I lay wi
to catch the tiger- bootless speed, When cowardice pursues and valour flies. DEMETRIUS. I will not stay thy questions;
] Age is unnecessary. On my knees I beg That you'll vouchsafe me raiment, bed, and food.' Reg. Good sir, no more! These are unsightly tricks
tter up." "My researches!" "Hence the health-giving expedition to Lausanne. You know that I cannot possibly leave London while old Abra
nts show, But mere implorators of unholy suits, Breathing like sanctified and pious bawds, The better to beguile. This is for
 more than I can tell. For my part I walked ten miles, got a train at Tunbridge Wells, and so reached
pers'd; and Salisbury Is gone to meet the King, who lately landed With some few private friends upon this coast. NORTHUMBERLAND. The news is very f
. Believe me, lords, were none more wise than I- And yet herein I judge mine own wit good- This Gloucester should be quickly rid 
is estate. [BASSANIO opens the letter] GRATIANO. Nerissa, cheer yond stranger; bid her welcome. Your hand, Sa
anger, near the heart of it. WARWICK. It is but as a body yet distempered; Which to his former strength may be restored With good advice and 
ve me, she has had much wrong. Lord Cardinal, The willing'st sin I ever yet committed May be absolv'd in English. WOLSEY. Noble lady, I am sorry my integrity 
I have the pleasure of assisting." The man hesitated for an instant. "My name is John Robinson," he answered with a sidelong
n, for she slowly sank and died without having recovered her consciousness. Such was the dreadful end of my beloved sister." "One moment," said Holmes,
ht. I know that a paper has disappeared. But because the matter is political my husband refuses to take me into his complete confidence. Now it is
articular one at which my cabman pulled up had an air of smug and demure respectability in its old-fashioned i
e of such a thought is a man whom I should be proud to do business with. We will leave this question
erk'd him here under the ribs. OTHELLO. 'Tis better as it is. IAGO. Nay, but he prated And spoke such scurvy and provoking terms Against your hono
in favour she shall give the day, And kiss him with a glorious victory. How like you this wild counsel
dering of the mind too, 'mongst all colours No yellow in't, lest she suspect, as he does, Her children not her husband's! LEONTES. A gross hag! And, lozel, thou art worthy 
s oath to the contrary. Thou shalt be punish'd for thus frighting me, For I am sick and capable of fears, Oppress'd
hey watch too. Now, 'mongst this flock of drunkards, Am I to put our Cassio in some action That may offend th
 if you can endure the draught from a broken window, I think that half an hour in my study over a cig
 dispatched the frightened man with a note to Dr. Huxtable. "Now, Watson," said he, "we have picked up two clues this morning. One 
 is covered with thick curtains, I suddenly felt the wind blow upon my face and realized that it was op
o lie, Even those that said I could not love you dearer, Yet then my judgment knew no reason why, My most full flame sho
our swords, and sheathe them not Till Saturninus be Rome's Emperor. Andronicus, would thou were shipp'd to hell 
 ourselves. Do not be so suspicious. Payment in hard cash when goods delivered. Pierrot. "A fairly complete record, Wa
 "I believe I have the honour of addressing Miss Mary Holder. Might I ask you a question or two?" "Pray do, sir, if it may help to clear this horrible affair up." "You heard no
sessions.' "'What have you in the bundle?' I asked. "'An iron box,' he answered, 'which contains one or two little
That's it; I would have said the very same. LAFEU. Why, your dolphin is not lustier. 'Fore me, I speak in respect- PAROLL
e," Holmes answered, knocking a little out on his palm. "As he might get an excellent smoke for half the pr
s get down to business." He took a note from the drawer of his desk. "You say that you have five letters which compromise t
ll we suffer this? Let's pluck him down; My heart for anger burns; I cannot brook it. KING HENRY. Be patient, gentle 
here mine his thoughts did kindle- that our stars, Unreconciliable, should divide Our equalness to this. Hear me, good friends- Enter an EGYPTIAN 
h some delight? PHILOSTRATE. There is a brief how many sports are ripe; Make choice of which your Highness wi
, for I was myself regular in my habits. "Very sorry to knock you up, Watson," said he, "but it's the common lot this morning. M
astard brother What men are you? BASTARD. Your faithful subject I, a gentleman Born in Northamptonshire, and eldest son, As I suppose, to Robert Faulconbridge- A soldier by the honour-givin
lear voice. "'No good can ever come of falsehood, mother,' she said. 'Let us be frank with this gentleman. We did see Mr. Drebber again.' "'God forgive you!' cried Madame Charpentier, t
. DIOMEDES. I cannot, lord; I have important business, The tide whereof is now. Good night, great Hector. HECTOR. Giv
ell, so was Jack James an American citizen, but he's doing time in Portland all the same. It cuts no ic
at me, past all saying nay, To come with him along. SALERIO. I did, my lord, And I have reason for it. Signio
urpose I'll anoint my sword. I bought an unction of a mountebank, So mortal that, but dip a knife in it, Where it draws blood no c
So much for the servants. My family itself is so small that it will not take me long to describe it. I am a widower and have an only son, Arthur. He has been a disap
off. Then was I as a tree Whose boughs did bend with fruit; but in one night A storm, or robbery, call it what you will, Shook down my mellow hangings, nay, m
our lofty scene be acted over In states unborn and accents yet unknown! BRUTUS. How many times shall Caesar ble
 love! These numbers will I tear, and write in prose. BEROWNE. O, rhymes are guards on wanton Cupid's hose: Disfigure not his s
Volscians' ears, And harsh in sound to thine. AUFIDIUS. Say, what's thy name? Thou has a grim appearance, a
 He's safe for these three hours. FERDINAND. O most dear mistress, The sun will set before I shall discharge What I must st
earch, And hath as oft a sland'rous epitaph As record of fair act; nay, many times, Doth ill deserve by doing well; what's worse- Must curtsy at the censu
 nouveaux riches it is refreshing to find a case where the scion of an old county family which has fallen upon evi
ng criminals of London should take a considerable interest in this cellar at present." "It is our French gold," whispered the 
 Lord Lucius, out of his free love, hath presented to you four milk-white horses, trapp'd in silver. TIMON. I sha
stminster. A comparison of photographs has proved conclusively that M. Henri Fournaye and Eduardo Lucas we
r. Holmes," he answered after a pause. "The candle threw a very bad light. My first thought was to get a bet
pon good advice, Whereto thy tongue a party-verdict gave. Why at our justice seem'st thou then to lour? GAUNT. Things
nkennel in one speech, It is a damned ghost that we have seen, And my imaginations are as foul As Vulcan's stithy. Give him heedful note; For I mine eyes will rivet to his face, A
ever man turns his brains to crime it is the worst of all. I think that I have seen enough now, Miss Stoner
oured." Without a word Holmes hurried to a carriage, and during the long seven miles' drive he never opened his mouth. Seldom have I
a noble nature May catch a wrench- would all were well!- 'tis pity- And so, intending other serious matters, After distasteful looks, an
 forgot! 'Tis so concluded on. Ham. There's letters seal'd; and my two schoolfellows, Whom I will trust as
never held but as a pawn To wage against thine enemies; nor fear to lose it, Thy safety being the motive. Lear. Out of my sight! Kent. See better, 
arette. It is a pleasure to see anyone appreciate them so. A fan, a glove, glasses--who knows what article ma
me hence-with whom I leave my curse: May never glorious sun reflex his beams Upon the country where you mak
ppose my will. Better Macbeth Than such an one to reign. MACDUFF. Boundless intemperance In nature is a tyranny; it hath been The untimely emptying of the happy throne, And fall
e it was quite a simple case after all." "Oh, remarkably superficial," said Holmes, smiling. "Come, Watson, I don
Foreign Office, and through the influences of my uncle, Lord Holdhurst, I rose rapidly to a responsible positi
 his grievance, or be much denied. Mon. I would thou wert so happy by thy stay To hear true shrift. Come, madam, let's away, Exeun
ords, for France; the enterprise whereof Shall be to you as us like glorious. We doubt not of a fair and lucky war, Since Go
lood a jot; it faints me To think what follows. The Queen is comfortless, and we forgetful In our long absence. Pray, do not deliver 
ch men to leave a bottle half empty. How do all these unusuals strike you, Watson?" "Their cumulative effect is certainly consider
correction. As I intend to thrive in this new world, Aumerle is guilty of my true appeal. Besides, I heard th
. Let us leave here, gentlemen. POSTHUMUS. Sir, with all my heart. This worthy signior, I thank him, makes no stranger
d, yielding to him, humours well his frenzy. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Thou hast suborn'd the goldsmith
arland for his sake.' KING EDWARD. I blame not her: she could say little less; She had the wrong. But what said Hen
rgundy Can buy this unpriz'd precious maid of me. Bid them farewell, Cordelia, though unkind. Thou losest here, a better wh
business is: we have here writ To Norway, uncle of young Fortinbras, Who, impotent and bedrid, scarcely he
u, my sweet queen. TITANIA. My Oberon! What visions have I seen! Methought I was enamour'd of an ass. OBERON. There li
ust run over the course of events, and you will contradict me if I go wrong." The man sat huddled up in his chair, wi
 us all into one coal We have deserv'd it. PLEBEIANS. Faith, we hear fearful news. FIRST CITIZEN. For mine own part,
let us not wrong it dead. Enter SIR WILLIAM Lucy, attended; a FRENCH HERALD preceding LUCY. Herald, conduct me to the Dauphin's tent, To kno
e very singular points about the moor, Dr. Watson. Oh, excuse me an instant! It is surely Cyclopides." A small fly or moth had fluttered across our path,
? COURTEZAN. As sure, my liege, as I do see your Grace. DUKE. Why, this is strange. Go call the Abbess
As with a saint. ISABELLA. You do blaspheme the good in mocking me. LUCIO. Do not believe it. Fewness and
a farm and carters. King. We will try it. Enter Hamlet, reading on a book. Queen. But look where sadly the poor w
rds, As you are great, be pitifully good. Who cannot condemn rashness in cold blood? To kill, I grant, is sin's extremes
y flesh tremble in their different greeting. I will withdraw; but this intrusion shall, Now seeming sweet, convert t
story, however, that a little time was still to elapse before the Tiger of San Pedro should meet with his deserts. 
. Fare you well, then. Come, good sweet lady. Prithee, Virgilia, turn thy solemness out o' door and go along with us. VIRGILIA. No, at a word, madam; in
 "Very good, Mr. Holmes; I will tell him that you are here." After half an hour's delay the great nobleman appeared. His face was more cadaverous 
y behalf. EMILIA. Good madam, do. I warrant it grieves my husband As if the cause were his. DESDEMONA. O, that's an hon
ARD, REIGNIER, and others CHARLES. Since, lords of England, it is thus agreed That peaceful truce shall be proclaim'd in Fran
n him! he's a cat still. FIRST SOLDIER. His qualities being at this poor price, I need not to ask you i
ry day she lived. Fare thee well! These evils thou repeat'st upon thyself Have banish'd me from Scotland. O my breast, Thy hope ends he
you left me like a churl, I found a friend; and sure as death I swore I would not part a bachelor from the priest. 
one which reached us on a gloomy February morning some seven or eight years ago and gave Mr. Sherlock Holmes a puzzled quarter of an hour. 
 Thou turn'st mine eyes into my very soul, And there I see such black and grained spots As will not leave t
so took up." "His face--his dress--didn't you notice them?" Holmes broke in impatiently. "I should thi
e skin so readily that hardly any mark was left behind. One tiny speck of blood showed where the puncture had been. "This is all an insoluble mystery to me," said I. "
ILIP. I fear some outrage, and I'll follow her. Exit LEWIS. There's nothing in this world can make me joy. Life is 
g's face, And doth it give me such a sight as this? Mother. Accurs'd, unhappy, wretched, hateful day! Most miserable hour that e'er 
m's beard; do you any embassage to the Pygmies--rather than hold three words' conference with this harpy. You have 
walking calendar of crime," said Stamford with a laugh. "You might start a paper on those lines. Call
 incident with the fear which haunted my father during his life; but it is still a complete mystery to us." The littl
 forbear. Creatures may be alike; were't he, I am sure He would have spoke to us. GUIDERIUS. But we saw him dead. BELARIU
man have enough. Dost thou know Dover? Edg. Ay, master. Glou. There is a cliff, whose high and bending head Looks fearf
nce her time are colliers counted bright. KING. And Ethiopes of their sweet complexion crack. DUMAIN. Dark 
d? CASSIO. He is not yet arrived, nor know I aught But that he's well and will be shortly here. DESDEMONA. O, but I fe
 drink brown and white bastard. DUKE. O heavens! what stuff is here? POMPEY. 'Twas never merry world since, of 
, 'Juliet.' Nurse. Anon, anon! Come, let's away; the strangers all are gone. Exeunt. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VE
come, Vaughan; let us here embrace. Farewell, until we meet again in heaven. Exeunt SCENE 4 London. The Tower Enter BUCKINGHAM, DERBY, HASTINGS, the BISHOP of ELY, RATCLIFF, LOVEL, 
; It strains me past the compass of my wits. I hear thou must, and nothing may prorogue it, On Thursday next be m
 For, being ignorant to whom it goes, I writ at random, very doubtfully. SILVIA. Perchance you think too much of so m
l investigations. I prayed, as I walked back along the gray, lonely road, that my friend might soon be 
INIUS. What do ye talk? Have we not had a taste of his obedience- Our aediles smote, ourselves resisted? C
r's bidding; when thou seest him, A little witness my obedience. Look! I draw the sword myself; take it, and hit The innocent mansion 
A dance] The iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve. Lovers, to bed; 'tis almost fairy time. I fear 
SURREY EARL OF KENT GOWER HARCOURT BLUNT Of the King's party LORD CHIEF JUSTICE SERVANT, to Lord Chief Justice SIR JOHN FALSTAFF EDWARD POINS BARDOLPH PISTOL PETO Irregular humourists PA
ithful Scotch woman who had once been our servant. Never for an instant did I dream of disowning her as
t none ever reached us. We did at last hear that somewhere far out in the Atlantic a shattered stern-post of a boat was seen swingi
As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve. [Ghost beckons.] Still am I call'd. Unhand me, gentlemen. By heaven, I'll make 
ittering eyes, and a straight, thin-lipped mouth set in a dangerous smile. "It is I," she said; "the woman whose life you have ruined."
sfaction? Would he had been one of my rank! SECOND LORD. [Aside] To have smell'd like a fool. CLOTEN. I am not vex'd more at anything 
, I will; let them play it. Is not a comonty a Christmas gambold or a tumbling-trick? PAGE. No, my good lord, it is more pleasing
cognize and repair them. To this modified credit I may, perhaps, make some claim. My night was haunte
ish for me To help thee curse this poisonous bunch-back'd toad. HASTINGS. False-boding woman, end thy frantic 
rve as examples of this Scylla and Charybdis which are forever threatening the historian. It may be 
no English treason to cut French crowns, and to-morrow the King himself will be a clipper. Exeunt soldiers U
ink of it, Watson?" "A masterpiece. You have never risen to a greater height." "I cannot agree with you there. 
" "I don't know that I've anything else to ask you at present," said MacDonald, coldly. "There was one small point
, pluck Casca by the sleeve, And he will, after his sour fashion, tell you What hath proceeded worthy note to
arkable results. The story has, I believe, been told more than once in the newspapers, but, like all such narratives, it
nt wild-duck shooting in the fens, remarkably good fishing, a small but select library, taken over, as I understood, from a former occupant, and a tolerable cook, so that he would be a 
tay, I'll read it over once again. QUEEN. Ah, barbarous villains! Hath this lovely face Rul'd like a wand
tional developments will follow. "Later.--It is rumoured as we go to press that Mr. John Hector McFarlane 
 later have to endure." "Surely," said I, "the man's appearance would go far with any jury?" "That is a dangerous argument, my dear Wa
our sympathy, then, in my investigation of Mr. Staunton's fate. Do you know where he is?" "Certainly 
 fasten your ear on my advisings; to the love I have in doing good a remedy presents itself. I do make my
ORDS BOLINGBROKE. Can no man tell me of my unthrifty son? 'Tis full three months since I did see him last. If any pl
 counterfeit, Farewell! Othello's occupation's gone! IAGO. Is't possible, my lord? OTHELLO. Villain, be sure thou 
us prison; Hal'd thither By most mechanical and dirty hand. Rouse up revenge from ebon den with fell Alecto's snake, For Doll is in
, OCR software, public domain etexts, royalty free copyright licenses, and whatever else you can think of. Money should
rth. And I would have you believe, my sons, that the same Justice which punishes sin may also most graciously forgive it, 
nt developments, but I can hardly be expected to make merry over them. I think that with your permission I wil
udden illness--" "An attack of brain-fever, for example?" asked the statesman, flashing a swift glance at him. "I did not say so," sa
ed chance of Antony, though my reason Sits in the wind against me. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_11 SCENE XI. Alexandria. CLEOPATRA'S 
is last offences to us Shall have judicious hearing. Stand, Aufidius, And trouble not the peace. CORI
e Foreign Office. Has any one passed this way?' "'I have been standing here for a quarter of an hour, 
own jealous curiosity than as a very pretence and purpose of unkindness. I will look further into't. But where's my fool? I have not seen him thi
And let us, Polydore, though now our voices Have got the mannish crack, sing him to th' ground, As o
is show'r sing in the wind. And Falstaff's boy with her! Good plots! They are laid; and our revolted wive
y rook? Speak scholarly and wisely. FALSTAFF. Truly, mine host, I must turn away some of my followers. HOST. Discard, bully Hercules; cashier; let them 
 SERGEANT. Doubtful it stood, As two spent swimmers that do cling together And choke their art. The merciless Macdonwald- Worthy to be a rebel, for to
nce away, From Richard's night to Bolingbroke's fair day. Exeunt SCENE 3. Wales. Before Flint Castle 
mes burst out laughing. "Dr. Leslie Armstrong is certainly a man of energy and character," said he. "I have not seen a
etir'd, your friends fall'n off, Whose thankless natures- O abhorred spirits!- Not all the whips of heaven are large enough-
 his grief and patience, That had not God, for some strong purpose, steel'd The hearts of men, they must perforce have melted
pity doth th' impression fill, Which vulgar scandal stamped upon my brow, For what care I who calls me
 rage into your tongue; One time will owe another. CORIOLANUS. On fair ground I could beat forty of them. MENEN
 do grow! OTHELLO. Amen to that, sweet powers! I cannot speak enough of this content; It stops me here; it is too 
a most perfidious slave, With all the spots o' th' world tax'd and debauch'd, Whose nature sickens but to
and moral paintings I can show That shall demonstrate these quick blows of Fortune's More pregnantly than words. Yet you do well To 
es of men, Began a fresh assault. DUNCAN. Dismay'd not this Our captains, Macbeth and Banquo.? SERGEANT. Yes, As 
te overthrow wrought this offence? Be not dismay'd, for succour is at hand. A holy maid hither with me I bring, Which, by a vision sent 
 than others. 'Life,' for example is quite out of its proper place. That may point to carelessness or i
father's choice. O, what a world of vile ill-favour'd faults Looks handsome in three hundred pounds a year! QUICKLY. And how doe
necessary. On my knees I beg That you'll vouchsafe me raiment, bed, and food.' Reg. Good sir, no more! These are unsightly tricks. Return yo
 Well, go to; we'll have no bastards live; Especially since Charles must father it. PUCELLE. You are deceiv'd; my child is none of his: It was Alencon that enjoy'
ETRIUS. Away! for thou hast stay'd us here too long. LAVINIA. No grace? no womanhood? Ah, beastly creature, The bl
 LUCIUS' SERVANT. Ay, but the days are wax'd shorter with him; You must consider that a prodigal course Is li
s, be burnt for liars! One fairer than my love? The all-seeing sun Ne'er saw her match since first the wo
e mind, illustrious virtue, And honourable carriage, Had his necessity made use of me, I would have put my we
beside Thy modesty can beg. MESSENGER. He's married, madam. CLEOPATRA. Rogue, thou hast liv'd too long. [Draws a knife] 
spicion in his eyes. Please burn the cipher message, which can now be of no use to you. "Fred Porlock." Holmes sat for some little tim
 Highness' pardon; My haste made me unmannerly. There is staying A gentleman, sent from the King, to see you. KATHARINE. Admit him en
one. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Ah, he is young; and his minority Is put unto the trust of Richard Gloucester, A man that loves not me, 
upon To stop all hopes whose growth may damage me. Exit CATESBY I must be married to my brother's daughter, Or else 
 Yet, good deed, Leontes, I love thee not a jar o' th' clock behind What lady she her lord.- You'll stay? POLIXENES. No, madam. HERMIONE. Nay, but 
her hand lacks means. Shall we go, coz? CELIA. Ay. Fare you well, fair gentleman. ORLANDO. Can I not sa
. See you where Benedick hath hid himself? Claud. O, very well, my lord. The music ended, We'll fit the kid-fox with a penny
o Baskerville passed me upon his black mare, and there ran mute behind him such a hound of hell as God forbid
anion's quiet and systematic method of work, glanced at his watch. "I wish you would come back with me, Inspector," said he. "There are several points on which
ORTHUMBERLAND. Here comes my servant Travers, whom I sent On Tuesday last to listen after news. LORD BARDOLPH. My lord, 
am Whyte was. Some pragmatical seventeenth century lawyer, I suppose. His writing has a legal twist about it. Here c
 good Mistress Anne- ANNE. What is your will? SLENDER. My Will! 'Od's heartlings, that's a pretty jest indeed! I ne'er m
ut, riddle-like, lives sweetly where she dies! COUNTESS. Had you not lately an intent-speak truly- To go to Paris? HELENA. Madam, 
DY GREY. Be pitiful, dread lord, and grant it, then. KING EDWARD. Lords, give us leave; I'll try this w
 my tristful queen! For tears do stop the floodgates of her eyes. Host. O Jesu, he doth it as like one
 weigh'd it, let us speak Our free hearts each to other. BANQUO. Very gladly. MACBETH. Till then, enough. Come, friends. Exeunt. SCENE IV. Forres. The pa
com'd our oaths and gravities, Those heavenly eyes that look into these faults Suggested us to make. Therefor
ot quite sharp enough to catch a Washoe hunter." John Ferrier felt a different man now that he realized th
be friendly to all men. Anyone could pick him at once as gregarious in his habits and communicative in
 week ago," said he. "But even now my visit may not be entirely fruitless. Watson, if you can spare the time I should 
Thy soldier, servant, making peace or war As thou affects. CLEOPATRA. Cut my lace, Charmian, come! But let it b
panion. "I presume, sir," said he at last, "that it was not merely for the purpose of examining my skull t
on Saint Tavy's day. KING HENRY. I wear it for a memorable honour; For I am Welsh, you know, good countryman. FLUELLEN. All the water in Wye c
hat verity Would without lapsing suffer. Nay, sometimes, Like to a bowl upon a subtle ground, I have tumbled past the throw
any? BEDFORD. No, truly; 'tis more than manners will; And I have heard it said unbidden guests Are often welcomest 
e to this darned coal bunker, and I know a Chicago crook when I see one." McMurdo's face fell. "Don't 
bly employed elsewhere. Au revoir and good luck!" I could tell by numerous subtle signs, which might have been lost upon anyone but myself, 
 You wisest Grecians, pardon me this brag. His insolence draws folly from my lips; But I'll endeavour deeds to m
 I. "Only a humble commoner, but his friend. My name is Dr. Watson." A flush of vexation passed over her e
ery clear to me," said Holmes. "This is my friend, Dr. Watson, before whom you can speak as freely a
HOP OF ELY CANTERBURY. My lord, I'll tell you: that self bill is urg'd Which in th' eleventh year of the last
me, mourn with me for what I do lament, And put on sullen black incontinent. I'll make a voyage to the Holy Land, To wash this blood off from my guilty hand. March sadly afte
sses, That have of late so huddled on his back- Enow to press a royal merchant down, And pluck commiseration 
turn twenty for one? FLAVIUS. No, my most worthy master, in whose breast Doubt and suspect, alas, are plac'd too late! You sho
orized by her grandam. Shame itself! Why do you make such faces? When all's done, You look but on a s
 Queen! My noble partners and myself thus pray: All comfort, joy, in this most gracious lady, Heaven ever laid 
G. [Reads] 'Great deputy, the welkin's vicegerent and sole dominator of Navarre, my soul's earth's go
Provost? PROVOST. Here, if it like your honour. ANGELO. See that Claudio Be executed by nine to-morrow morning; Br
em, however trivial it may prove? But here, unless I am mistaken, is our client." A measured step was heard upon the stairs, and a moment later
haste To help Cominius. LARTIUS. Worthy sir, thou bleed'st; Thy exercise hath been too violent For a seco
 to draw my deductions from it. He said that he would acquire no knowledge which did not bear upon h
 challenger. FRENCH KING. Or else what follows? EXETER. Bloody constraint; for if you hide the crown Eve
 a lady as thou art, A good mouth-filling oath; and leave 'in sooth' And such protest of pepper gingerbread To ve
 elms?' I asked. "'There used to be a very old one over yonder but it was struck by lightning ten years ago, 
Being all to dolours turn'd? SICILIUS. Thy crystal window ope; look out; No longer exercise Upon a valiant race thy harsh And poten
 Holmes dismissed the subject with a wave. "No doubt it is an American shotgun," White Mason continued. "I seem 
 To make a world-without-end bargain in. No, no, my lord, your Grace is perjur'd much, Full of dear guilt
e continually to his lips. He spoke it with anger and a sort of horror. McGinty was the name--Bodymaster
hen I am not good enough for it either." "You can do what you like," says I, "but if Fairbairn shows his face
mies? ANTONIO. Orsino, noble sir, Be pleas'd that I shake off these names you give me: Antonio never yet was thie
ot to my uncle's bed. Assume a virtue, if you have it not. That monster, custom, who all sense doth eat Of hab
e Margaret was ne'er thy joy. Erect his statue and worship it, And make my image but an alehouse sig
d in agony. KING RICHARD. And came I not at last to comfort you? DUCHESS. No, by the holy rood, thou know'st it well Th
angerous fight! Exeunt SCENE 3. Plains in Gascony Enter YORK, with trumpet and many soldiers. A MESSENGER meet
d McMurdo, "a war of two classes with all in, so that each struck as best it could." "Well, did you thin
ready. How near is our master? GRUMIO. E'en at hand, alighted by this; and therefore be not- Cock's pas
st immediately follow? His victims dare not hit back. If ever he blackmailed an innocent person, then, indeed, we should ha
nfutes mine honour, And I did yield to him. But the next morn betimes, His purpose surfeiting, he sends a warrant For
e in a legal way." "Well, that's reasonable enough," said Lestrade. "Nothing further you have to say,
ry good. Now, Mr. Soames, we will take a walk in the quadrangle, if you please." Three yellow squares of li
t will I, Pompey. POMPEY. No, Antony, take the lot; But, first or last, your fine Egyptian cookery S
r. Holmes. From an expression which my husband dropped in the first shock of this disaster I understood that terrible public conseque
have you there, my friend? PAINTER. A piece of painting, which I do beseech Your lordship to accept. 
eir! KING. 'Tis midnight, Charles; Prithee to bed; and in thy pray'rs remember Th' estate of my poor queen. Leave me alone, F
o say, When you depart from him, but, soft and low, 'Remember now my brother.' MARIANA. Fear me not. DUKE. 
watch be set, Or by the break of day disguis'd from hence. Sojourn in Mantua. I'll find out your man, A
omething indescribably guilty about them. My wife had always been a woman of a frank, open nature, a
y. Exeunt ANTONY, CLEOPATRA, and ENOBARBUS SOLDIER. By Hercules, I think I am i' th' right. CANIDIUS. Soldier, thou art; but his whole action grows Not i
ine, proceed. QUEEN KATHARINE. I am solicited, not by a few, And those of true condition, that your subjects Are in g
amekeeper, or anything upon earth except a very favourable specimen of the provincial criminal offic
 we go? CELIA. To seek my uncle in the Forest of Arden. ROSALIND. Alas, what danger will it be to us, Maids
RIFF OF WILTSHIRE HASTINGS, a pursuivant TRESSEL and BERKELEY, gentlemen attending on Lady Anne ELIZABETH, Queen to Ki
ou, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," said Jabez Wilson, mopping his forehead; "I have a small pawnbroker's business at Coburg Square, near the City. It's not a very large affair, and of late years 
y friends; and woe to my Lord Chief Justice! PISTOL. Let vultures vile seize on his lungs also! 'Where is the l
t disanimates his enemies. KING HENRY. When Gloucester says the word, King Henry goes; For friendly counsel cuts off many foes
oth he, as if He had been abroad, carousing to his mates After a storm; quaff'd off the muscadel, And threw th
iscretion, and I will right myself like a soldier. Exeunt WORTHIES KING. How fares your Majesty? PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Boyet, 
 IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION.
 OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOI
 do guess You do not purpose to him- and as hardly Will he endure your sight as yet, I fear; Then, til
 good fat goose, which is, I have no doubt, roasting at this moment in front of Peterson's fire. The facts are these: about four o'clock on Christmas morning
 in faded pencil-writing. In the left-hand corner is a curious hieroglyphic like four crosses in a line with th
 in loving us. He will suspect us still and find a time To punish this offence in other faults. Suspicion all our lives shall be stuck full of eyes; For treason is but trusted 
 is Thy condemnation and thy death. PISANIO. Then, sir, This paper is the history of my knowledge Touching her flight. [Presenting a letter] CLOTEN. Let's see't. I 
 is just a field between us, but to reach it you have to go along the road and then turn down a lane. Just beyond it is a nice little grove of Scotch firs, and
 is the dead woman?" "Well, if you really must know, she is an old nurse of my wife's, Rose Spender by
 it tastes, though it be dish'd For me to try how; all I know of it Is that Camillo was an honest man; And why he left your court
 mad. The venom clamours of a jealous woman Poisons more deadly than a mad dog's tooth. It seems his sleeps were h
 of American railway bonds, with a large amount of scrip in mines and other companies, was discovered in the bag. O
 of night, And never show thy head by day nor light. Lords, I protest my soul is full of woe That blood should s
 of those lines of old Goethe,-- Schade, da die Natur nur einen Mensch aus Dir schuf, Denn zum wrdigen Mann war 
 plain a stop That the blunt monster with uncounted heads, The still-discordant wav'ring multitude, Can play upon it. But w
 still; Or those that think it is unlawful business I am about, let them depart. LEONTES. Proceed. No foot shall stir. PAULINA. Music, awake her: strike. [Mus
 that I more love than myself. You are counsellor; if you can command these elements to silence, and work the 
 the Temple? Have I not--?" "Where are your wives?" asked Young, looking round him. "Call them in, that I may 
 thee, or no? ANGELO. He had, my lord, and when he ran in here, These people saw the chain about his neck. SECOND 
 then have courtesy, so she Will yield us up. EUPHRONIUS. He says so. ANTONY. Let her know't. To the boy Caesar send thi
 there were three men inquiring for Captain Basil. "Show them in one by one," said Holmes. The first who entered was 
 there, i' the name of Belzebub? Here's a farmer that hanged himself on th' expectation of plenty. Come in time! Have napkins enow about you; here you'll sweat fort. [Knocking within.] Kno
 therefore I yield thee my free consent. WARWICK. And I choose Clarence only for Protector. KING HENRY. Warwic
 these appeared to leak or to have been broken, for a stream of dark-colored liquid had trickled out from it, and the air was heavy with a
 these news of woe, Pray God the plants thou graft'st may never grow! Exeunt QUEEN and LADIES GARDENER. Poor
 these swelling heavens I am too perfect in; and, but for shame, In such a Barley should I answer thee. The Lady again in Welsh. I understand thy kisses,
 they come to take hands, and then with public accusation, uncover'd slander, unmitigated rancour--O God, that I were a man! I would eat his he
 to discover what is wanted by this German who writes upon Bohemian paper and prefers wearing a mask to showing his face. And here he comes, if I am not mistaken, to resolv
 to foot than from hip to hip: she is spherical, like a globe; I could find out countries in her. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. In wha
 to go out alone will become very much more onerous if a love affair were to be added to our other difficulties. My popularity would so
 wilful disobedience, and rebel! Beside, what infamy will there arise When foreign princes shall be certified That for a toy, a thing of no regard, Kin
 young judge, how I do honour thee! PORTIA. I pray you, let me look upon the bond. SHYLOCK. Here 'tis, most reverend Doctor; here it i
 your friendship with Mr. Sherlock Holmes is so well known. Would you mind coming over and speaking to Mrs. Douglas for one instant?" I follow
. Hail, worthy Timon! PAINTER. Our late noble master! TIMON. Have I once liv'd to see two honest men? POET. Sir, Having often of your open bounty tasted, Hearing you were retir'd, yo
. Those that Macbeth hath slain. ROSS. Alas, the day! What good could they pretend? MACDUFF. They were suborn'd: Malcolm
AYOR OF LONDON, attended MAYOR. O, my good lords, and virtuous Henry, Pity the city of London, pity us! The
ETTA withholds the letter] How now, minion! LUCETTA. Keep tune there still, so you will sing it out. An
all speed to Doctor Shaw. [To CATESBY] Go thou to Friar Penker. Bid them both Meet me within this hour at Baynard's Castle. Exeunt all b
and illegal constraint." "The law cannot, as you say, touch you," said Holmes, unlocking and throwing open the door, "yet there never was a man who deserved punishment more. If the
and kept us at the top of our speed. The east had been gradually whitening, and we could now see som
and that even here thou takest, As from my death-bed, thy last living leave. In winter's tedious nights sit by the fire With good old folks, and let them tell thee tales Of woefu
and we looked up to find a queer little old man, jerking and twitching in the doorway. He was dressed in rusty black, with a very broad brimmed top-
aris? Paris is dirt to him; and, I warrant, Helen, to change, would give an eye to boot. CRESSIDA. Here com
ave you read anything else in this message, Mr. Holmes?" "There are one or two indications, and yet the utmost pains have been taken to remove all clues. The address, 
cused my companion of putting forward a most lame and impotent excuse to cover his failure. What data could he expect from an uncleaned watch? "Though unsatisfactory, my research has not been
d thorns at their apparel snatch; Some sleeves, some hats, from yielders all things catch. I led them on in this distracted fear, A
d. "If I used my own some of these dunderheads would recognize it, and want to meddle in the affair." "That is all right," I answered. "But supposing 
e we went into the very simple problem presented by Miss Mary Sutherland, that for strange effects and extraordinary combinations we must go to life itself, which is always far
en, heaven, set ope thy everlasting gates, To entertain my vows of thanks and praise! Soldiers, this day have you redeem'd your lives, A
enour. Arch. Like enough you do. To-morrow, good Sir Michael, is a day Wherein the fortune of ten thousand men Must bid
er, woo her, assail her. AGUECHEEK. By my troth, I would not undertake her in this company. Is that the meaning of 'accost'? MARIA. Fare you well, gentlemen. SIR TOBY. An thou let pa
ere some unwarlike and harried race who were forced to accept that which none other would occupy. All this, however, is foreign to the mission on w
he servants were cross-questioned, but none of them had heard of such a place. The stable-boy threw a light upon the matter by remembering that a farmer of
her seen nor heard. The man who held out against the Church vanished away, and none knew whither he had gon
his profession, that his good receipt Shall for my legacy be sanctified By th' luckiest stars in heaven; and, would your hono
hou wilt, thou art my prisoner. [Gazes on her] O fairest beauty, do not fear nor fly! For I will touch thee but with reverent hands; I kiss these fi
hou with deep premeditated lines, With written pamphlets studiously devis'd? Humphrey of Gloucester, if thou canst accuse Or aught intend'st to lay unto m
ing in a banquet LUCENTIO. At last, though long, our jarring notes agree; And time it is when raging war is done To smile at sca
ing of England? SECOND KEEPER. Here in this country, where we now remain. KING HENRY. I was anointed king at nine months old; My fathe
ith their woven wings. SOLANIO. Believe me, sir, had I such venture forth, The better part of my affections would Be with my hopes abroad. I 
n this place I'll set a bank of rue, sour herb of grace. Rue, even for ruth, here shortly shall be seen, In the remembrance of 
nder] Alas, the storm is come again! My best way is to creep under his gaberdine; there is no other shelter hereabout. Misery acquaints a
of turning in and Holmes was settling down to one of those all-night chemical researches which he frequ
our comfort, So happy is your brother. ISABELLA. I do, my lord. Re-enter ANGELO, MARIANA, FRIAR PETER, and PROVOST DUKE. For this new-mar
our times in a single week. One morning a young girl called, fashionably dressed, and stayed for half an hour or more. The same afternoon brought a g
part, I have no means of checking you," said I, "but at least it is not difficult to find out a few part
re were black, it was better surely to face it like a man than to attempt to brighten it by mere will-o'-the-wisps of the 
s minds mistrust Ensuing danger; as by proof we see The water swell before a boist'rous storm. But leave it all to God. Whither away? SECOND CITIZEN. Marry, we were sent for to 
the Napoleon bust business again," said Lestrade. "You seemed interested last night, Mr. Holmes, so I thought perhaps you would be glad to be present now that the affair has taken a very
the hound; but when he performs, astronomers foretell it: it is prodigious, there will come some change; the sun bo
the main facts of the case, stripped of all surmise, and stated as baldly as possible. I shall now recapitu
the merry cheerer of the heart, Unpruned dies; her hedges even-pleach'd, Like prisoners wildly overgrown with hair, Put forth disorder'd twig
the point of my revolver if necessary, who he was and why he had dogged us so long. He might slip away from us in the crowd of Regent Street, bu
the views from Birlstone Ridge over the Weald are very remarkable. No doubt lunch could be got at some suitable hostelry; tho
the winking of authority To understand a law; to know the meaning Of dangerous majesty, when perchance it frowns More upon humour th
the world is lost With very ignorance; we have kiss'd away Kingdoms and provinces. ENOBARBUS. How appears the fight? SCARU
this, consorted with the citizens, Your very worshipful and loving friends, And by their vehement instigation, In this just ca
thou sure, When he shall come to his account, he knows not What I can urge against him. Although it seems, And so he thinks, and is no less app
tis a vulgar proof That very oft we pity enemies. OLIVIA. Why, then, methinks 'tis time to smile aga
was a letter from a foreign potentate--was received six days ago. It was of such importance that I have never left it in my safe,
was only last night that I was looking over my old notes, and classifying some of our past results." "I trust t
y harm has befallen the Lady Frances?" Holmes shook his head very gravely. "Supposing that they have held 
y lips. KING HENRY. I prithee give no limits to my tongue: I am a king, and privileg'd to speak. CLIFFORD. My liege, the w
you should be of the peace. SILENCE. Your good worship is welcome. FALSTAFF. Fie! this is hot weather. Gentlemen, have you p
you stay no longer; nor will you not that I go with you? SEBASTIAN. By your patience, no. My stars shine darkly over me
, As duteous to the vices of thy mistress As badness would desire. Glou. What, is he dead? Edg. Sit you down, father; rest y
N OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJ
t To learn the order of my fingering, I must begin with rudiments of art, To teach you gamut in a briefer sort, More pleasant, pithy, and effectual, Than hath be
l at it, then?" said he to Holmes. "I thought you Londoners were never at fault. You don't seem to be so very quick, a
o busy to visit Baker Street, and he seldom went anywhere himself save upon professional business. I was surprised, therefore, when, one 
I could see. VIOLA. For saying so, there's gold. Mine own escape unfoldeth to my hope, Whereto thy speech serves for authority, The like of him. Know'st thou this country? CAPTAIN. Ay, madam, w
o forbid, With safest distance I mine honour shielded. Experience for me many bulwarks builded Of proofs new-bleeding, which remained the foil Of t
s here! a grave unto a soul; Holding th' eternal spirit, against her will, In the vile prison of afflicted breath. I prithee, lady, go away with me. CONSTANCE.
d in unofficial tweeds. "He is very ill," I answered. He looked at me in a most singular fashion. Had it not be
, no enemies, and no particular vices. He had been engaged to Miss Edith Woodley, of Carstairs, but the en
d not be more than five.' "'You're only wasting your time, sir, and every minute now is of importance,' cried the commissionaire; 'take my word for it that my old woman has nothing to do with it, a
d not have it so. How chance my brother Troilus went not? HELEN. He hangs the lip at something. You know all, Lord Pandarus. PANDARUS. Not I, honey-swe
t of his chair, he ran into the house. He was back in a moment, and I smelt a strong reek of brandy as he passed me. "'Well, my man,' said he. 'What can I do for you?' "The sailor s
r of my natural existence. How could I meet this friend of yours?" "He is sure to be at the laboratory," retu
y presence. Her appearance gave me a shock. In the dining-room she had been demure and discreet. Now all pretense of grief 
l the Queen these news. WESTMORELAND. Farewell, faint-hearted and degenerate king, In whose cold blood no spark of h
n the wanton summer air, And yet not fall; so light is vanity. Jul. Good even to my ghostly confessor. Friar. Romeo shall thank thee, daught
d then the daughter spoke in a calm clear voice. "'No good can ever come of falsehood, mother,' she said. 'Let us be frank with this gentleman. We did see Mr. Drebbe
, there was always a touch of suspicion in Mr. Trevor's manner towards me. Even his son remarked it. 'You've given the governor suc
f thou wouldst not be a villain, but do me true service, undergo those employments wherein I should have c
h to it circumstantial branches, which Distinction should be rich in. Where? how liv'd you? And when came you to serve our Roman ca
g to sally out into the streets in search of a best man. The bride gave me a sovereign, and I mean to we
l to the lodge, and so I tell you straight; but I would be a poor creature if I were to repeat to any other
w your lamp go out and knew that the coast was clear. You can report to me to-morrow in London, Martha, at Claridge's Hotel." "Very good, sir." "I suppose you have everything ready to 
t. When are you married, madam? Hero. Why, every day to-morrow! Come, go in. I'll show thee some attires, and have thy counsel Which is the 
HE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. 
EUS. Would you desire lime and hair to speak better? DEMETRIUS. It is the wittiest partition that ever I heard discourse, my
abreast, Charg'd our main battle's front, and, breaking in, Were by the swords of common soldiers slain. EDWARD. Lord Stafford's father, Duke of Buckingham, Is
ecessary about a year ago to engage a secretary. The first two that he tried were not successes; but the third, Mr. Willoughby Smith, a
ed heartily at my perplexity. "You remember," said he, "that some little time ago when I read you the passage in one of Poe's sketches in which a close reasone
We have, of course, wired to the Belfast post-office, but a large number of parcels were handed in upon that day, and t
ke it more like a tavern or a brothel Than a grac'd palace. The shame itself doth speak For instant remedy. 
ce's coming to town. There's a letter for you. POINS. Deliver'd with good respect. And how doth the martlema
ger, do him love and honour, Purchase the sight again of dear Sicilia And that unhappy king, my master, whom I so much thirst to s
this anatomy Doth my name lodge? Tell me, that I may sack The hateful mansion. [Draws his dagger.] Friar. Hold thy desperate hand. A
Will have of these trim vanities! LOVELL. Ay, marry, There will be woe indeed, lords: the sly whoresons Have got a speeding trick to lay down ladies. A French so
hing is not a vision and a touch of nerves?" "That, at least, is very easily settled," said Holmes, lighting his little pocket lantern. "Yes," he reported, af
king it for anything but a newly-dug grave. As the young hunter approached it, he perceived that a stick had been planted 
hing of it. You are endeavouring to trace some geese which were sold by Mrs. Oakshott, of Brixton Roa
ying self. MIRANDA. Alack, for pity! I, not rememb'ring how I cried out then, Will cry it o'er again; it is a hint That wrings mine eyes to't. PROSPERO. Hear a little 
iking-looking woman, a little short and thick for symmetry, but with a beautiful olive complexion, lar
in the Capitol, A man no mightier than thyself or me In personal action, yet prodigious grown And fearful, 
hout a moment's warning, was bundled out of his room, and from that time onward there were always at least
ds he saw a sight which sent a thrill of pleasure through his heart. On the edge of a jutting pinnacle, th
as many lies As may be halloa'd in thy treacherous ear From sun to sun. There is my honour's pawn; Engage it to the trial, if 
IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIB
ke her? O Isis! 'tis impossible. CLEOPATRA. I think so, Charmian. Dull of tongue and dwarfish! What majesty is in her gai
h, in a napkin being close convey'd, Shall in despite enforce a watery eye. See this dispatch'd with all the haste thou canst; Anon I'll give thee 
st in my judgment's place. In nothing art thou black save in thy deeds, And thence this slander as I think proceeds. 132 Th
ir of a conjurer who is performing a trick. "Would you kindly send one of your constables for two buckets of wa
as she, But, being mask'd, he was not sure of it; Besides, she did intend confession At Patrick's cell this even; and
me than I can express. If I were to see my father in one of these dreadful seizures I am convinced that I shoul
ng the grass-grown path by which we had come. It seems, however, that there must have been some short cut for
or the world! Why, man, she is mine own; And I as rich in having such a jewel As twenty seas, if all their sand were pearl, The w
it to bandy with thy lawless sons, To ruffle in the commonwealth of Rome. TITUS. These words are razors to my wounded h
se to convey your warning to Sir Henry." An expression of irresolution passed for an instant over her face, but
ed to me many years, I should not die but in Jerusalem; Which vainly I suppos'd the Holy Land. But bear me to that
ve to physic your cold breast. '"My parts had pow'r to charm a sacred nun, Who, disciplined, ay, dieted in grace,
be your head. So be gone; you are sped.' Still more fool I shall appear By the time I linger here. With one f
be your respective roles! That's genius, Watson. But if I am spared by lesser men, our day will surely come." "May I be there to see!" I exclaimed devoutly. "But you were 
lf your loyal servant, or endure Your heaviest censure. FIRST LORD. Bear from hence his body, And mourn you for him. Let him be regarded As the most noble corse that ever herald Did
stand about thee! Exeunt severally PRIAM and HECTOR. Alarums TROILUS. They are at it, hark! Proud Diomed, believe, I come to lose my arm or win my sleeve. Enter PAN
usand black devils let loose, and the country was a perfect hell. Of course you know all about it, gent
stand your slave, A poor, infirm, weak, and despis'd old man. But yet I call you servile ministers, That will with two pernicious daughters join Y
ord should shed hot blood, mine eyes no tears. Anjou and Maine! myself did win them both; Those provinces these arms o
ile a thing as Caesar? But, O grief, Where hast thou led me? I perhaps speak this Before a willing bondman; then I know My answer must be made. But I am arm'd, And dangers are to me ind
the lethargy which springs from despair. If there was nothing else left to him, he could at least devote his life to revenge. With indomitable patience and perseverance, Jefferson Ho
rrect in every particular." "Ah, that is good luck. I could only say what was the balance of probability. I did not at all expect to be so accurate." "But it 
Twere good, I think, your lordship sent him thither: There shall he practise tilts and tournaments, Hear sweet discourse, converse with noblemen, And be in eye of every e
seful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things so that he has a difficulty in laying his hands upon it. Now the skilful workman is very ca
 'gainst Rome, And vows revenge as spacious as between The young'st and oldest thing. SICINIUS. This is most likely! BRUTUS. Rais'd only that the weaker sort may wish Good Marcius home again.
"That will do," cried Holmes. "What became of him?" "We'd enough to do without lookin' after him," the p
 She seemingly obedient likewise hath Made promise to the doctor. Now thus it rests: Her father means she shall be all in white; And in that 
 this instant he is sick, my lord, Of a strange fever. Upon his mere request- Being come to knowledge that there was complaint Intended 'gainst Lord Angelo- came
twice or thrice was 'Proteus' written down. Be calm, good wind, blow not a word away Till I have found each letter i
 kicky-wicky here at home, Spending his manly marrow in her arms, Which should sustain the bound and high curvet Of Mars's fiery steed. To other regions! France is a stable; we that dwell
nding naked on a mountain top Where biting cold would never let grass grow, And think it but a minute spent in sport. QU
this splinter be poisonous Thaddeus may as well have made murderous use of it as any other man. The card is so
 with my country's love Than when I parted hence, but still subsisting Under your great command. You are to know That prosperously I have attempted, and With bloody passage led yo
acknowledged.- Do you know this noble gentleman, Edmund? Edm. [comes forward] No, my lord. Glou. My Lord of Kent. Remember him hereafter as my honourable friend. 
 know not now what name to call myself! O that I were a mockery king of snow, Standing before the sun of Boling
 hovered over it all day. I flatter myself that I could find my way about." "A large scale map, I pre
 practis'd on me for thy use- May it be possible that foreign hire Could out of thee extract one spark of evil That might a
 great Lord of Northumberland, Whose warlike ears could never brook retreat, Cheer'd up the drooping army, and h
his fourteen years we have let slip; Even like an o'ergrown lion in a cave, That goes not out to prey. Now, as fond fathers, Having bound up the th
itself must not yet be But by self-danger, you should tread a course Pretty and full of view; yea, happi
 out of your house today. CAESAR. Caesar shall forth: the things that threaten'd me Ne'er look'd but on my ba
ar; And I will stoop and humble my intents To your well-practis'd wise directions. And, Princes all, beli
 do Than wishest should be undone." Hie thee hither, That I may pour my spirits in thine ear, And chastise with the valor of my tongue All that i
ETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WIT
ess in the office, you had continued in it some time. You say seven years together? ELBOW. And a half, sir. ESCALUS. Alas, it hath been great pains to
ker in the world can more prevail in man's commendation with woman than report of valour. FABIAN. There is no way but this, Sir Andrew. AGUECHEEK. Will either of you b
all me madam? And didst thou not kiss me, and bid me fetch the thirty shillings? I put thee now to thy book-oat
und my feet, and suddenly an idea came into my head which showed me how I could beat the best detective that ever lived. "My sister h
all of them at Bristow lost their heads. AUMERLE. Where is the Duke my father with his power? KING RICHARD. No matter where-of comfort no man speak. Let's talk of graves, of worms, a
 to the mountain's top Even on their knees and hands, let him slip down, Not one accompanying his declining foot. 
ey, the good Duke of Gloucester,' Clapping their hands, and crying with loud voice 'Jesu maintain your royal exc
l a thing for us to discuss in open lodge. God forbid that I should throw a doubt on anyone here; but if so much as a word of gossip got to the ears of this man, there wou
hat threw'st dust upon his goodly head, When through proud London he came sighing on After th' admired heels of Bolingbroke, Criest now '
ind to send a couple of the boys round before evening to give him a beating up and see what they can get from him." "Well, there would be no harm in that," McMurdo answered. "I won't deny tha
hat we have had no time to move our daughter. Look you, she lov'd her kinsman Tybalt dearly, And so did I. Well, we were born to die. 'Tis very late; she'll not come down to-night. I pro
lov'd. How dost thou like this tune? VIOLA. It gives a very echo to the seat Where Love is thron'd. DUKE
you." "Thank you, I would really rather not." "Well, then," said Holmes, with a mischievous twinkle, "I suppose that you h
?" The great Minister showed perceptible hesitation. "I do not think so," he said, at last. "The other most obvious explanat
like not fair terms and a villain's mind. ANTONIO. Come on; in this there can be no dismay; My ships come hom
o that Which they would have the profferer construe 'Ay.' Fie, fie, how wayward is this foolish love, That like
. What can have put the shivers on him?" "He suspects that we are detectives," I suggested. "That's it," cried Pycroft. 
berly did mount an arm-gaunt steed, Who neigh'd so high that what I would have spoke Was beastly dumb'd by him. CLEOPATRA. What, was he sad or merry? ALEXAS. Like to the time o' th' year between
bears, which show Like graves i' th' holy churchyard. CORIOLANUS. Scratches with briers, Scars to move laughter only. MENENIUS. Consider further, That when he speaks not like a citiz
hts. Ros. We shall, my lord. Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. King. Sweet Gertrude, leave us too; For we have closely sent for Hamlet hither, That he, as 'twere by accident, may here Affront O
help Than with an old one dying. ANTONY. Moon and stars! Whip him. Were't twenty of the greatest tributaries That do acknowledge Caesar, should I find them S
ever heard of Godfrey Staunton you don't know Cyril Overton either?" Holmes shook his head good-humouredly. "Great Scot!"
when her mournful hymns did hush the night, But that wild music burthens every bough, And sweets grown common lose their dear delight. Therefore like her,
e of it on sleeping eyelids laid Will make or man or woman madly dote Upon the next live creature that it sees. Fetch me this herb, and be thou here again 
name of Benedick But hear these ill news with the ears of Claudio. [Unmasks.] 'Tis certain so. The Prin
cked the door and went to my room." "Whom do you suspect?" "Oh, I would not venture to say, sir. I don't believe there is any gentleman in this University who is capable of profiting 
ping the note-book which he had brought with him in order to question Peter Carey about these different sec
s of these three daredevil roysterers, but it was that, standing over Hugo, and plucking at his throat, there stood a foul thing, a great, black beast, shaped 
m us to his liking, Will undertake to woo curst Katherine; Yea, and to marry her, if her dowry please. GREMIO. So said, so done, is well. 
port to me to-morrow in London, Martha, at Claridge's Hotel." "Very good, sir." "I suppose you have everything ready to leave." 
Thus we are agreed. I crave our composition may be written, And seal'd between us. CAESAR. That's the next to do. POMPEY. We'll feast each other ere we par
d of you. Our brother is imprison'd by your means, Myself disgrac'd, and the nobility Held in contempt; whi
 hut. "It is a lovely evening, my dear Watson," said a well-known voice. "I really think that you will be more comfortable outside than in." CHAPTER XII Death on the Moor For a moment o
ILLE. God's blessing on your beard! BOYET. Good sir, be not offended; She is an heir of Falconbridge. L
to take back what you've said, or else make it good. One or the other you must do before I quit this room. Put
To call a present court of Parliament. Let us pursue him ere the writs go forth. What says Lord Warwick? Shall we after t
husband find at Tunis; And Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife Where he himself was lost; Prospero his dukedom In a poor isle; and all of us ours
ime and spite dare bring To frown upon th' enrag'd Northumberland! Let heaven kiss earth! Now let not Nature's hand Keep the wild flood
, stand there!" He struck a match on his boot and held it up against the wall. "Look at that!" he said, triumphantly. I have rema
t becomes a personal matter with me now, and, if God sends me health, I shall set my hand upon this gang. That he should come to
e had been standing, stuck one of those murderous darts which we knew so well. It must have whizzed between us at the instant that we fired. Holmes smiled at it and shrugged his shoulde
 homely meat. CLOWN. O Lord, sir!-Nay, put me to't, I warrant you. COUNTESS. You were lately whipp'd, s
p'd his anointed head as low as death. This have I rumour'd through the peasant towns Between that royal field of Shrewsbury And this worm-eaten h
Of this his nephew's purpose, to suppress His further gait herein, in that the levies, The lists, and full pro
ceiving earth; For 'tis your thoughts that now must deck our kings, Carry them here and there, jumping o'er times, Turning th' accomplishment of many years Into an hour-glass; for t
t being lighted as we paced up and down in front of Briony Lodge, waiting for the coming of its occupant. The house was just such as I had pictured
cy looks; Small have continual plodders ever won, Save base authority from others' books. These earthly go
 before my face! Pindarus descends. Come hither, sirrah. In Parthia did I take thee prisoner, And then I swore th
 'tis a thing impossible I should love thee but as a property. ANNE.. May be he tells you true. FENTON. No, heaven so speed m
s, as we knocked at Gilchrist's door. A tall, flaxen-haired, slim young fellow opened it, and made us welco
 just those which we deemed to be essential, and then piece them together in their order, so as to reconstruct this very remarkable chain of events. I had already begun to suspect Jo
t without result. "I feel it give a little," said he; "but, though I am exceptionally strong in the fing
WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BEN
 just a little lower down was a long building, which proved, upon my approaching it, to be the very st
oubts and fears, she rushed down the lane and, by rare good-fortune, met in Fresno Street a number of constables with 
iends be grieved- Among which number, Cassius, be you one- Nor construe any further my neglect Than that poor Brutus with himself at war Forgets the shows of lov
ut it chances The stealth of our most mutual entertainment, With character too gross, is writ on Juliet. LUCIO.
! But for my tears, The moist impediments unto my speech, I had forestall'd this dear and deep rebuke Ere
il in fortune of my choice, Immediately to leave you and be gone. PORTIA. To these injunctions every one doth swear That comes to hazard for my worthless self. A
 very forward March-chick! How came you to this? Bora. Being entertain'd for a perfumer, as I was smoking a musty room, comes me the
which he told inimitably. Then he handed me a yellow-backed novel, and moving my chair a little sideways, that my own shadow might n
train in me the cursed thoughts that nature Gives way to in repose! Enter Macbeth and a Servant with
ional in that respect myself. The rough-and-tumble work in Afghanistan, coming on the top of a natural Bohemianism of disposition, has made me rather more lax than befits a medical man. But with me t
nless it is set right it may certainly have a very unfortunate effect." "Ah!" She drew in her breath sharply as one whose doubts 
efend me from that Welsh fairy, lest he transform me to a piece of cheese! PUCK. Vile worm, thou wast o'erlook'd even in thy birth. FAIRY QUEEN. With trial-fire touch me h
 meet me run away for fear; Therefore no marvel though Demetrius Do, as a monster, fly my presence thus. What wicked and dissembling glass of mine Made me co
n the morning." "Anything more that you would like to ask, Mr. Holmes?" said Lestrade, whose eyebrows had gone up once or twice during this remarkable explanation. "Not until I have been to Blackh
 from my soul Wiped the black scruples, reconciled my thoughts To thy good truth and honor. Devilish Macbeth By many of these trains hath soug
count of the whole situation when that work is finished." "I am full of curiosity. I should much prefer to hear now." "You'll come wi
ither the Aurora or Mr. Mordecai Smith." "Toby could eat these scraps, I dare say. Are you going to bed, Holme
 wipe their lips. SECOND SERVANT. Why, then we shall have a stirring world again. This peace is nothing but
 what they call delirium, I guess," he muttered. The child stood beside him, holding on to the skirt of his coat, and said nothing
began to run out. This gave the hunter little uneasiness, however, for there was game to be had amon
t you to sleep." He took up his violin from the corner, and as I stretched myself out he began to play some low, dreamy, melodio
 I'll to the Centaur to go seek this slave. I greatly fear my money is not safe. <Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 B
, and you the set of books; You shall go see your pupils presently. Holla, within! Enter a SERVANT Sirrah, lea
cause you do not follow my train of thought or observe the small facts upon which large inferences may depend. For example, I began by stating that your brother was careless. Whe
ch up you; and on this island Where man doth not inhabit-you 'mongst men Being most unfit to live. I have made you mad;
 Why, your lieutenant, Cassio. Good my lord, If I have any grace or power to move you, His present reconciliati
 fair, The ornament of beauty is suspect, A crow that flies in heaven's sweetest air. So thou be good, slander doth but approve, Thy worth the greater being wooed of time, For c
ue, we only tumble out of one mystery into another," said the London inspector. "And in some ways a worse one," added White Mason. "The lady h
en she took me by the hand and begged me to tell no one what had happened. "'"It's an old acquaintance of mine w
is a foreigner, and he looks as if a little good Berkshire beef would do him no harm." The station-master had not finished his speech before we were all hastening in th
e in full possession of the facts. What course do you recommend?" Holmes shook his head mournfully. "
m to his death? It may be lurking among these rocks at this instant. And Stapleton, where is he? He shall answer
 nothing by that! In our last conflict four of his five wits went halting off, and now is the whole 
f. "Upon my word, you are getting on," said he. "Do all your successes depend upon this prodigious power of bluff?" "Th
uch as before, but after a time I began to find that there was a bit of a change in Mary herself. She had always been so trusting and so innocent, bu
 Sometime a keeper here in Windsor Forest, Doth all the winter-time, at still midnight, Walk round about 
MPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY P
MPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISS
r that and reached my brother's rooms in Pall Mall, where I spent the day. Now I have come round to you, and
off If at Philippi we do face him there, These people at our back. CASSIUS. Hear me, good brother. BRUTUS. Under your pardon. You
ok his head. "Man, you are surely travelling overfast," said he. "I have heard no evidence yet that any stranger was eve
 given him tears unto entreaties Ere he should thus have ventur'd. CELIA. Gentle cousin, Let us go thank him, and encourage him; My father's rough an
uskets in their hands, and it was another to stand by while men were being killed in cold blood. Eight of us, five con
I fear it is too choleric a meat. How say you to a fat tripe finely broil'd? KATHERINA. I like it well; good Grumio, fetc
or the loss of those great towns Will make him burst his lead and rise from death. GLOUCESTER. Is Paris lost? Is Rouen yielded up? If Henry were recall'd to li
g from my bed, wrapped a shawl round me, and rushed into the corridor. As I opened my door I seemed to hear a low whistle, such as my 
ssica, my girl, Look to my house. I am right loath to go; There is some ill a-brewing towards my rest, For I did dream of money-bags to-night
uch me not so near: I had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth Than it should do offense to Michael Cassio; Yet, I persuade myself, to speak the truth Shall not
-a man of dreams. I cannot explain the practical things of life. But still, we are aware, my friend, that love-gages may take strange sh
sister of mine apply for." "What is the meaning of it all, Mr. Holmes?" "Ah, I have no data. I cannot tell. Perhap
ould I then be false, since it is true That I must die here, and live hence by truth? I say again, if Lewis do will the day, He is forsworn if e'er those eyes of yours Behold an
opy to these younger times; Which, followed well, would demonstrate them now But goers backward. BERTRAM. His good remembrance, sir, Lies richer in your thoughts than on h
ngaged to engineer it on a promise of part spoils, or he may have been paid so much down to manage it. Either is possible. But whichever 
ove to you or yours. [They embrace] KING EDWARD. A pleasing cordial, princely Buckingham, Is this thy vow unto m
 madam, I must trouble you again No loving token to his Majesty? MARGARET. Yes, my good lord: a pure unspotted heart, Never yet taint with love, I send t
Prince. Why, thou owest God a death. Exit. Fal. 'Tis not due yet. I would be loath to pay him before his day. Wh
lf." "The paper!" croaked a voice behind us. The man was sitting up, blanched and ghastly, with returning reason in his
od's sake take a house. This is some priory. In, or we are spoil'd. <Exeunt ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE and 
and shall find it so In all that I can do. IACHIMO. Thanks, fairest lady. What, are men mad? Hath nature given them eyes To see this vault
 scraped, but was still dangerously slippery, so that there were fewer passengers than usual. Indeed, from the direction o
 and that suspicion would rest the more readily upon him. What did you do, then? You made some small job 
 somewhere. I lay listening with all my ears. Suddenly, to my horror, there was a distinct sound of footsteps moving softly in the next ro
an's this advantage found, And his love-kindling fire did quickly steep In a cold valley-fountain of that ground: Which borrowed
ps. "This must be serious, Watson. A death which has caused my brother to alter his habits can be no
er. "An injured lady, half a million in treasure, a black cannibal, and a wooden-legged ruffian. They take the place of the
 examined it. To my amazement it was neither locked nor bolted! I touched Holmes on the arm, and he turned his masked face i
 orphans, wretches, castaways, If that our noble father were alive? DUCHESS. My pretty cousins, you mistake me both; I do lament the sickness of th
dishonour not your eye By throwing it on any other object Till you have heard me in my true complaint
ut armour on.' KING EDWARD. Belike she minds to play the Amazon. But what said Warwick to these injuries? MESSENGER. He, more incens'd against your Majest
 to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. His rooms were brilliantly lit, and, even as I
AN. Not in deed, madam; for I can do nothing But what indeed is honest to be done. Yet have I fierce affections, and 
pardon. I had rather have my wounds to heal again Than hear say how I got them. BRUTUS. Sir, I hope My words disben
 AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AN
 after. Proclaim it, Provost, round about the city, If any woman wrong'd by this lewd fellow- As I have heard him swear himself there's one Whom he
OMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONI
aughter as long as she lived with them. It was a considerable sum, for people in their position, and the loss of it would have made
ies, to be friends; Pays dear for my offences. Exit POSTHUMUS. Should we be taking leave As long a term as 
 fix up his own little hiding-place without any confederate--save, of course, that precious housekeeper of his, whom I should lose no
n a man is lost it is my duty to ascertain his fate, but having done so the matter ends so far as I am conce
plation of a single bone, so the observer who has thoroughly understood one link in a series of incidents should be able to accurately
d, sir, of such a man, who hath a daughter of most rare note. The report of her is extended more than can be thought to begin from
er side of this and lay down once more upon his face with a little cry of satisfaction. For a long time he remained there, turning ov
n a day or two, and carrying it to the French embassy, or wherever he thought that a long price was to be had. Then 
t give, provided always that they were such commands as a lady might with propriety obey. You see no difficulty, heh?' "'I should be happy to make myself
or many so arrive at second masters Upon their first lord's neck. But tell me true, For I must ever doubt though ne'er so sure, Is
 Follow the knave, and take this drab away. WIFE. Alas, sir, we did it for pure need! GLOUCESTER. Let them be whipp'd through every market town till they come to Berwick, f
, Under the surly Gloucester's governance? Am I a queen in title and in style, And must be made a subject to a duke? I tell thee, Pole, when 
OR. [To the Citizens] Hence to your homes; be gone. MARCIUS. Nay, let them follow. The Volsces have much corn: take these rats thit
t seems the most reasonable theory," said Stapleton, and he gave a sigh which I took to indicate his relief. "What do you think about it, Mr. Sherlock Holmes?" My friend
ues. To the logician all things should be seen exactly as they are, and to underestimate one's self is as much a departure from truth as 
 assure them that this little bundle of letters would give more joy than all the candelabra and butter-dishes in London." "It is imposs
 is it, then?" "Well, you know, after a crime of this sort we are very careful to keep things in their position. No
inly be there.' "'And not a word to a soul.' He looked at me with a last long, questioning gaze, and then, pressing my hand in a cold, dank grasp, he hurried from the room. "Well
m speak to him; then prophet-like They hail'd him father to a line of kings. Upon my head they placed a fruitless crown And put a barren sc
ve come to my ears several incidents which are hard to reconcile with the settled order of Nature." "For example?" 
say you to that? PAROLLES. By my troth, sir, if I were to live this present hour, I will tell true. Let me see: Spurio, a hundred 
 unless you give me your doublet, and stuff me out with straw. I beseech you, good Sir John, let me have five hundred of my thousand. FALSTAFF. S
! Since you can cog, I'll play no more with you. BEROWNE. One word in secret. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Let it not be s
ce! sit you down And let me wring your heart; for so I shall If it be made of penetrable stuff; If damned custom have not braz'd it so That i
nk that you have aught but Talbot's shadow Whereon to practise your severity. COUNTESS. Why, art not thou the man? TALBOT
examine your symptoms and treat you for them." He looked at me with venomous eyes. "If I am to have a doctor whether I will or 
hink of yourself spreading reports about me like that, and then crawling to me for help the moment you are in trouble? Wha
tanding, a woman. Him I, as my ever-esteemed duty pricks me on, have sent to thee, to receive the meed of punishment, by thy sweet Grace's officer, Antony Dull, a man o
 Scroop, besides a clergyman Of holy reverence; who, I cannot learn. NORTHUMBERLAND. O, belike it is the Bishop of Carlisle. BOLINGBROKE. [T
, madam." "No, no, I did not mean my husband. Sir Henry? Is he safe?" "Yes." "And the hound?" "It is dead." She gave a long sigh of satisfaction. "
mies shall fall before us, inspired with the spirit of putting down kings and princes- command silence. D
llers, and many of the brethren remained there. The little band who had been told off for duty passe
r lay hand upon it," he cried, exultantly. "It is my treasure; and if I can't have the loot I'll take darned good care that no one else does.
s a remand will be applied for by the police, and that great developments are hoped from his capture." "R
CHIO. Happily met; the happier for thy son. And now by law, as well as reverend age, I may entitle thee my loving father: The sister to my wife, this gentlewoma
might have proved to be a serious one." His expression grew very grave as he spoke, and a look of something akin to fear sprang up in his eyes. "D
s," said he, "and the strange thing is, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, that if my friend here had not proposed coming round to you this m
'll have a suit of sables. O heavens! die two months ago, and not forgotten yet? Then there's hope a gre
mes here?" My friend bowed and smiled. "Mr. Sandeford, of Reading, I suppose?" said he. "Yes, sir, I fear that I am a little la
ves, Where manners ne'er were preach'd! Out of my sight! Be not offended, dear Cesario- Rudesby, be gone! Exeunt SI
d glances as if they thought this proposition rather a bold one; but Holmes at once took the prisoner 
ongue that ever sweet, Was used in giving gentle doom: And taught it thus anew to greet: 'I hate' she altered with an end, That followed it as 
 out. This is not such a populous neighbourhood." Lestrade shrugged his shoulders. "I am a practical man," he said, "and I really cannot undertake to go about the country looking for a left-handed ge
n breaking faith with Julia whom I lov'd; And notwithstanding all her sudden quips, The least whereof would quell a lov
erminating in white socks and neat shoes with shining buckles, offered a strange contrast to the long shrivelled members of her
possession of that which another person has a prior claim to--the whole situation became absolutely clear. She had gone off with a man, and the ma
if seconds Had answer'd him. SECOND CAPTAIN. Lay hands on him; a dog! A leg of Rome shall not return to tell What crows have peck'd them here. He brags his service,
hin.] Knock, knock! Never at quiet! What are you? But this place is too cold for hell. I'll devil-porter it no further. I had thought to have let in some of all professio
ack before I reached Farnham, but the man was gone, so I thought no more about it. But you can imagine how surprised I was, Mr. Holmes, whe
e debris. "A dog!" said Holmes. "By Jove, a curly-haired spaniel. Poor Mortimer will never see his pet again. Well, I do not kno
I will use no art. Mad let us grant him then. And now remains That we find out the cause of this effect
f ye love me, as I think you do, Let's kiss and part, for we have much to do. Exeunt all but Lucius LUCIUS. Farewell, Andronicus, my noble fathe
indigate by name, instituted a goose club, by which, on consideration of some few pence every week, we were each to receive a bir
o London by the night train." I was thunderstruck by my friend's words. We had only been a few hours in Devonshire, a
orld for him. I pray thee, let us go and find him out, And quicken his embraced heaviness With some delig
weakness in one limb is often compensated for by exceptional strength in the others." "Pray continue your narrative." "Mrs. St. Clai
t braz'd it so That it is proof and bulwark against sense. Queen. What have I done that thou dar'st wag thy t
stern of my lust, and my desire All continent impediments would o'erbear That did oppose my will. Better Macbeth Than such an one to reig
 Drop in my neck; as it determines, so Dissolve my life! The next Caesarion smite! Till by degrees the memory of my womb, T
ank with the rest; And thereupon give me your daughter. FRENCH KING. Take her, fair son, and from her
e top of them. In this way my second link was formed, which told me that the nocturnal visitors were two in number, one re
th? Nay, then the world goes hard When Clifford cannot spare his friends an oath. I know by that he's dead; and by my soul, If thi
despair, therefore, and die! [To RICHMOND] Be cheerful, Richmond; for the wronged souls Of butcher'd princes fight in thy behalf. King Henry's issue, R
f I were to carry out your orders to the letter. The other day--Thursday, to be more exact--Dr. Mortimer lunched w
 hope to win by it? Love thyself last; cherish those hearts that hate thee; Corruption wins not more than ho
ort with you. 'Tis his Highness' pleasure And our consent, for better trial of you, From hence you be committed to the Tower; Where, being but a private man again,
ustom in your tongue; you bear a graver purpose, I hope. IACHIMO. I am the master of my speeches, and would undergo what's spoken, I swear. POSTHUMUS. Will you? I Shal
im WIDOW. I hope so. Look, here comes a pilgrim. I know she will lie at my house: thither they send one another. I'll question
angerous. That is my true humour. PISTOL. Thou art the Mars of malcontents; I second thee; troop on. Exeunt SCENE 4. DOCTOR CAIUS'S 
ll, and Mr. Patrick Cairns occupies too large a proportion of our carpet." "Mr. Holmes," said Hopkins, "I d
Cor. Alack, 'tis he! Why, he was met even now As mad as the vex'd sea, singing aloud, Crown'd with rank fumiter and furrow weeds, With hardocks, hemlock, nettles, cuckoo flow'rs, Darnel, 
rt turn'd the greatest liar. ANTONY. How now, lady! CLEOPATRA. I would I had thy inches. Thou shouldst know There were a heart in Egy
gain, where didst thou leave these varlets? ARIEL. I told you, sir, they were red-hot with drinking; So full of v
. Why, what a peevish fool was that of Crete That taught his son the office of a fowl! And yet, for al
ere sitting upon the grass, wiping our clammy foreheads, and looking with apprehension at each other 
y companion. "I am at a loss to know, sir," he said, "what you can have to speak about which affects me personally in a very intimate fashion." "The killing of Mortim
. Therefore I do advise you take this note. My lord is dead; Edmund and I have talk'd, And more convenient 
It occurred only last night. "In Kennington Road, and within a few hundred yards of Morse Hudson's shop, there lives a well-
, and get to Naples with him, he's a present for any emperor that ever trod on neat's leather. CALIBAN. Do not torment me, prithee; I'll bring my wood hom
ree, neither in estate, years, nor wit; I have heard her swear't. Tut, there's life in't, man. AGUECHEEK. I'll stay a month longer. 
matter, think you? CASSIO. Something from Cyprus, as I may divine; It is a business of some heat. The galleys Have sent a dozen sequent mess
ant is but to put those pow'rs in motion That long to move. CYMBELINE. I thank you. Let's withdraw, And meet the time as it seeks us. We fear no
AKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF
 COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY P
e. He was a middle-sized, strongly-built man--square jaw, thick neck, moustache, a mask over his eyes." "T
, for thy death; 'Tis now dead midnight, and by eight to-morrow Thou must be made immortal. Where's Barn
 my knees every morning and evening. Lord, I could not endure a husband with a beard on his face. I h
. I think he will eat all he kills. ORLEANS. By the white hand of my lady, he's a gallant prince. CONSTABLE. Swear by her 
e he shot in his own warren." "How on earth did you do that?" "Look it up in the books, sir. It will repay reading--Frankland v. 
 approved in this offense, Though he had twinn'd with me, both at a birth, Shall lose me. What! in a town of war, Yet wild, the people's hearts brimful of fear, To manage private 
 The flux of company.' Anon, a careless herd, Full of the pasture, jumps along by him And never stays to greet him. 'Ay,' quoth Jaques 'Sweep on, you fat and greasy ci
onstraint of hospitable zeal In the relief of this oppressed child Religiously provokes. Be pleased then To pay that 
cement of the city wives; His tyranny for trifles; his own bastardy, As being got, your father then in F
er] Alas, the storm is come again! My best way is to creep under his gaberdine; there is no other shelter hereabout. Misery acquaints 
nation in the world that good Christians ought to have. ESCALUS. This comes off well; here's a wise officer. ANGELO. Go to; what quality are they of? Elbow is your name?
two, with the Lady Eva's letters in my pocket." Holmes and I put on our dress-clothes, so that we might appear to be two theatre-goers homeward bound. In 
ed. Hark! there's one up. PANDARUS. [Within] What's all the doors open here? TROILUS. It is your unc
placed it there,'" said Holmes. "You will remember, Inspector MacDonald, that I was somewhat struck by the absence of a 
he lights they were wont to have when you chid at Sir Proteus for going ungarter'd! VALENTINE. What should I see then? SPEED. Your own present fo
intention to give any one the treaty to be copied?" "Never." "You are certain of that?" "Absolutely." "Well, since you never said 
Marg. Get you some of this distill'd carduus benedictus and lay it to your heart. It is the only thing for a qualm. Hero. There thou prick'st her with a 
'God quit you!' be familiar with My playfellow, your hand, this kingly seal And plighter of high hearts! O that I were Upon the hill of Basan to ou
 stay for you. SLENDER. I'll eat nothing, I thank you, sir. PAGE. By cock and pie, you shall not choose,
orning to your mistress, Attend the Queen and us; we shall have need T' employ you towards this Roman. Come, our 
t of time, The sciences that should become our country; But grow, like savages- as soldiers will, That nothing do but meditate on blood- To swear
GENTLEMAN. That I can tell you too. The Archbishop Of Canterbury, accompanied with other Learned and reverend fathers of his ord
e King shall love thee. ANTONIO. Draw together; And when I rear my hand, do you the like, To fall it on Gonzalo. SEBASTIAN. O, but one word. [They talk apart] Re-enter ARIEL, invisib
rked, "the thing always appears to me to be so ridiculously simple that I could easily do it myself, though at each successive
tely correct in every particular." "Ah, that is good luck. I could only say what was the balance of probability. I did not at all expect to be so accurate." "But it 
e. Hence his ambition growing- Dost thou hear? MIRANDA. Your tale, sir, would cure deafness. PROSPERO. To have no screen between this part h
, But by his mother was perforce withheld. BUCKINGHAM. Fie, what an indirect and peevish course Is this of hers
of reasoning backwards, or analytically." "I understand," said I. "Now this was a case in which you were given the result and had to find everything else for yourself. Now let me endeavour to show 
s, shrugging his shoulders, "You are frightening yourself about nothing. How could you possibly tell that it was the wooden-legged man who ca
compromising manner to something entirely different. It must be confessed, however, that the case looks 
ttle wanton boys that swim on bladders, This many summers in a sea of glory; But far beyond my depth. My high-blown pride At length broke und
indly; but thou liest in thy throat; that is not the matter I challenge thee for.' FABIAN. Very brief, and to exceeding good sense- l
He bravely broach'd his boiling bloody breast; And Thisby, tarrying in mulberry shade, His dagger drew, and died. For all the rest, Let Lion, Moonshin
ut,] enter Edgar [disguised]. Edg. If e'er your Grace had speech with man so poor, Hear me one word. Alb.
 lie do he In earth as quiet as thy father's skull. In proof whereof, there is my honour's pawn; Engage it to the trial, if thou dar'st. 
ear?" "Not at all. The work is its own reward. Perhaps I shall get the credit also at some distant day when I permit my zealous historian to lay out his foolscap 
rple tears be always shed From those that wish the downfall of our house! If any spark of life be yet re
r shall go forth, for these predictions Are to the world in general as to Caesar. CALPURNIA. When beggars die, there are no comets seen; The hea
US. But it is doubtful yet Whether Caesar will come forth today or no, For he is superstitious grown of late, Quite from the main opinion he held once Of fantasy, of dreams, and cer
own a very land fish, languageless, a monster. A plague of opinion! A man may wear it on both sides, like leather jerkin. ACHIL
eneral air of comfortable somnolence. Well, au revoir, Von Bork!" With a final wave of his hand he sprang into the car, and a moment lat
impression of her fantasy With bracelets of thy hair, rings, gawds, conceits, Knacks, trifles, nosegays, sweetmeats- mes
 this case of wooing A child shall get a sire, if I fail not of my cunning. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHA
ut, puffy, red man, whose face was only redeemed from grossness by two extraordinarily bright eyes, almost hidden behind the heavy
, my lord, they have deserved death. GLOUCESTER. Then be your eyes the witness of their evil. Look how I am bewitch'd; behold, mine arm Is like
's all new to me. Guess I'm too old to learn. If he comes browsing about this farm, he might chance to run up against a charge of b
that holds up Lancaster, Dares stir a wing if Warwick shake his bells. I'll plant Plantagenet, root him up who dares. Resolve thee, Richa
INGS. Away with scrupulous wit! Now arms must rule. GLOUCESTER. And fearless minds climb soonest unto 
oodness on you! ESCALUS. Of whence are you? DUKE. Not of this country, though my chance is now To use it for my time. I am a broth
R. God and your Majesty Protect mine innocence, or I fall into The trap is laid for me! KING. Be of good cheer; They shall no more prevail than we give way to. Keep comfort to you, 
lted wives, the tenth of mankind Would hang themselves. Physic for't there's none; It is a bawdy planet, that will strike Where 'tis predominan
ANTS Madam, undress you, and come now to bed. PAGE. Thrice noble lord, let me entreat of you To pardon me yet for a night or two; Or, if not so, until the 
 matter?" The great Minister showed perceptible hesitation. "I do not think so," he said, at last. "The other most obvious explanati
ght lead me back invariably to the one basic question--why should an athletic man develop his frame upon so unnatural an instrument as a single dumb-bell?" It was late t
 chair. "What is it?" "It's quite too funny. I am sure you could never guess how I employed my morning, or what I end
not tell what indirect or political influence might be brought to bear upon a business man. Besides, remember that s
 down, taking in every detail of the apartment. "Where does that bell communicate with?" he asked at last pointing to a thick b
earest chair. "Good-evening, Mr. James Windibank," said Holmes. "I think that this typewritten letter is from you, in which you made an appointment with me for six o'clock?" "Yes, sir. I a
re raven black, Her eyes so suited, and they mourners seem, At such who not born fair no beauty lack
irs, with lameness! Corn. Fie, sir, fie! Lear. You nimble lightnings, dart your blinding flames Into her sc
 A cold wind swept down from it and set us shivering. Somewhere there, on that desolate plain, was lurking this fiendi
hy bones good night! Yearly will I do this rite. Pedro. Good morrow, masters. Put your torches out. The wolves have prey'd, and look, the gentle day
g married the Lady Grey? And now, to soothe your forgery and his, Sends me a paper to persuade me patience? Is this th' alliance that he seeks with Fr
ve To breathe this news; yet what I say is true. King Richard, he is in the mighty hold Of Bolingbroke. Th
NIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BEN
NIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WIT
er perforce To County Paris. Then comes she to me And with wild looks bid me devise some mean To rid her from this second marriage, O
it would be as easy for them to send two odd ears as a pair." "Precisely. But this is not a practical
ch strength denied As is delivered to your Majesty. Either envy, therefore, or misprision Is guilty of this fault, and not my son. Hot. My liege, I did deny no prisoners. But I remembe
oid it; but he has promis'd me, as he is a gentleman and a soldier, he will not hurt you. Come on; to't. AGUECHEEK. Pray Go
son, who is helping us in this affair." The stranger held out a huge, sunburned hand, with a few words of apology. "I hope I didn't harm you. When you acc
man is. Let her consider his frailty, and then judge of my merit. QUICKLY. I will tell her. FALSTAFF.
 threatened her, God forgive me, but I would not have touched a hair of her pretty head. Take it bac
inary party of immigrants, but rather some nomad people who had been compelled from stress of circumstances to seek themselves a new country. There rose 
his one day of strange experiences. Yet there were two thoughts which sealed the words of affection upon my lips. She was weak and
 certain of the noblest-minded Romans To undergo with me an enterprise Of honorable-dangerous consequence; And I do know by this, they stay 
t forgotten the shooting of Jonas Pinto up there." "I never shot him." "Did you not? That's good impartial evidence, ain't it? Well, his death came in unc
" "You left them, then, without any premonition of evil?" "None at all." "I am not clear how you came to hear the news so early this morning
r, and from then onward he repeated the same story with an absolute disregard of what she might say to discourage him. "Someone else?" he would c
t makes it; then, if sickly ears, Deaf'd with the clamours of their own dear groans, Will hear your idle scorns, co
er meet but there's a skirmish of wit between them. Beat. Alas, he gets nothing by that! In our last
impressions there had come the definite and distinct warning of Miss Stapleton, delivered with such intense earnestness
reasons for these eighteen years Complotted and contrived in this land Fetch from false Mowbray their 
 and return to London, leaving my results entirely at your service. I owe you too much to act otherwise; for in all my experience I cannot recall any
between us, to hurl it into the fire and to never give one thought to it again. "'If then your eye goes onto read this line, I know t
, how think you by that? Were it not good your Grace could fly to heaven? KING HENRY. The treasury of everla
. What mean you, madam? By my life, my troth, I never swore this lady such an oath. ROSALINE. By heaven, you did; and, to
s fastened?' "'Quite sure, dad.' "'Then, good-night.' I kissed her and went up to my bedroom again, whe
clad in some sort of light mousseline de soie, with a touch of fluffy pink chiffon at her neck and wri
verence love, wherein thou stick'st Up to the ears. Come, we burn daylight, ho! Rom. Nay, that's not so. Mer. I mean
. It accepted after some hesitation a lump of sugar which the old naturalist handed to me, and, having thus sealed an alliance, it follo
orc'd obedience of planetary influence; and all that we are evil in, by a divine thrusting on. An admirable evasion
." "Well, that gives us a limit. Our lady enters this room and what does she do? She goes over to the writing-tab
ONSTABLE. This becomes the great. Sorry am I his numbers are so few, His soldiers sick and famish'd in their march; For I am sure, when he shall see our army, He
 spare me till I may Be by my friends in Spain advis'd, whose counsel I will implore. If not, i' th' name of God, Your pleasure be fulfill'd! WOLSEY. You have here, lady, And of your
"We must make our start at once," said Jefferson Hope, speaking in a low but resolute voice, like one who reali
 such full licence as both truth and malice Have power to utter. O, then we bring forth weeds When our quick minds l
ght. Come in here, MacPherson. Let these gentlemen hear of your most inexcusable conduct." The big constable, very hot and penitent, sidl
d enemy to our general name! Confusion fall- CHIRON. Nay, then I'll stop your mouth. Bring thou her husband. This is the hole where Aaron bid us hi
d That wrens make prey where eagles dare not perch. Since every Jack became a gentleman, There's many 
 chamber; It is a sword of Spain, the ice-brook's temper- O, here it is. Uncle, I must come forth. GRATIANO. [Within.] If th
nor mean better. By th' pattern of mine own thoughts I cut out The purity of his. SHEPHERD. Take hands, a bargain!
hes Most bitterly on you as putter-on Of these exactions, yet the King our master- Whose honour Heaven shield from soil!-even he escapes not Language unmannerly; yea, such which breaks The
id you never ask him what he was going in for?" I asked. "No; he is not a man that it is easy to draw out, though
 passed that he has not called at the Hall to see how we were getting on. He insisted upon my climbing into his dog-cart, and he gave me a lif
iceroy under him, And still enjoy thy regal dignity. ALENCON. Must he be then as shadow of himself? Adorn 
ther's place of business?" "He travels for Westhouse & Marbank, the great claret importers of Fenchurch Street." "Thank you. You have made your statement very clearly.
 date is out of such prolixity. We'll have no Cupid hoodwink'd with a scarf, Bearing a Tartar's painted bow of lath, S
hap, He hath spoken true. The very dice obey him; And in our sports my better cunning faints Under his chance. If we draw lots, he speeds; His cocks
 the answer, think you? NESTOR. Why, 'tis most meet. Who may you else oppose That can from Hector bring those honours off, If not Achilles? Though 't be a sportful combat, Yet in this trial much 
ad, I think, to see me. With hardly a word spoken, but with a kindly eye, he waved me to an armchair, threw across his case of cigars, and i
r awhile, if we are to get the information which we want." She was an interesting person, this stern Aust
ot to-morrow." "Thank you, you have gone rather too far to stop." "It is quite certain that when Mrs.
charitable hand Took up a beggar's issue at my gates, Who smirched thus and mir'd with infamy, I might have said, 'No part of it is mine; This sh
t us smooth and welcome news. The Earl of Douglas is discomfited; Ten thousand bold Scots, two-and-twenty knights, Balk'd in their own blood did Sir Walter see On Holmedon's pla
m sorry To hear this of him, and could wish he were Something mistaken in't. BUCKINGHAM. No, not a syllable: I do pronounce him in that very shape He shall appear in proof. Enter B
r I was amazed to see a key in it. For an instant I imagined that I had left my own there, but on feeling 
ise shuffle her away While other sports are tasking of their minds, And at the dean'ry, where a priest attend
saying so, there's gold. Mine own escape unfoldeth to my hope, Whereto thy speech serves for authority, The like of him. Know'st thou this
 intimate Skill infinite or monstrous desperate. Sweet practiser, thy physic I will try, That ministers thine own dea
ng Alec. Having found nothing they tried to divert suspicion by making it appear to be an ordinary burgla
aid he, walking up to me, 'which will, I hope, be a sufficient fee. But remember,' he added, tapping me lightly on the chest and giggling, 'if you speak to a human sou
M SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE 
els died away as we drove through drifts of rotting vegetation--sad gifts, as it seemed to me, for Nature 
h us'd rather for sport than need- Is warlike John; and in his forehead sits A bare-ribb'd death, whose office is this day T
ne. Presently he came to himself once more, very weary and pale-looking. "I have been making a fool of myself," he gasped. "Not at all. Drink this." I d
of his chair, he ran into the house. He was back in a moment, and I smelt a strong reek of brandy as he passed me. "'Well, my man,' said he. 'What can I do for you?' "The sailor stood lo
part The flux of company.' Anon, a careless herd, Full of the pasture, jumps along by him And never stays to greet him. 'Ay,' quoth Jaques 'Sweep on, you fat and greasy citizens;
accustomed to receive weird telegrams at Baker Street, but I have a particular recollection of one which reached us on a gloomy February morning some seven or eight years a
 it would not seem too dear, Howe'er repented after. WIDOW. Now I see The bottom of your purpose. HELENA. You s
known already that I am possess'd With more than half the Gallian territories, And therein reverenc'd for their lawful king. Sha
r day--two at the most--and I have my case complete, but until then guard your charge as closely as ever a fond mother watched her ailing child. Your mission to-day has justified itself, and ye
rite of, Unto the kingdom of perpetual night. The first that there did greet my stranger soul Was my great father-in-law, renowned Warwick, Who spake aloud 'What scourge for per
 SIMPLE. Pray you, sir, was't not the wise woman of Brainford? FALSTAFF. Ay, marry was it, mussel-shell. What would you with her? S
 Holmes' test, and there will no longer be any difficulty." His eyes fairly glittered as he spoke, an
ise rebellion, thou goest foremost. Thou rascal, that art worst in blood to run, Lead'st first to win some vantage. But make you ready your stiff bats and clubs. Rome
? For God's sake hold your hands! Nay, an you will not, sir, I'll take my heels. <Exit ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Upon my life, by some device or other The villain is o'erraught of all my money
he Duke, To be reveng'd on him. SUFFOLK. Which of the peers Have uncontemn'd gone by him, or at least Strangely neglected? When did he regard The stamp of nobleness in any
request, to show us exactly how everything occurred upon that fatal night. It is a long, dismal walk
n this declining land. The King is not himself, but basely led By flatterers; and what they will inform, Mere
ath but a losing office, and his tongue Sounds ever after as a sullen bell, Rememb'red tolling a departing friend. LORD BARDOLPH. I cannot think, my lord, your son 
ea that anything which the maid or her mistress may have said must necessarily be true. The lady's charming 
went in, leaving word that I should wait for him. There he remained until closing time, and when he came out he was so far g
or thou must now know farther. MIRANDA. You have often Begun to tell me what I am; but stopp'd, And left me to a bootless inquisition,
think scorn to go in leather aprons. GEORGE. Nay, more, the King's Council are no good workmen. JOHN. T
 daughters' dowers digest this third; Let pride, which she calls plainness, marry her. I do invest you jointly in my power, Preeminence, and all the large effects Tha
ook'd for better at his hands After he once fell in with Mistress Shore. BUCKINGHAM. Yet had we not determin'd he should die Until yo
me Than is his father's, must embrace the fate Of that dark hour. Resolve yourselves apart; I'll come to you anon. BO
d turn'd to me in words, But find supply immediate. Get you gone; Put on a most importunate aspect, A visage of demand; for I do fear, When every feather sticks in his own wing, 
; but yond man is ever angry. Go, let him have a table by himself; for he does neither affect company nor is he fit for't in
rs like my own it rather encourages him to seek a complex explanation when a simpler one is at hand. Of course, it must be 
er shaped box, my good Holmes, I assure you. It matters nothing to me that you should know how my nephew died. 
a large number of friends. Among these are the family of a retired brewer called Melville, living at Abermarle Mansion, Kensington. It was at his table that I met some weeks ago 
 The mere want of gold and the falling-from of his friends drove him into this melancholy. SECOND BANDIT. It is nois'd he hath a ma
ng a new lease of life. Did you ever hear of Dawson and Neligan?" I could see from Hopkins's face that he
he possibility of something of the sort, and I had two police fellows there in private clothes, who soon pushed her out again. She was quiet when she saw that 
, fond as much on him; And she, mistaken, seems to dote on me. What will become of this? As I am man, My state is desperate for my master's lov
me like a bear or lion, A tower'd citadel, a pendent rock, A forked mountain, or blue promontory With trees upon't that nod unto the world And 
. As we did so there came from the inside a stupefying and overpowering smell of chloroform. A body lay within, its head all wreathed in cotton-wool, which had 
please you, on this man condemn'd, As if my brother liv'd. I partly think A due sincerity govern'd his deeds Till he did look 
LOVELL. I must to him too, Before he go to bed. I'll take my leave. GARDINER. Not yet, Sir Thomas Lovell. What's the matter? It seems you are in haste. An if there be No great offence belong
 artist. Thank you, Watson, you must help me on with my coat. When we have finished at the police-station I think that something nutritious
Because I love you, I will let you know. Calpurnia here, my wife, stays me at home; She dreamt tonight she saw my statue, Which, like a fountain with an hundred spou
IUS. I beseech your honour, vouchsafe me a word; it does concern you near. TIMON. Near! Why then, anoth
ing of the hut. "It is a lovely evening, my dear Watson," said a well-known voice. "I really think that you will 
y peace. Nurse. Yes, madam. Yet I cannot choose but laugh To think it should leave crying and say 'Ay.' And yet, 
ree people did." "Did any see it after?" "I have not heard of any." "Thank you. Good morning." Holmes returned to his seat with that quiet look of 
ch he unravelled the problems which were submitted to him. I rapidly threw on my clothes and was ready in a few minutes to accom
veland?' I asked. "The mother nodded. She didn't seem able to get out a word. The daughter burst into tears. I felt more than ever that these people knew 
ave a new father. LADY MACDUFF. Poor prattler, how thou talk'st! Enter a Messenger. MESSENGER. Bless you, fair dame! I am not to you known, Though in your state of hono
d departed. There still remained an arrest to be effected, but what were these commonplace rogues that he should soil his hands with them? An abstruse and 
table elderly gentleman. The polite agent was afraid he could say no more, as the affairs of his clients were not m
sly? WOLSEY. Till I find more than will or words to do it- I mean your malice-know, officious lords, I dare and must deny it. Now I feel Of what coarse metal ye are moulded-envy; How eagerly ye f
nd, like a doting mallard, Leaving the fight in height, flies after her. I never saw an action of such shame; Experience, manhood
it, for certainly the incident is a very singular one, though he appears to completely overrate its importance. If you would only come back wi
speak troth. Lord Cloten, Upon my lady's missing, came to me With his sword drawn, foam'd at the mouth, and swo
are precepts worth Of stale example? When thou wilt inflame, How coldly those impediments stand forth, Of wealth, o
ou figured it out about right," said Douglas approvingly. "I thought I'd dodge your British law; for I was not sure how I stood under it, and also 
 frail case. Apace, Eros, apace.- No more a soldier. Bruised pieces, go; You have been nobly borne.- From me awhile. Exit 
ny his signature if an action for breach of promise were instituted." "No, that was not the point. However, I shall write two letters, w
ive was correct, and if the assailant, after shooting William Kirwan, had instantly fled, then it obviously could not be he wh
ertain that either wise bearing or ignorant carriage is caught, as men take diseases, one of another; therefore let me
ermixed'? Because he needs no praise, wilt thou be dumb? Excuse not silence so, for't lies in thee, To make h
OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED B
is more likely, for you know that my heart is weak, by lying with my tongue sealed forever in death. In ei
 Jesters do oft prove prophets. Gon. Holla, holla! That eye that told you so look'd but asquint. Reg. Lady, I am not well; else I should answer From a full-flowing stomach. General, Take thou my s
re not yet; But there is come a messenger before, To signify their coming. PORTIA.. Go in, Nerissa; Give order to my se
gument? Now, if these men do not die well, it will be a black matter for the King that led them to it; who to disobey were against all proportion of subjection
hould be, again to inflame it and to give satiety a fresh appetite, loveliness in favor, sympathy in ye
s not more ugly to the thing that helps it Than is my deed to my most painted word. O heavy burthen! Pol. I hear him coming. Let's wi
VANS. And leave you your jealousies too, I pray you. FORD. I will never mistrust my wife again, till thou art able to woo her in good English. FALSTAFF. Ha
ick humours, Do you uphold and maintain in your speeches, For now he firmly takes me for Revenge; And
 a new wound in your thigh, come you along with me. He takes up Hotspur on his hack. [Enter Prince, and John o
. Let me endure your wrath, if't be not so. Within this three mile may you see it coming; I say, a moving grove. MACBETH. If thou speak'st false, Upon 
no more. COMINIUS. Look, sir, your mother! CORIOLANUS. O, You have, I know, petition'd all the gods For my prospe
heart leapt to his mouth, for this was none other than the great Brigham Young himself. Full of trepidation--for he knew that such a visit boded him little good--Ferrier ran t
rs'd already. Like youthful steers unyok'd, they take their courses East, west, north, south; or like a school broke up, Each hurries toward his home and sporting-place. WEST
ake him burst his lead and rise from death. GLOUCESTER. Is Paris lost? Is Rouen yielded up? If Henry were recall'd to lif
f them." "And your father?" asked Holmes. "Was he in favour of such a union?" "No, he was averse to it also. No one but Mr.
he matter upon our journey. You would oblige me by bringing with you your very excellent field-glass." And so it happened that an hour or so la
ch that suit hither. Let it be thy first service; go. PISANIO. I shall, my lord. Exit CLOTEN. Meet thee at Milford Haven! I forgot to ask him one thing; I'll remember't anon. Even there, 
LIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECT
will as't please Yourself pronounce their office. I must tell you You tender more your person's honour than Yo
or yourself." As he spoke he turned over another portion of the carpet, and there, sure enough, was a great crimson spill upon t
so. But, Launce, how say'st thou that my master is become a notable lover? LAUNCE. I never knew him otherwise. SPEED. Than how? 
I dare say E. C. is not much in your line, but I can tell you that this is about the richest house in London. The advertisement was to be answered by letter only. I sent
 thou hast shown it flinty by thy deeds, I come to pierce it or to give thee mine. EDWARD. Then strike up drums. G
 life. MARIA. By my troth, Sir Toby, you must come in earlier o' nights; your cousin, my lady, takes great exceptions to y
AEGEON. Not know my voice! O time's extremity, Hast thou so crack'd and splitted my poor tongue In seven short years that here my only son Kn
ERDINAND. Though the seas threaten, they are merciful; I have curs'd them without cause. [Kneels] ALONSO. Now 
dded Hecuba gave the Greeks, And mine to boot, be darted on thee! Thou, Conspir'd with that irregulous devil, Cloten, Hath here cut off my 
ere, drench'd in the sea, hold, notwithstanding, their freshness and glosses, being rather new-dy'd, than stain'd with salt water. ANTONIO. If but on
h fond sicles of the tested gold, Or stones, whose rate are either rich or poor As fancy values them; but with true prayers That shall be up at heaven and enter there Ere s
rvices. Besides, there is no king, be his cause never so spotless, if it come to the arbitrement of swords, can try it out 
nge effect Would they work in mild aspect! Whiles you chid me, I did love; How then might your prayers move! He that 
sold our venture to a company, and so retired with enough to keep us. I won't deny that there was some feeling abo
popular with all who know him. I may add that his whole debts at the present moment, as far as we have been able to ascertain, amount to 
monstrably false. The ear had escaped notice, but the description was surely that of Shlessinger. Three times h
hat's the matter? Have we devils here? Do you put tricks upon 's with savages and men of Ind? Ha! I have not scap'd drowning to be afeard now of your four legs; for i
n which he played a prominent part. Many startling successes and a few unavoidable failures were the outcome of this long period of continuous work. As I have preserved very full 
freely, and could therefore, hardly be in the best of training." "But his wife--you said that she had ceased to love him." "This hat has not been brushed fo
 head on one side some another- I never saw a vessel of like sorrow, So fill'd and so becoming; in pure white robes, Like
they show Something too liberal. Pray thee, take pain To allay with some cold drops of modesty Thy skipping spirit; lest through thy 
isguis'd they will be here. Their herald is a pretty knavish page, That well by heart hath conn'd his embassage. Action and
, Watson, we cannot do better. Do not allow yourself to indulge in false hopes, Mr. Phelps. The affair i
 who wrote it was presumably well to do," I remarked, endeavouring to imitate my companion's processes. "Such pa
uch around to interest us, for we were passing through as singular a country-side as any in England, where a few scattered cottages represented 
LLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS
th fair ornament? There is no vice so simple but assumes Some mark of virtue on his outward parts. How many cowards, whose hearts are all as false As stairs of sand, wear yet upon their chins The 
place. Here am I, a stranger in the town. I belong to a society that I know only as an innocent one. You'll find it through t
of? ORLANDO. Just as high as my heart. JAQUES. You are full of pretty answers. Have you not been acquainted with goldsmith
lems. But Jupiter is descending to-day. What on earth can it mean? Who is Cadogan West, and what is he to Mycroft?" "I have it,
 have I not found it Murd'rous to th' senses? That confirms it home. This is Pisanio's deed, and Cloten. O! Give colour to my pale cheek with thy blood
ss, I still shook my head and declared my intention of remaining where I was. She was about to renew her entreaties whe
shes in them, and so still think of The wrong I did myself; which was so much That heirless it hath mad
daman Islands, so they were thrown a great deal together. By the way, a curious paper was found in papa's desk which no one could understand. I don't suppose that it is of th
I thought it best to change the topic. "I wonder what that fellow is looking for?" I asked, pointing to a stalw
o keep an adjunct to remember thee Were to import forgetfulness in me. 123 No! Time, thou shalt not boast 
u derogately when to sound your name It not concern'd me. ANTONY. My being in Egypt, Caesar, What was't to you? CAESAR. No mo
ow hits, And soon to you, as you to me then tendered The humble salve, which wounded bosoms fits! But that your t
She that would be your wife now ran from you. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Come to the Centaur; fetch our stu
o Frederick PHEBE, a shepherdes AUDREY, a country wench Lords, Pages, Foresters, and Attendants <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE 
guiltless messenger. ROSALIND. Patience herself would startle at this letter, And play the swaggerer. Bear
brace of lords, were I so minded, I here could pluck his Highness' frown upon you, And justify you traitors; at this
sic I will try, That ministers thine own death if I die. HELENA. If I break time, or flinch in property Of what I spoke, unpitied let me die;
of resolution in me, but only my followers' base and ignominious treasons, makes me betake me to my heels. Exit BUCKINGHAM. What, is he fled? Go some, and
cause musicians sound for silver. Pet. Pretty too! What say you, James Soundpost? 3. Mus. Faith, I know no
 and walking him out of the timber-yard. "If you consider how much creasote is carted about London in one day, it is no great wonder that o
et's consult together against this greasy knight. Come hither. [They retire] Enter FORD with PISTOL, and 
rive at your own." He impressed me, this country specialist. He had a solid grip of fact and a cool, clear, common-sense brain, which should take him some way in his profession. Holmes listen
 the winter's cold as well as he. For once, upon a raw and gusty day, The troubled Tiber chafing with her shores, Caesar said to me, "
y master; greater, for His fortunes all lie speechless, and his name Is at last gasp. Return he cann
and an end to hear her curses. RIVERS. And so doth mine. I muse why she's at liberty. GLOUCESTER. I cannot blame her; by God's holy Mother,
 Extorted treasure in the womb of earth (For which, they say, you spirits oft walk in death), The cock
nd paper. What, is my beaver easier than it was? And all my armour laid into my tent? CATESBY. It is, my liege; an
ot be shifted with my sheet. No, it will hang upon my richest robes And show itself, attire me how I can. Go, lead the way; I l
ntained a quantity of blood. Then from the table he took a platter heaped with small pieces of charred 
ers have made sure of great sums of money by laying against their own horses, through agents, and then preventing them from winning by fraud. Sometimes it
hat I am desperate of obtaining her. DUKE. This weak impress of love is as a figure Trenched in ice, which with an hour's heat Dissolves to water and doth lose his form. A little time will melt her f
cts in their order of time, while I take a glance as to who our client is." He picked a red-covered volume from a line of books of referen
h remarked that in the history of crime there had seldom been a tragedy which presented stranger fea
nother day--two at the most--and I have my case complete, but until then guard your charge as closely as 
services. Besides, there is no king, be his cause never so spotless, if it come to the arbitrement of swords, can try it out with all unspotted soldiers: some peradv
hall be very happy to accommodate myself to your wishes. I should like, however, to understand a little more clearly what it is that yo
are no other elms?' "'No old ones, but plenty of beeches.' "'I should like to see where it grew.' "We had driven up in a dogcart, and my client led me away at once, without our ent
aitor! WOLSEY. Now, madam, may his Highness live in freedom, And this man out of prison? QUEEN KATHARINE. God mend all! 
DUKE. I never heard the absent Duke much detected for women; he was not inclin'd that way. LUCIO. O, sir, you
lassy essence, like an angry ape, Plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven As makes the angels weep; who, with our speens, Would all themselves laugh mortal. LUCIO. [To ISABELLA] O, to him, to
PRINCE HENRY. How fares your Majesty? KING JOHN. Poison'd-ill-fare! Dead, forsook, cast off; And none of you will bid the winter come
s. "I don't know what there was about that face, Mr. Holmes, but it seemed to send a chill right down 
d subtler means. What was it here? I hoped that the contents of his pockets might help me to form a conclusion. "An
imer drew it from his breast-pocket. "This family paper was committed to my care by Sir Charles Baskerville
ies live largely in the hope Of great Northumberland, whose bosom burns With an incensed fire of injuries. LORD BARDOLPH. The question th
WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILL
 tail of it. So far as I can see it is just as tangled a business as ever I handled, and yet at first it seemed so simple that one couldn't go wrong. There's no motive, M
 I'll send them all as willing as I live: Lands, goods, horse, armour, anything I have, Is his to use, so Somerset may die. BUCKINGHAM.
he Boss a very rich as well as powerful man. The more terrible, therefore, seemed that glimpse of the prison or the
he strange business in which we had been involved appeared to be forgotten, and he was entirely absorbed in the p
 don't feel easy in my mind about it." "But, my dear Mrs. Smith," said Holmes, shrugging his shoulders, "You are frightening yourself abo
Lie graveless, till the flies and gnats of Nile Have buried them for prey. ANTONY. I am satisfied. Cae
Prays, and destroys the prayer; no mid-way 'Twixt these extremes at all. ANTONY. Gentle Octavia, Let yo
of time, We'ld jump the life to come. But in these cases We still have judgement here, that we but teach Bloody instruction
ood half hour after the event." "And how do you propose to prove all this?" "Well, if there were an outsider, he may be traced and taken. T
and would come into them in any case." My friend seemed struck by this remark. "I don't mean to deny that the evi
al voices. "No, no, there's life in him!" shouted another. "But he'll be gone before you can get him to hospital." "He's a brave fellow," said a woman. "They would have had the
 SCARUS ANTONY. Yet they are not join'd. Where yond pine does stand I shall discover all. I'll bring thee word Straight how 'tis like to go
 thither. Jul. Wash they his wounds with tears? Mine shall be spent, When theirs are dry, for Romeo's ba
ere I don't see how they can escape. We have the news at every seaport already, and a reward will be offered before evening. What b
eart, great Hector, welcome. HECTOR. I thank thee, most imperious Agamemnon. AGAMEMNON. [To Troilus] My well-fam'd lord of Troy, no less to you. MENELAUS. Let me confirm my prince
r anyone, having no witness to confirm my speech. Enter Lady Macbeth with a taper. Lo you, here she comes! This is her very
 fear it, I promise you. BOTTOM. Masters, you ought to consider with yourself to bring in- God shield us!- a lion among ladies is a most dreadful thing; for there is not a 
 King Corn. What is your difference? Speak. Osw. I am scarce in breath, my lord. Kent. No marvel, you
thine honour! LEWIS. I muse your Majesty doth seem so cold, When such profound respects do pull you on. PANDULPH. I will denounce a curse upon his head. KING PH
ce born. MARIA. Dumain is mine, as sure as bark on tree. BOYET. Madam, and pretty mistresses, give ear: Immediately they will again be her
nd plainness I do wear mine bare. Enter AENEAS, PARIS, ANTENOR, DEIPHOBUS, and DIOMEDES Fear not my truth: the moral of my 
 be awak'd; Then, what it was that next came in her eye, Which she must dote on in extremity. Enter PUCK Here comes my messenger. How now, mad spir
ly a very fine morning for a walk." He quickened his pace until we had decreased the distance which divided us by about half. Then, still keeping a hundred yards behind, we followed 
night, Though standing naked on a mountain top Where biting cold would never let grass grow, And think it but a minute spent in sport. QUEEN. 
He must know 'tis none of your daughter nor my sister; we are gone else. Sir, I will give you as much
ady! CLEOPATRA. I would I had thy inches. Thou shouldst know There were a heart in Egypt. ANTONY. Hear
 torch. I am not for this ambling. Being but heavy, I will bear the light. Mer. Nay, gentle Romeo, we must have you d
es. It is love's spring, And these the showers to bring it on. Be cheerful. OCTAVIA. Sir, look well to my husband's house; 
lity; for Malvolio's nose is no whipstock. My lady has a white hand, and the Myrmidons are no bottle-ale houses. AGUECHEEK
 my business to soothe it. But I can assure you that so far as the essentials go--the storage of muniti
d that out," replied Holmes; "so now, if you please, Mr. Holder, we will set off for Streatham together, and devote an hour to glancing a little more closely into deta
x not so bad a voice To slander music any more than once. Pedro. It is the witness still of excellency To put a strange face on hi
WIDOW. Gentle madam, You never had a servant to whose trust Your business was more welcome. HELENA. Nor you, mistres
 wretch willingly to die. PROVOST. This shall be done, good father, presently. But Barnardine must die this after
eir 'larum, and they ours. Now, Mars, I prithee, make us quick in work, That we with smoking swords may march from hence To help our fielded friends! Com
t, or I will protest your cowardice. You have kill'd a sweet lady, and her death shall fall heavy on you. Le
is spirit is come in, That so stood out against the holy Church, The great metropolis and see of Rome. Therefore thy threat'ning col
y practical interest. "Is he in?" he asked, eagerly. "Come up, my dear sir," said Holmes's voice from above. "I hope 
-drinking pit. QUINTUS. If it be dark, how dost thou know 'tis he? MARTIUS. Upon his bloody finger he doth wear A precious ri
the sacrament To rive their dangerous artillery Upon no Christian soul but English Talbot. Lo, there thou stand'st, a bre
 you are the head. Self-love, my liege, is not so vile a sin As self-neglecting. Re-enter LORDS, with EXETER and train FRENCH KING. From our brother of England? EXE
ust not be shown Unless this general evil they maintain, All men are bad and in their badness reign. 122 Thy 
s my father's mind That I repair to Rome, I am content. FIRST GOTH. And ours with thine, befall what fortune will. LUCI
he world. DAUPHIN. What a long night is this! I will not change my horse with any that treads but on four 
n," said Holmes, rising and putting on his overcoat. "The case is not entirely devoid of interest. Had anyone visited you in your room after the 
wrongfully. Come, fellow, follow us for thy reward. Sound a flourish. Exeunt SCENE IV. London. A street Enter DUKE HUMPHREY and his men, in mourning cloaks GLOUCESTER. Thus sometimes hath the 
h; after a little time, I'll beat him too. STEPHANO. Stand farther. Come, proceed. CALIBAN. Why, as I told thee, 'tis a c
e aspiring French; And here at hand the Dauphin and his train Approacheth, to confer about some matter. YORK. Is all our trav
a kingdom, Though war nor no known quarrel were in question, But that defences, musters, preparations, Should be maintain'
se thou must be counted A servant grafted in my serious trust, And therein negligent; or else a fool That seest a game play'
use. Sher. I will, my lord. There are two gentlemen Have in this robbery lost three hundred marks. Prince. It may
 to disputable for my company. I think of as many matters as he; but I give heaven thanks, and make no boast of them. Come, warble, come. SONG [All together here] Who doth ambition shun, An
 came last night To a dear friend of the good Duke of York's That tell black tidings. QUEEN. O, I am press'd to death through want of
abits?" "Yes, I think he was. I know that so far as those three keys are concerned he kept them on the same 
e mad elements--blown in upon us like a sheet of sea-weed in a gale--and now to have been reabsorbed by them once 
 clear, pray question me about it. But, above all, tell me quickly what I am to do, for this misery is more than I can bear." Holmes and I had listened with t
 king's defiance from my mouth- The farthest limit of my embassy. KING JOHN. Bear mine to him, and so d
es are ill-advised in not making an effort. Look at this!" He held up a little note with a coat-of-arms up
h a husband Hast thou of me as she is for a wife. JESSICA. Nay, but ask my opinion too of that. LORENZO. I will anon; first let us go to dinner.
d humble service till the point of death. KING HENRY. Stoop then and set your knee against my foot; And in reguerdon of that duty done I
en. Woman, commend me to her; I will not fail her. QUICKLY. Why, you say well. But I have another messenger to your worship. Mistress Page hath 
I shall be very happy to introduce you to two curiosities." Five minutes later we were in the street, walkin
t course,' said I. "'Mr. Drebber has been with us nearly three weeks. He and his secretary, Mr. Stangerson, h
o prosaic and respectable people who live far aloof from romance. But Mr. Henderson, of High Gable, was by
 this syringe I base all my hopes. I have just returned from a small scouting expedition and everything is favourable. Eat a good breakfast, Watson, for I propose to get upon 
ride in triumph over all mischance. Be plain, Queen Margaret, and tell thy grief; It shall be eas'd, if France can yield relief. QUEEN MARGARET. Those gracious words revive my droopi
nd and unhallowed friar, Is't not enough thou hast suborn'd these women To accuse this worthy man, but, in foul mouth, And in the witness of his proper ear, To cal
d Mercury, And vaulted with such ease into his seat As if an angel dropp'd down from the clouds To turn and wi
at infant's veins, The misplac'd John should entertain an hour, One minute, nay, one quiet breath of
, if we revel much. Therefore we'll have some half a dozen friends, And there an end. But what say you to Thursday? Par. My l
s grey beard- Kent. Thou whoreson zed! thou unnecessary letter! My lord, if you'll give me leave, I will tread this unbolted villain into mortar and daub the walls of a
len ankles and ungainly feet protruded starkly from beneath it. Beside him stood a smart-looking police-inspector, wh
 what's the matter? Does he rave? MARIA. No, madam, he does nothing but smile. Your ladyship were best to have some guard about you 
ay. I never do him wrong But he does buy my injuries, to be friends; Pays dear for my offences. Exit POSTHUMUS. Should we be taking leave As long a term as yet we have to live,
Rouen, Through which our policy must make a breach. Take heed, be wary how you place your words; Talk like the vulgar sort of market-men That come to gather money for their corn. If we h
a hoop of gold, a paltry ring That she did give me, whose posy was For all the world like cutler's poetry Up
y there; And if ye love me, as I think you do, Let's kiss and part, for we have much to do. Exeunt all b
arkworth Castle. Enter Hotspur solus, reading a letter. Hot. 'But, for mine own part, my lord, I could be well contented to be there, in respect of the love I bear your house.'
 would perhaps trouble a woman. Hor. If your mind dislike anything, obey it. I will forestall their repair hither and say you are not fit. Ham. Not a whit, we
as deeply hurt by what he regarded as our desertion. "When do you desire to go?" he asked coldly. "Immediately a
e should shame to know herself But with her most vile principal- that she's A bed-swerver, even as bad as those That vulgars give bold'st titles; ay, and privy To this the
the eye fears, when it is done, to see. Exit. DUNCAN. True, worthy Banquo! He is full so valiant, And 
ee harm. BOY. Ay, when my father was in Rome she did. MARCUS. What means my niece Lavinia by these signs? TITUS. Fear he
obtained by the manner of my father's will. I am glad this parcel of wooers are so reasonable; for t
r season. The business of this man looks out of him; We'll hear him what he says. Whence are you? EGYPTIAN. A poor Egyptian, yet the Queen, my
hered! Tom, away! Mark the high noises, and thyself bewray When false opinion, whose wrong thought defiles thee, In thy just 
snores. I have drugg'd their possets That death and nature do contend about them, Whether they live or die. MACBETH. [Within.] Who's t
ng supposed peace. All these bold fears Thou seest with peril I have answered; For all my reign hath been but as a scene Acting that argument. And now my death Changes the mood; for what in me was p
to-night. I have wired to Overton to let us know any fresh London developments at this address, and in the meantim
all his noble captains to my lord. ANTONY. Do so, we'll speak to them; and to-night I'll force The wine peep through their scars. Come on, my queen, There's sap
t I heard a low, clear whistle, but the sudden glare flashing into my weary eyes made it impossible for me to tell what it was at which my friend lashed so savagely. I coul
ng away. OTHELLO. Soft you; a word or two before you go. I have done the state some service, and they know't. No more of that. I pray you,
ty rather than despise. HERMIA. I understand not what you mean by this. HELENA. Ay, do- persever, counterfeit sad look
we can pick up the trace again. Yes, here we are--three days later. 'Am making successful arrangements. Patience and prudence. 
y With nuptial knot, if thou vouchsafe to grant That virtuous Lady Bona, thy fair sister, To England's King in lawful marriage. QUEEN MARGARET. [Aside] If that go forward, Henr
ke's return. Say, by this token, I desire his company At Mariana's house to-night. Her cause and your
, be then in blood; Not rascal-like to fall down with a pinch, But rather, moody-mad and desperate st
petual night. The first that there did greet my stranger soul Was my great father-in-law, renowned Warwick, Who spake aloud 'What scourge for perjury 
for aye On thy low grave, on faults forgiven. Dead Is noble Timon, of whose memory Hereafter more. Bring me into your city, And I will use the olive, with my sword; Make war breed pea
 OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUT
THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS 
, if that which is lost be not found.' LORDS. Now blessed be the great Apollo! HERMIONE. Praised! LEONTES. Hast th
ng away. BELARIUS. Pray be not sick, For you must be our huswife. IMOGEN. Well, or ill, I am bound to you.
e, I stayed at an hotel in Norwood, and came to my business from there. I knew nothing of this affair until I was in the train, when I read what you
 loathsome canker lives in sweetest bud. All men make faults, and even I in this, Authorizing thy trespass with compare,
air; Nor age nor honour shall shape privilege. For this proud mock I'll be thy slaughterman, Sly frantic wretch, that holp'st to make me 
oolish boldness brought thee to their mercies Whom thou, in terms so bloody and so dear, Hast made thine enemies? ANTONIO. Orsino, noble sir, Be pleas'd that I shake off these names you give me: 
US. True! I'll be sworn they are true. Where is he wounded? [To the TRIBUNES] God save your good worships! Marcius is coming home; he has m
our client. "A thousand things come back to me which make me certain that you have hit it. Oh, let us lose not an instant in bringing help to this
. Let the justices make you and Fortune friends; I am for other business. PAROLLES. I beseech your honour to hear 
r faithful service, and your toil in war; Yet never have you tasted our reward, Or been reguerdon'd with so much as thanks, Because till now we 
tor may plead pardon. I'll none now. Give me mine angle- we'll to th' river. There, My music playing far off, I will betray Tawny-finn'd fishes; my bended hook shall pierce Their sli
e room, with a low ceiling and a gaping fireplace, after the fashion of old country-houses. A brown chest of drawers stood in one corner, a narrow white-coun
 have been used to meeting death at every turn. Whether Achmet the merchant lived or died was a thing as lig
, In little room confining mighty men, Mangling by starts the full course of their glory. Small time, but, in that small, most greatly live
d mine estate By something showing a more swelling port Than my faint means would grant continuance; Nor do I now make moan to be abridg'd From such a nob
rview left Sherlock Holmes very thoughtful, and several times in the next few days I saw him take his slip of paper
bert, throw thine eye On yon young boy. I'll tell thee what, my friend, He is a very serpent in my way; And wheresoe'er
were so, and it seems most probable, only a man who had lost his wits would have run from the house instead of towards it. If t
ur predecessors have, Your honour with your form. CORIOLANUS. It is a part That I shall blush in acting, and might well Be tak
e! MENENIUS. What is about to be? I am out of breath; Confusion's near; I cannot speak. You tribunes To th' pe
ck, what mischiefs might he set abroach In shadow of such greatness! With you, Lord Bishop, It is even so. Who hath not heard it spoken How deep you were within the bo
brightest beams Distracted clouds give way; so stand thou forth; The time is fair again. BERTRAM. My high-repented blames, Dear sovereign, pardon to me. KING. All is whole; Not o
in, endeavouring to soothe his own ruffled spirits. At last he flung down the instrument and plunged into a detailed accou
of inestimable service to me." I relapsed into my chair. "Briefly," she continued, "the facts are these. My father was an officer in an Indian regiment who 
 hands. For five minutes he was silent. Then he raised his face once more, and spoke with the cold composure of despair. "I have nothing to hide from you, gentlemen," said he. "If I shot
hort, metal-headed stick in his hand, and he advanced in so menacing a fashion that I was right glad to feel the revolver in my pocket. "You infernal spi
 people mutinous; and it is rumour'd, Cominius, Marcius your old enemy, Who is of Rome worse hated than of
. "Watson," said he, "if it should ever strike you that I am getting a little over-confident in my powers, or giving less pains to a case than it deserves, kindly whisper 'N
. This is a trick to put me from my suit. Pray you, let Cassio be received again. OTHELLO. Fetch me the handk
'll know no further. Let them pronounce the steep Tarpeian death, Vagabond exile, flaying, pent to linger But with a grain a day, I would not buy Their me
ear me you'll be in till then. LEPIDUS. Nay, certainly, I have heard the Ptolemies' pyramises are very goodly things. Withou
 statists do, A baseness to write fair, and labour'd much How to forget that learning; but, sir, now It did me yeoman's service. Wilt thou know Th' effect o
 I was always plain with you, and so now I speak my agitation of the matter; therefore be o' good cheer, for truly I think you are damn'd. Th
her but Lucentio? I tell you, sir, she bears me fair in hand. HORTENSIO. Sir, to satisfy you in what I have said, Stand by and mark the manner of his teaching. [
able state of excitement, who insists upon seeing me. She is waiting now in the sitting-room. Now, when y
n it raineth every day. Lear. True, my good boy. Come, bring us to this hovel. Exeunt [Lear and Kent]. Fool. This is a brave night to cool a courtesan. I'll speak a prophecy er
int, Were testimonies against his worth and credit, That's seal'd in approbation? You, Lord Escalus, Sit with my cousin; lend him your kind pains To find out this abus
hiest self. The witch shall die. To the young Roman boy she hath sold me, and I fall Under this plot. She dies for't. Eros, ho! Exit ACT_4|SC_13 SCENE XIII. A
re again together. You have done Not after our command. Away with her, And pen her up. QUEEN. Beseech your patience.- Peace, Dear lady daughter, peace!- Sweet sovereign, Leave us to our
llent husbands, if a maid could come by them. Pedro. Will you have me, lady? Beat. No, my lord, unle
hat honesty Is never free of. But, beseech your Grace, Be plainer with me; let me know my trespass By its own visage; if I then deny it, 'Tis none of mine. LEONTES. Ha' not you se
You had only in your silent judgment tried it, Without more overture. LEONTES. How could that be? Either thou art most ignorant b
d Lucius, from our troops I stray'd To gaze upon a ruinous monastery; And as I earnestly did fix mine eye Upon the wasted building, suddenly I heard a child cry underneath a wall. I made u
him with. With this short preface I shall turn to my notes of what proved to be a strange, though a peculiarly terrible, chain of events. It was a blazing hot day in
lot is plain; guide, if thou canst, This after me. I have writ my name Without the help of any hand at all. Cu
igure at such rate be set As that of true and faithful Juliet. Cap. As rich shall Romeo's by his lady's lie- Poor sacrifices of our enmity! Prince. A glooming peace thi
elvet collar. In his hand he held a long legal document, which he was reading in an indolent fashion, blowing rings of tobacco smoke 
o footmarks below, but it is sure that this is the only possible exit. "His absence was discovered at seven o'clock on Tuesday morning. His 
appreciate the meaning of my proceedings, and who was now as excited as myself, took out his manuscript to check my calculation. "'And under,' he cried. 'You have omitted th
resting?" "To a collector of fairy tales." Dr. Mortimer drew a folded newspaper out of his pocket. "Now, Mr. Holmes, we will give you something a little more recent. This is the Devon Co
ECHEEK. There's a testril of me too; if one knight give a- CLOWN. Would you have a love-song, or a song of good life? SIR TOB
 opinion dwells; For here the Troyans taste our dear'st repute With their fin'st palate; and trust to me, Ul
h say, Since what he owes thee, thou thy self dost pay. 80 O how I faint when I of you do write, Knowing a better spirit doth use your name, And in the praise thereof spends all 
ent my pate made way; And there I stood amazed for a while, As on a pillory, looking through the lute, While she did call me rascal fiddler 
S. Why, noble lords, Will you be put in mind of his blind fortune, Which was your shame, by this unholy braggart, 
. Holmes. You're a smoker yourself, if I remember right, and you'll guess what it is to be sitting for two days with tob
h' Pope against the King; your goodness, Since you provoke me, shall be most notorious. My Lord of Norfolk, as 
gone! BASSANIO. Since I have your good leave to go away, I will make haste; but, till I come again, No bed shall e'er be guilty of my stay, Nor rest be interposer 'twixt us twain. 
 of times. Woe to the hand that shed this costly blood! Over thy wounds now do I prophesy (Which like d
iderable confidence to the second message, which worked out in this fashion:-- A. ELRI.ES. Here I could only make sense by putting T and
ud. Can the world buy such a jewel? Bene. Yea, and a case to put it into. But speak you this with a sad brow? 
 villas each with a fronting of miniature garden, and then again interminable lines of new staring brick buildings,--the monster te
 this door.' "We went down a winding stone stair, and my companion, striking a match, lit a large lantern which stood on a barrel in the co
 Let us descend, Lestrade. There are just one or two questions that I would ask him." The malignant creature was seated in his o
referment, such As thou'lt desire; and then myself, I chiefly, That set thee on to this desert, am bound
sh, which side should win; for either thou Must as a foreign recreant be led With manacles through our streets, or else Triumphantly tread o
 largest landed proprietor in that part is a Mr. John Turner, who made his money in Australia and returned some years ago to the old
nd of the rope for it, but it was done, and I could not undo it again." "Have a cigar," said Holmes; "and you had best take
for if I had fear'd death, of all the men i' th' world I would have 'voided thee; but in mere spite, To be full quit of those my banis
ea for to obey the moon As or by oath remove or counsel shake The fabric of his folly, whose foundation Is pil'd upo
he hard rein which both of them have borne Against the old kind King, or something deeper, Whereof, perchance, these are but furnishings- But, true
ession; Immediate sentence then, and sequent death, Is all the grace I beg. DUKE. Come hither, Mariana. Say, wast thou e'er contracted to this woman? ANGELO. I was, my lord. D
my elbow itch'd! I thought there would a scab follow. Con. I will owe thee an answer for that; and now forward with thy ta
he very wrath of love, and they will together. Clubs cannot part them. ORLANDO. They shall be married to-m
 Exeunt SERVANTS KATHERINA. I pray you, husband, be not so disquiet; The meat was well, if you were so contented. PETRUCHIO. I tell thee, Ka
y, and who had already made a disturbance at Mr. Doran's house that morning." "Ah, yes. I should like a few particulars as to t
ists. "You may not be aware that I have royal blood in my veins. Have the goodness, also, when you address 
ough in proof! Rom. Alas that love, whose view is muffled still, Should without eyes see pathways to his will! Where shall we dine? O me! What fray was here? Yet tell me not,
kins" was on every lip. "There can't be any number of Injuns here," said the elderly man who appeared to be in co
d Morris, his voice vibrating with passion. "You have seen little of it if you can call it anything else. Was it crime last night when a man old en
m very much mistaken if this is not Hatherley Farm upon the left." "Yes, that is it." It was a widespread, comfortable-looking buil
ling, learn thou to make some meaner choice: Lavina is thine elder brother's hope. AARON. Why, are ye mad, or know ye not in Rome 
 from shipboard? ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Dromio, what stuff of mine hast thou embark'd? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Your goods that lay 
t <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COL
TIGONUS. Their sacred wills be done! Go, get aboard; Look to thy bark. I'll not be long before I call upon thee. MARINER. Make your best
to send it after him; I was beset with shame and courtesy; My honour would not let ingratitude So much besm
reat man's compliment. When he had returned home he made his own preparations for the grim evening in front of him. Fir
e preserved very full notes of all these cases, and was myself personally engaged in many of them, it may be imagined 
ing money.' "'The firm does so when the security is good.' I answered. "'It is absolutely essential to me,' said he, 'that I should have 50,000 at once. I could, of course, borrow so trifl
w broken words of gratitude the man turned, but he hesitated and then came back. "You've been so kind 
 question Peter Carey about these different securities. You may have observed that some of them were marked wi
aid Gregson. "Heaven knows, they were complicated enough before." "You're sure it doesn't simplify them?" observed Hol
ve been An earnest advocate to plead for him. My lord, you do me shameful injury Falsely to draw me in these vile suspects. GLOUCESTER. You may deny that y
t after the noble temper of your lordship. You are most hot and furious when you win. CLOTEN. Winning will put any man into courage. If I could get this foolish
to take his place, and we were fortunate in hearing of your powers.' "I bowed. "'There are five sovereigns here,' said he, walking up to me, 'which
I employed my morning, or what I ended by doing." "I can't imagine. I suppose that you have been watching the habits, and perhaps th
o dull a kingdom, Though war nor no known quarrel were in question, But that defences, musters, preparations, Should be maintain'd, assembled, and coll
ARD. It boots thee not to be compassionate; After our sentence plaining comes too late. MOWBRAY. Then thus I turn me from my countrv's ligh
paper, with a distinct smell of coffee. What, did you not observe it? I think there can be no doubt of it. Address printe
had, Jefferson Hope had been there in search of them. He soon became a favourite with the old farmer, who spoke eloquently of his virtues. On such occasions, Lucy was silent, but her blushing
 go on to this Mrs. Oakshott to-night, or whether we should reserve it for to-morrow. It is clear from what that surly
ooding eyes. "Yes, sir, I am your prisoner," she said. "From where I stood I could hear everything, and I know that you have
"Several before I knew Cyril." "And since?" "There was this dreadful man, Woodley, if you can call him an admirer." "No one else?" Our fair client see
impossible; Mirth cannot move a soul in agony. ROSALINE. Why, that's the way to choke a gibing spirit, Whose influence 
onest, but yet I could accuse me of such things that it were better my mother had not borne me. I am very proud, revengeful, ambiti
 thing; though I report it That should be silent. If young Doricles Do light upon her, she shall bring him that Which he not dreams of. Enter a SE
o certain; How much more is his life in value with him! Would I were fairly out on't! CROMWELL. My mind gave me, In seeking tales and informations Against this man-whose honesty the devil 
 there was no side road at this point down which he could have gone." Holmes chuckled and rubbed his hands. "This case certainly presents some features of it
the studious universities. For any, or for all these exercises, He said that Proteus, your son, was meet; And did request me to importune you To let him spend his time n
o loves; And let me be a slave t' achieve that maid Whose sudden sight hath thrall'd my wounded eye. Enter BIO
AMS. You pay him then! That's a perilous shot out of an elder-gun, that a poor and a private displeasure can do against a monarc
 Holmes, lighting a cigar, "I am sorry that it has come to this." "And so am I, sir," he answered, frank
nter CONSTANCE Look who comes here! a grave unto a soul; Holding th' eternal spirit, against her will, In the vile prison of afflicted breath. I prithee, lady, go a
nce. Three civil brawls, bred of an airy word By thee, old Capulet, and Montague, Have thrice disturb'd the quiet of our streets And made Verona's a
at he hath done me wrong; And therefore I'll uncrown him ere't be long.' KING EDWARD. Ha! durst the traitor breathe out so proud words? Well, I will arm me
at last, satisfied himself as to his identity, the man's surprise changed to consternation. "You are ma
 but this from rumour's tongue I idly heard-if true or false I know not. KING JOHN. Withhold thy speed, dreadful 
 I challenge law-attorneys are denied me; And therefore personally I lay my claim To my inheritance of free descent. NORTHUMBERLAND. The noble Duke hath been too much abused. ROSS. It
tate. I prithee grieve to make me merry, York. What, hath thy fiery heart so parch'd thine entrails That not a tear can fall for Rutland's death? Why art thou patient, man? Thou shouldst be mad; 
, whom He purpos'd to his wife's sole son- a widow That late he married- hath referr'd herself Unto a poor but worthy gentleman. She's wedded; Her husband banish'd; she imprison'd. All Is outward so
fore. My brother's servants Were then my fellows; now they are my men. SEBASTIAN. But, for your conscience- ANTONIO. Ay, sir; where lies that? If 'twere a kibe, 'Twould put me to my slipper; but I 
d: I grant I never saw a goddess go, My mistress when she walks treads on the ground. And yet by heaven I think my love as rare, As any s
es on havoc. O proud Death, What feast is toward in thine eternal cell That thou so many princes at a shot So bloodily hast struck. 
seen the haughty Cardinal- More like a soldier than a man o' th' church, As stout and proud as he were l
 Upon the wounds his body bears, which show Like graves i' th' holy churchyard. CORIOLANUS. Scratches with briers, Scars to move laughter only. MENENIUS. Consider further, That when he speaks not li
with an exclamation of delight. "The last link," he cried, exultantly. "My case is complete." The two detectives stared at him in amazement. "I have now in
-by. Pol. I will say so. Exit. Ham. 'By-and-by' is easily said.- Leave me, friends. [Exeunt all but Hamlet.] 'Tis now the very witching time of night, When chu
BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. EL
ous proposition," said he. "It is certainly bolted as well as locked. We would do better in the area. There is an excellent archway down yond
 post-haste. Holmes glanced at it and threw it over to me. There are numerous small fry, but few who would handle so b
t. Consider how it stands upon my credit. SECOND MERCHANT. Well, officer, arrest him at my suit. OFFICER. I do; and charge you in the Duke's name to obey me. ANGELO. This touches me in r
irst word that ever came to us of the business was from one of his lieutenants. These Americans were well advised. Having 
p upon my wat'ry eyes And make them blind with tributary tears. Then which way shall I find Revenge's cave? For these two heads do seem to speak to m
ollowing shall Bianca Be bride to you, if you make this assurance; If not, to Signior Gremio. And so I take my leave,
e. QUEEN MARGARET. King Lewis and Lady Bona, hear me speak Before you answer Warwick. His demand Springs not from Edward's well-meant honest love, But f
 Romans did extort This tribute from us, we were free. Caesar's ambition- Which swell'd so much that
s his name's poor Tom. Kent. What art thou that dost grumble there i' th' straw? Come forth. Enter Edgar [disguised as a madman]
ver it was has failed to make his way in. He must have been a very poor burglar." "This is a most extraordinary thing," said the inspector; "I could swear that these marks were not he
erwards," said he. "After leaving you at the station I went for a charming walk through some admirable Surrey scenery to a pretty little village called R
 of. Some oracle Must rectify our knowledge. PROSPERO. Sir, my liege, Do not infest your mind with beating on The strangeness of this business; at pick'd leisure, Which shal
 we'll have a posset for't soon at night, in faith, at the latter end of a sea-coal fire. [Exit RUGBY] An honest, willing, kind fellow, as ever servant shall come in house
tenc'd- a young man More fit to do another such offence Than die for this. DUKE. When must he die? PROVOST. As I do think, t
e deserves.' And well said too; for who shall go about To cozen fortune, and be honourable Without the stamp of merit? Let
eing most unfit to live. I have made you mad; And even with such-like valour men hang and drown Their proper selves. [ALONSO, SEBA
e desir'd some damsons And made me climb, With danger of my life. GLOUCESTER. A subtle knave! But yet it shall not serve: Let me see thine eyes; wink now; now open them; In my op
intment box containing a couple of pills." Sherlock Holmes sprang from his chair with an exclamation of delight. "The last link," he cried, exultantly. "My case
you naked. CLAUDIO. Let me know the point. ISABELLA. O, I do fear thee, Claudio; and I quake, Lest thou a feverous life shouldst entertain, And six or seven winte
very possible. We took no pains to hide it.' "'He simply wished, I should imagine, to refresh his memory upon that last occasion. He had, as I understand, some sort of map or chart wh
of interest. Had anyone visited you in your room after the papers came to you?" "Yes; young Daulat Ras, an Indian student who lives o
s on me. 'Boy'! False hound! If you have writ your annals true, 'tis there That, like an eagle in a dove-cot
r being preferr'd so well. CLOTEN. The south fog rot him! IMOGEN. He never can meet more mischance than come 
l; And so let me entreat you leave the house. Sher. I will, my lord. There are two gentlemen Have in this robbery lost three hundred
ton was at a deadlock. "He found a way out of his difficulties through the chance that Sir Charles, who had conceived a friendship for
ht depends not on his life or death. EDWARD. Now you are heir, therefore enjoy it now. By giving the house of Lancaster leave to breathe, It wil
e parts." "Thank you. I'm Brother John McMurdo, Lodge 29, Chicago. Bodymaster J. H. Scott. But I am in luck to meet 
wist steel pokers into knots. That and a tooth-brush are, I think, all that we need." At Waterloo we were fortunate in catching a train for Leatherhead, where we h
ross. But this our purpose now is twelvemonth old, And bootless 'tis to tell you we will go. Therefore we m
ur Highness! QUEEN KATHARINE. Your Graces find me here part of housewife; I would be all, against the worst may happen. What are your pleasures
he capacity of governess. By her advice I published my address in the advertisement column. The same day there arrived
is whole Bohemian soul, remained in our lodgings in Baker Street, buried among his old books, and alternating from week 
re's something more would out of thee: what say'st? SURVEYOR. After 'the Duke his father' with the 'knife,' He stretch'd him, and
 jagged hole. I am much indebted to you for directing my attention to this case, Mr. Soames. Where d
 walk, and when it is a long one you use a hansom. As I perceive that your boots, although used, are by no me
 an old play: Jack hath not Jill. These ladies' courtesy Might well have made our sport a comedy. KING. Come, sir, it wants a twelvemonth an' a day, And then 'twill end. BEROWNE. That's too 
ut I do. If you have any influence with Sir Henry, take him away from a place which has always been fa
considered my position when, however, it became clear to me that whatever danger threatened an occupant of the room could not come either f
tis Ovid's Metamorphoses; My mother gave it me. MARCUS. For love of her that's gone, Perhaps she cull'd it f
. Lascivious grace, in whom all ill well shows, Kill me with spites yet we must not be foes. 41 Those pretty wrongs that liberty commits, When I am sometime a
 last month to Dr. Leslie Armstrong of Cambridge. I picked it out from among the papers upon his desk." The doctor flus
the chance to ask him a few questions. "Well," said I, "has this precious relation of yours departed, or is he still lurking out yonder?" "I don't know, 
r brother's evil disposition made him seek his death; but a provoking merit, set awork by a reproveable badness in himself. Edm. How malicious is my fortune that I must repent to be 
t To ling'ring sufferance. Answer me to-morrow, Or, by the affection that now guides me most, I'll prove a tyrant to him. As for you, Say what you can: my false o'erweighs your true. Exit ISABELLA. T
me will venom breed, No teeth for the present. Get thee gone. Tomorrow We'll hear ourselves again. Exit Murthe
e, so far as his concealment goes there is no difficulty at all. Any one of these stone huts would give him a hiding-place. But
y of honesty; and, I warrant you, they could never get her so much as sip on a cup with the proudest of
 But, O! the treacherous Fastolfe wounds my heart Whom with my bare fists I would execute, If I now had him brought into 
len must needs be fair, When with your blood you daily paint her thus. I cannot fight upon this argument; It is too starv'd a s
ys of the great cases are past. Man, or at least criminal man, has lost all enterprise and originality. As to my own little pract
s always a treat," said he. "You are aware that I have some proficiency in the good old British sport of boxing. Occasionally it is of 
 set all hearts i' th' state To what tune pleas'd his ear; that now he was The ivy which had hid my princely trunk And su
nst such a good time, when I might ha' shown myself honourable! How unluckily it happ'ned that I should purchase the day before for a lit
yrant bloody-scepter'd, When shalt thou see thy wholesome days again, Since that the truest issue of
rove false, which I will never be, To him that is most true. To Milford go, And find not her whom thou p
, come, a hand from either. Let me be blest to make this happy close; 'Twere pity two such friends should be long foes. PROTEUS. Bear witness, heaven, I hav
 this plain-clothes copper it will be the worst day's work that ever you did." "Your reverence need not be excited," said Holme
on, Successful in the battles that he fights, With honour and with fortune is return'd From where he circum
 for on finding himself powerless, he smiled in an affable manner, and expressed his hopes that he had not hurt any of us i
ow so comfortable? It almost turns my dangerous nature mild. Let me behold thy face. Surely, this man Was born of woman. Forgive my general and exceptless rashne
r, The white cold virgin snow upon my heart Abates the ardour of my liver. PROSPERO. Well! Now come, my Ariel, bri
ince yesterday from brain symptoms of great severity. As her medical adviser, I cannot possibly take the responsibility of allowing anyone
ar und zum Schelmen der Stoff. "By the way, a propos of this Norwood business, you see that they had, as I surmi
er came to Sicily and did find Her welcome friendly. ANTONY. I have heard it, Pompey, And am well studied for a liberal 
RVINGMAN FIRST SERVANT. What would you have, friend? Whence are you? Here's no place for you: pray go to the door. Exit CORIOLANUS.
a piece of cheese! PUCK. Vile worm, thou wast o'erlook'd even in thy birth. FAIRY QUEEN. With trial-fire touch me his finger-end; If he be chaste, the flame will back des
t assur'd, His glassy essence, like an angry ape, Plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven As makes the angels weep; who, wit
might not! I chose an eagle, And did avoid a puttock. CYMBELINE. Thou took'st a beggar, wouldst have made my throne A seat for baseness.
shaking his sides. All my medical instincts rose up against that laugh. "Stop it!" I cried; "pull yourself together!" and I poured out some water from a caraffe. It 
a barren rascal; I saw him put down the other day with an ordinary fool that has no more brain than a stone. Look you now, he's out of his gua
plies, as you will readily see, a possession of all knowledge, which, even in these days of free education and encyclopaedias, is a somewhat rare accomplishment. It is not so impossible, however, tha
H. Renowned Lucius, from our troops I stray'd To gaze upon a ruinous monastery; And as I earnestly did fix mine ey
n. O, these flaws and starts, Impostors to true fear, would well become A woman's story at a winter's fire, Authorized by her grandam. Shame itself! Why do you make such 
them but a paltry fellow, Long kept in Britaine at our mother's cost? A milk-sop, one that never in his life Felt so much cold as over shoes in snow? Let's whip these stragglers o'er th
O God, have I overcome mine enemies in this presence? O Peter, thou hast prevail'd in right! KING HENRY. Go, take 
g that saints have never flourished in those parts, but there was in him a certain wanton and cruel 
 my self alone. And to be sure that is not false I swear, A thousand groans but thinking on thy face, One on another's neck do witness bear Thy black is f
 traces of his unsteady hand. Where is the mystery in all this?" "It is as clear as daylight," I ans
h noise or excitement. I had enough of both in Afghanistan to last me for the remainder of my natural existence. How
e from between swollen lids. It was she, then, who wept in the night, and if she did so her husband must know 
ling fabric. Will you hence, Before the tag return? whose rage doth rend Like interrupted waters, and o'erbear What they are us'd to bear. MENENI
se it call. 'Steal' foh! A fico for the phrase! FALSTAFF. Well, sirs, I am almost out at heels. PISTOL. Why, then, let kibes 
d I'll soon be right. What have you to confess now? It's just as well for two fellows to know the worst of one another before they begin to li
he abode of wealthy City merchants, we found the sculpture works for which we searched. Outside was a c
t do.-Come, cousin, I'll dispose of you. Gentlemen, go muster up your men And meet me presently at Berkeley. I should to Plashy too, But time will not 
NTONIO. Let me speak a little. This youth that you see here I snatch'd one half out of the jaws of death, Reli
olhardy King. Shall I, for love, speak treason to thy face? Open the door, or I will break it open. Enter YORK BOLINGBROKE. Wha
e. A steady, respectable, middle-aged man, too, on the face of him--all facts which led me to believe that he had been a sergeant." "Wonderful!" I ejaculated. "Commonplace," said Holmes
he faintest shadow of a smile flickered over the woman's lips. "I really cannot tell," she answered. "It is certainly a most ex
 should say, "You'll rue the time That clogs me with this answer." LENNOX. And that well might Advise him to a caution, to hold what distance His wisdom can provide. Some holy angel Fly t
When every feather sticks in his own wing, Lord Timon will be left a naked gull, Which flashes now a phoenix. Ge
omen are about her; what If I do line one of their hands? 'Tis gold Which buys admittance; oft it doth-yea, and makes Diana's rangers false themselv
d whatsoever a man denies, you are now bound to believe him. AEGEON. Not know my voice! O time's extremity, Hast thou so crack'd and splitted my poor tongue
t he had outmanoeuvred at every point the most accomplished swindler in Europe, was insufficient to rouse him from his nervous prostration. Three days later we were back in Baker Stree
t to her gentle heart? KATHERINE. Your Majesty shall mock me; I cannot speak your England. KING HENRY. O fai
other, and so felt responsible for our fate." "Excuse me," said Holmes; "when was this interview?" "Last December--four months ago." "Pray proceed." "Mr. Woodley
t me, but the moment after I took it I knew that I had been drugged. In a sort of dream I remember being half-led, ha
es should be, which pitifully disaster the cheeks. A sennet sounded. Enter CAESAR, ANTONY, LEPIDUS, POMPE
ay. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENED
thest for a week or two; But then up farther, and as far as Rome; And so to Tripoli, if God lend me life. TRANIO. What co
dly suits would he be mov'd, To draw him from his holy exercise. BUCKINGHAM. Return, good Catesby, to the gracious Duke; Tell him
of triumph, he held up one splinter, in which a round, dark object was fixed like a plum in a pudding. "Gentlemen," he
It may surprise you to know that the man upon earth who is best versed in this disease is not a medical man, but a planter. Mr. C
p upon the matter but, above all, to preserve this coronet with every possible precaution because I need not say that a great public scandal w
d conspiracy to my mind." "You think then, definitely, that Barker and Mrs. Douglas are guilty of the murder?" "There is
dark." "I will soon make it clear to you," said she; "and I'd have done so before now if I could ha' got out from the cellar. If there's police-court business over this, you'll rem
she is lame! Love's heralds should be thoughts, Which ten times faster glide than the sun's beams Drivin
over daring Talbot Hath sullied all his gloss of former honour By this unheedful, desperate, wild adventure. York set him on to fight and die
e gone." Holmes chuckled and rubbed his hands. "This case certainly presents some features of its own," 
 droop. Here cease more questions; Thou art inclin'd to sleep; 'tis a good dullness, And give it way. I know thou canst n
ke! the task he undertakes Is numb'ring sands and drinking oceans dry. Where one on his side fights, thou
ere is the Talbot; who would speak with him? MESSENGER. The virtuous lady, Countess of Auvergne, With modesty admiring thy renown, By me entre
THUMBERLAND. The noble Duke hath been too much abused. ROSS. It stands your Grace upon to do him right. WILLOUGHBY. Base men by his endowments a
es off, And there we will abide. I do desire you Not to deny this imposition, The which my love and some necessity Now lays upon you. LORENZO. Madam, with a
llous searching wine, and it perfumes the blood ere one can say 'What's this?' How do you now? DOLL. Better than I was- hem. HOSTESS. Why, that
Not knowing why. IACHIMO. I never saw him sad. There is a Frenchman his companion, one An eminent monsieur that, it seems, much loves A Gallian girl at home. He furnaces The thick sighs from him;
 a pair of reechy kisses, Or paddling in your neck with his damn'd fingers, Make you to ravel all this matter out, That I essentially am not in m
function Is smother'd in surmise, and nothing is But what is not. BANQUO. Look, how our partner's rapt. MACBETH. [Aside.] If chance wil
to prevail? My breast I'll burst with straining of my courage. And from my shoulders crack my arms asunder, But I will chastise this high minded strumpet. [They fight again] PUCELLE. Talbot
ng, And certain stars shot madly from their spheres To hear the sea-maid's music. PUCK. I remember. OBERON. That very time I saw, but t
no doubt as to his individuality. But we may sleep on it now, for I shall be surprised if we do not hear something further from Brook Street in the morning." Sherlock Holmes's prophecy was soon ful
our malice-know, officious lords, I dare and must deny it. Now I feel Of what coarse metal ye are moulded-envy; How eagerly ye follow my disgr
suck'd. He is old now; But if there be not in our Grecian mould One noble man that hath one spark of fire To answer for his love, tell him from me
CLUS. Why am I a fool? THERSITES. Make that demand of the Creator. It suffices me thou art. Look you, w
any moe Of noble blood in this declining land. The King is not himself, but basely led By flatterers; and wha
bited, and those who live near each other are thrown very much together. For this reason I saw a good deal of Sir Charles Baskerville. 
roject's life this shape of sense assumes- Ajax employ'd plucks down Achilles' plumes. NESTOR. Now, 
land. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY
vice. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIB
ughter, with yourself to speak- A mild of grace and complete majesty- About surrender up of Aquitaine To her decrepit, sick, an
yford Station we saw a gigantic column of smoke which streamed up from behind a small clump of trees in the neighbourhood and hung like an immense ostrich feath
uld be better if I gave you an account of the whole situation when that work is finished." "I am full of curi
 the terrace KING HENRY. Was ever king that joy'd an earthly throne And could command no more content than I? No sooner was I crept out of my cradle
When others are more wicked; not being the worst Stands in some rank of praise. [To Goneril] I'll go with thee. Thy fifty yet doth double five-and-twenty, And
 a measure To lead 'em once again; and then let's dream Who's best in favour. Let the music knock it. Exeunt, with trumpets <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE
ceremony now. Might I ask you, Watson, to open that window, and then to put a match to the edge of t
v'd. Nurse. Marry, I will; and this is wisely done. Exit. Jul. Ancient damnation! O most wicked fiend! Is it more sin to wish me thus fors
 The passage outside was empty. "'That's all right,' said he, coming back. 'I know that clerks are sometimes curious as to their master's a
devil's dam. GREMIO. Tut, she's a lamb, a dove, a fool, to him! I'll tell you, Sir Lucentio: when the priest Should ask if Katherin
 done, But must condemn it now. Desist, and drink. MENAS. [Aside] For this, I'll never follow thy pall'd fortunes more. Who seeks, an
t to premeditated murder for some private reason. Very good. Here is a man who slips into a house with the deliberate intent
erous sense, Might in the times to come have ta'en revenge, By so receiving a dishonour'd life With ransom of such shame. Would yet he had liv'd! Alack, when once our grac
 no healthsome air breathes in, And there die strangled ere my Romeo comes? Or, if I live, is it not very
offices. He did tell me the address. Yes, 17 King Edward Street, near St. Paul's.' "I started off, Mr. Holmes, but when I got to tha
e shattered remains. Next instant, with a loud shout of triumph, he held up one splinter, in which a round, dark object was fixed like a p
ty's treasure ere it be self-killed: That use is not forbidden usury, Which happies those that pay the willing
tom of acute impatience. So great was his emotion, that I felt sincerely sorry for him, while the two detectives smiled derisively, by no means displeased at this c
inally, remarkably quick-witted, for this whole ingenious story is of his concoction. Yes, Watson, we have come upon the handiwork of a very re
ot have me, choose.' He hears merry tales and smiles not. I fear he will prove the weeping philosopher when he grows old, being so full of unmannerly sadness in his yout
here, through this door.' "We went down a winding stone stair, and my companion, striking a match, lit a large lantern which stood on a barrel in the corner.
 spite By living low where fortune cannot hurt me, And that the people of this blessed land May not be punish
, dear my lord, Keeps honour bright. To have done is to hang Quite out of fashion, like a rusty mail In 
erica passio! Down, thou climbing sorrow! Thy element's below! Where is this daughter? Kent. With the 
 Now I see thou art a fool, and fit for thy master. Exit FLAMINIUS. May these add to the number that may scald thee! Let molten coin be 
 off. Some one hath set you on; Confess the truth, and say by whose advice Thou cam'st here to complain. ISABELLA. And is this all? Then, O
 task will I; Bonfires in France forthwith I am to make To keep our great Saint George's feast withal. Ten thousand s
t?" asked McGinty. "By Gar! a man might as well live in Russia as in Vermissa while folk like you are running the police. It's a capitalist outrage, and you'll hear more of i
to keep at it until I could save enough to take me back to America. I was standing in the yard when a ragged youngster asked if 
Clarence, my unhappy son!'? SON. Why do you look on us, and shake your head, And call us orphans, wr
 fool! Utter your gravity o'er a gossip's bowl, For here we need it not. Lady. You are too hot. Cap. God's bread I it makes me mad. Day, night, late, early, At hom
CT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE 
her late employer. "Yes, sir, it is true that he threw the decanter at me. I heard him call my mistress a name, and I 
that had encount'red him. And when the hardiest warriors did retire, Richard cried 'Charge, and give no foo
don, trim it handsomely. CALIBAN. Ay, that I will; and I'll be wise hereafter, And seek for grace. What a thrice-double ass Was I to take this drunkard for
hy appear you with this ridiculous boldness before my lady? MALVOLIO. 'Be not afraid of greatness.' 'Twas well writ. OLIVIA. Wh
her princely sons, Be satisfied, dear God, with our true blood, Which, as thou know'st, unjustly must be spilt. RATCLIFF. Mak
ith speculation. "I should like a few more facts before I get so far as a theory, Mr. Mac," said he, kneeling do
r so emboss'd. CHARMIAN. To th'monument! There lock yourself, and send him word you are dead. The so
ishness took me by the soul, and that my heart turned as heavy as lead within me. I stammered out some few halti
nce. O monstrous! but one halfpennyworth of bread to this intolerable deal of sack! What there is else,
r case is as theirs. SEBASTIAN. I am out of patience. ANTONIO. We are merely cheated of our lives by drun
to invoke it. I have established a right of way through the centre of old Middleton's park, slap across it, sir, within a hundred yards of his own front door. What do y
rth a tenner each to Sam Brown and me if the treasure had been there." "Mr. Thaddeus Sholto is a rich man," I said. "He will s
empt to do so. I would only observe that there is a certain method in the gentleman's eccentric proceed
ut lend my diamond till your return. Let there be covenants drawn between's. My mistress exceeds in goodness the hu
orrow hath eaten up my sufferance. I see you are obsequious in your love, and I profess requital to a hair's breadth; not only, Mist
HERMIONE, guarded, and LADIES FIRST LORD. Beseech your Highness, call the Queen again. ANTIGONUS. Be certai
r we have power, Thou and thy faction shall repent this rape. BASSIANUS. Rape, call you it, my lord, to seize my own, My true betrothed love, a
orgot, But he'll remember, with advantages, What feats he did that day. Then shall our names, Familiar in his mouth
tooped over him I found, to my horror, that he was dead. "'For a long time I sat half distracted, wondering what I shoul
r soft, Gentle, and low- an excellent thing in woman. I kill'd the slave that was a-hanging thee. Capt. 'Tis true, my lords, he did. Lear. Did I not, fellow? I have seen t
o grossly in a natural cause That admiration did not whoop at them; But thou, 'gainst all proportion, d
o the sword of heaven will bear Should be as holy as severe; Pattern in himself to know, Grace to stand,
in the compass of my curse- Wherein I did not some notorious ill; As kill a man, or else devise his death; Ravish
mpany, and away to horse! Inform her full of my particular fear, And thereto add such reasons of your own As may compac
ntry loss; and if to live, The fewer men, the greater share of honour. God's will! I pray thee, wish not one man more. By 
was very much astonished, as you may both think, at this sudden commission which had been intrusted to me. On the one hand, of course,
ays remarkably low. I hardly spoke at all." "Thank you," said Holmes, shutting his eyes; "pray go on." "I did exactly what he indicated, and waited until the other clerks had departed. One of th
 unconventional English, which, for the sake of clearness, I will make grammatical. "I was born in Posilippo, near Na
nothing. Heartily farewell. Exeunt Voltemand and Cornelius. And now, Laertes, what's the news with you? You told us of
fession, Mr. Mac, would be a drab and sordid one if we did not sometimes set the scene so as to glorify our results. 
'ervalues it something. But I make my wager rather against your confidence than her reputation; and, to
 it not fit for your o'erlooking. Glou. Give me the letter, sir. Edm. I shall offend, either to detain or give i
not know what I have done to be so severely tried," said he. "Only two days ago I was a happy and prosperous man, without a care in the worl
it was only half down. Yes, I remember how he pulled it up in order to swing open the window. I could not find my stick, and he said, 'Never mind, my boy; I shall see a goo
f'red foul play in a state. King. The Earl of Westmoreland set forth to-day; With him my son, Lord John of Lancaster; For this advertisement i
ed privilege denied, which 'longs To women of all fashion; lastly, hurried Here to this place, i' th' open air, before I have got strength of limit. No
 not in health, He would embrace the means to come by it. BRUTUS. Why, so I do. Good Portia, go to bed.
no means such a phenomenon as Poe appeared to imagine." "Have you read Gaboriau's works?" I asked. "Does Lecoq come up to your idea of a detective?" Sherlock Holmes sniffed sardonical
ark conclusion of a story which had seemed to me to be only childish and bizarre I experience once again the dismay and
e third heavily charged with it. There are two possible explanations, and only two. One is that after the s
 the voice. "Can you bear pain?" "As well as another," he answered. "Test him!" It was all he could do to keep himself from scream
y and by clean starved for a look, Possessing or pursuing no delight Save what is had, or must from you be took. Thus 
 engaged a lady-housekeeper, a very respectable, elderly person, called Mrs. Dixon, to look after his establishment. The child was a dea
hy misery! Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY
more favourable hypothesis. Let us suppose, for example, that he had been approached by some foreign agent. 
pray with you. What news on the Rialto? Who is he comes here? Enter ANTONIO BASSANIO. This is Signio
grace this latter age with noble deeds. For my part, I may speak it to my shame, I have a truant been to chivalry
e have been four considerable burglaries in the West Country, for none of which was any criminal ever arrested. The last of these, at Folkes
itude? What's that? THIRD SERVANT. But when they shall see, sir, his crest up again and the man in blood, the
dark forgetfulness and deep oblivion. Which to recure, we heartily solicit Your gracious self to take on you the charge And kingly government of this your land- Not as protector
me leave to retire myself. VOLUMNIA. Indeed you shall not. Methinks I hear hither your husband's drum; See him pluck Aufidius down by th' hair; As children from a bear, th
a rash marriage and had reason to regret it." "I have heard so much." "My life has been one incessant persecution from a husband
er, Is prisoner to the Bishop here, at whose hands He hath good usage and great liberty; And often but attended with weak guard Comes hunting this way 
, For I have seen our enemies' overthrow. What is the trust or strength of foolish man? They that of late were daring with th
ng as youth and thou are of one date, But when in thee time's furrows I behold, Then look I death my days should 
still, "They come!" Our castle's strength Will laugh a siege to scorn. Here let them lie Till famine a
or would affect the other. They began by using him as a short-cut, a convenience; now he has made himself an essential. In that great brain of his everything is pigeo
 talk to every gadabout. We want no stranger here. Be off, or you may find a dog at your heels." Holmes leaned
p them asunder; here comes Doctor Caius. Enter HOST, CAIUS, and RUGBY PAGE. Nay, good Master Parson, keep i
reatened them, and how necessary it was that he should return. Having done thus he felt easier in his mi
remarked, after we had set some time smoking in silence. "I fear that it may be the last investigation in which I shall
i' th' spital Of malady of France; And there my rendezvous is quite cut off. Old I do wax; and from my weary limbs Hon
revices left were worn down and rounded upon the lower side, as though they had frequently been used as a ladder. Holmes clambered
knowledge now which would enable me to trace them in many different ways. This, however, is the readiest and, since fort
n's gate and declare that a path has existed there from time immemorial, defying the owner to prosecute him for trespa
ation on't As it may lose some color. RODERIGO. Here is her father's house; I'll call aloud. IAGO. Do, with like timorous accent 
uous by-streets. "Rochester Row," said he. "Now Vincent Square. Now we come out on the Vauxhall Bridge Road. We are maki
IBUNES. Well, say. Peace, ho! CORIOLANUS. Shall I be charg'd no further than this present? Must all determine here? SICINIUS
z and Guildenstern. King. Sweet Gertrude, leave us too; For we have closely sent for Hamlet hither, That he, as 
ut if she be obdurate To mild entreaties, God in heaven forbid We should infringe the holy privilege O
s the pitchy night. So lust doth play With what it loathes, for that which is away. But more of this hereafter. You, Dia
n excellent appetite. There can be no question, my dear Watson, of the value of exercise before breakfast. But I am p
r eyebrows. FIRST LADY. Hark ye: The Queen your mother rounds apace. We shall Present our services to a fine new prince One
ged, I find, at the Mexborough Private Hotel, in Craven Street, which was actually one of those called upon by my agent in search of evidence. Here he kept his wife imprisoned in her roo
rld. KING PHILIP. What say'st thou, boy? Look in the lady's face. LEWIS. I do, my lord, and in her eye I find A wonde
Now, as thou art a gentleman of blood, Advise me where I may have such a ladder. VALENTINE. When would you use it? Pray, sir, tell me that. DUKE. This very nig
forbidden usury, Which happies those that pay the willing loan; That's for thy self to breed another thee
rapping of Birdy Edwards As McMurdo had said, the house in which he lived was a lonely one and very well suited for such a crime as the
ed I should know no secrets That appertain to you? Am I yourself But, as it were, in sort or limitation, To keep with you a
u in smoky cribs, Upon uneasy pallets stretching thee, And hush'd with buzzing night-flies to thy slumber
eason give To her foul tainted flesh! Bene. Sir, sir, be patient. For my part, I am so attir'd in wonder, I know not
hier friends had not prevented me. ANTONIO. Your worth is very dear in my regard. I take it your own business calls on you, And you embrace th' occasion to
ith his brooding and malicious eyes, had devised a new attack upon those who opposed him. That very night, as the half-drunke
ical investigations which absorbed him utterly as long as he was engaged upon them. Towards evening, however, the breaking of a test-tube brought his
as in Rome- accurs'd The mansion where!- 'twas at a feast- O, would Our viands had been poison'd, or at least Those which I heav'd to head!- the good Posthumus-
mper too, and I answered him rather more hotly than I should perhaps, considering that she was standing by. So it ended by h
ppeared in an instant among the crowd. I trust that I am not more dense than my neighbours, but I was 
like a post with packets. By holy Mary, Butts, there's knavery! Let 'em alone, and draw the curtain close; We shall hear more anon. Exeunt 
nd everything in order? CURTIS. All ready; and therefore, I pray thee, news. GRUMIO. First know my horse is t
that he meant it. I should certainly recommend you to return to your practice." It was hardly an appeal to be suc
lear enough to you soon," he said, in an off-hand way. "I think that there is nothing else of importance here, but I will look." He whipped out his lens and a
own, And thou art but of low degree. 'Tis pride that pulls the country down; Then take thine auld cloak about thee." Some wine, ho! CASSIO. Why, this is a more exquisite song than t
e in wild hurry, here do make his friends Blush that the world goes well; who rather had, Though they themselves did suffer by't, behold Dissentious numbers pest'ring streets 
 this?" I heard him say at last in a dry, rasping tone. "The best way of successfully acting a part is to be it
ix months old, Before herself, almost at fainting under The pleasing punishment that women bear, Had made prov
nd nature does require Her times of preservation, which perforce I, her frail son, amongst my brethren mortal, Must give my tendance to. KING. You have said well. WOLSEY. A
hare. MARCIUS. Within these three hours, Tullus, Alone I fought in your Corioli walls, And made what work I pleas'd. 'Tis n
od sir, adieu. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-19
ch we of taste and feeling are- for those parts that do fructify in us more than he. For as it would ill become me to be vain, indiscreet, or a fool, So, wer
relessly, 'we have our own process. We compress the earth into bricks, so as to remove them without revealing what they are. But that is a mere detail. I 
nt child. KING JOHN. Doth Arthur live? O, haste thee to the peers, Throw this report on their incensed ra
d yet, how nature erring from itself- IAGO. Ay, there's the point, as- to be bold with you- Not to affect many proposed matches Of her ow
rnish'd to inform you rightly Both what by sea and land I can be able To front this present time. CAESAR. Till which
therein doth kill himself. Which when I saw rehears'd, I must confess, Made mine eyes water; but more merry tears The passion of loud laughter never she
mpt, speeds from me; So leaves me to consider what is breeding That changes thus his manners. CAMILLO. I dare not kno
ht. I think, but dare not speak. GENTLEWOMAN. Good night, good doctor. Exeunt. SCENE II. The country near Dunsinane. Drum
 sorts of hearts; yea, from the glass-fac'd flatterer To Apemantus, that few things loves better Than to abhor himself; even he drops down The knee b
Watson," he said, at last. "We must come back in the afternoon if Mr. Harding will not be here until then. I am, as you have no doubt surmised, endeavouring to trace
de because it assumes some importance in view of the tragedy which followed, but I was convinced at the
scandal were not wip'd away, But I in danger for the breach of law. Thy greatest help is quiet, gentle Nell. I pray thee sort thy heart to patience; These few days'
e, middle-aged family practitioner vanishes into thin air, my dear Watson, and there emerges a young fellow under thirty
to dark. Let me see. When do you go to Mawson's?' "'On Monday.' "'Ha, ha! I think I would risk a littl
 BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO
 unless the devil himself turn Jew. Exeunt SOLANIO, SALERIO, and MAN SHYLOCK. How now, Tubal, what news from Genoa? Hast thou found my daughter? TUBAL. I often came where I did hear of h
an be mine and true, Though you in swearing shake the throned gods, Who have been false to Fulvia? Riotous madness, To
BASTARD. The Dauphin is preparing hitherward, Where God He knows how we shall answer him; For in a night the best part of my pow'r, As I upon advantage did remove, Were in th
lmes hailed a four-wheeler which was passing. "In that case we had better discuss it in a cosy room rather than in this wi
tlemen, and all together." "Fire!" The shout must have rung over Norwood. It had hardly died away when an amazing thing happened. A do
 lips thy favouring hand- Kiss it, my warrior- he hath fought to-day As if a god in hate of mankind had Destroyed i
scharge your Grace from being Regent I' th' parts of France, till term of eighteen months Be full expir'd. Thanks, uncl
ne faith. GLOUCESTER. Beside, my lord, the sooner to effect And surer bind this knot of amity, The Earl of Armagnac, near knit to Charles, A man of grea
odley since. "And now, Mr. Holmes, I come at last to the special thing which has caused me to ask your advice to-day. You must know that every Saturday forenoon I ride on my bicycle 
 at my lovely Tamora's entreats, I do remit these young men's heinous faults. Stand up. Lavinia, though you left 
ope," he said. "You remember me." The Mormon looked at him with undisguised astonishment--indeed, it was difficult to recognize in this tattered, unke
is now begrimed and black As mine own face. If there be cords or knives, Poison or fire, or suffocating streams, I'll not endure it. Would I were satisfied! IAGO. I 
m; had my desire, Finger'd their packet, and in fine withdrew To mine own room again; making so bold (My fears forgetting m
rown-and-white in color, with a very clumsy waddling gait. It accepted after some hesitation a lump of sugar which the old naturalist handed to me, and, having th
 for me the microbe. There are my prisons," he continued, pointing to a row of bottles and jars which stood upon a side table. "Among those gelatine cultiva
 His borrowed purse. Well, Jessica, go in; Perhaps I will return immediately. Do as I bid you, shut doors after you. Fast bind, fast find- A proverb never stale in thrifty mind. Exit JESSICA. 
ow and carefully examined that which was uppermost. "It is a pity he did not write in pencil," said he, throwing them down again with a shrug of disappointment. "As you have no doubt
ghts with. I will seek Some way to leave him. Exit ACT_4|SC_1 ACT IV. SCENE I. CAESAR'S camp before Alexandria Enter CAE
their masters' bosoms. Thus Margaret's curse falls heavy on my neck. 'When he' quoth she 'shall split thy heart with sor
 that anything dishonourable would be repugnant to her." "Have you her photograph?" "I brought this with me." H
l your thoughts, my gentle queen. PORTIA. In terms of choice I am not solely led By nice direction of a maiden's eyes; Bes
le- Thus by Apollo's great divine seal'd up- Shall the contents discover, something rare Even then will rush to knowledge. Go; fresh h
ONIO. True; save means to live. SEBASTIAN. Of that there's none, or little. GONZALO. How lush and lusty the gr
ght it was father," said she with a pleasing little touch of a German accent. "Did you come to see him? He is downtown. I expect him back every minu
ain us much beyond our thoughts, Which makes me sweat with wrath. Come on, my fellows. He that retires, I'll take him for a Volsce, And he shall feel mine edge. Alarum. The Romans are beat back to t
 Inspector Martin from Norwich has just passed through. But maybe you are the surgeons. She's not dead--or wasn't by last accounts. You may be in time to save her yet--though it be fo
nd letters, so completely absorbed in his task that he had evidently forgotten my presence. Sometimes he was making progress and whis
 Yorkshire overthrown. The manner and true order of the fight This packet, please it you, contains at large. KING. And wherefore should these good news m
un-colored, with an occasional church tower to mark the site of some old-world village. In every direction upon these moor
ere a sufficient briber for his life. FIRST SENATOR. What's that? ALCIBIADES. Why, I say, my lords, has done fair service, And slain in fight ma
stay too long from her; The morning wears, 'tis time we were at church. TRANIO. See not your bride in these unreverent robes; Go to my chamber, put on clothes of mine. PETRUCHIO. Not I, believe me;
t him talk no more. SUFFOLK. Come, soldiers, show what cruelty ye can, That this my death may never be forgot- Great men oft die
urtal and his furniture My mouth no more were broken than these boys', And writ as little beard. KING. Peruse them well. Not one of those but had a noble father. HELENA. Gentlemen, Heaven hath throu
 your own state take care. This dream of mine- Being now awake, I'll queen it no inch farther, But milk my ewes and weep. CAMILLO. Why, how now, father! Speak ere thou diest. SHEPHE
nd. We cannot but think that it supplies an argument to those who would wish to see our detectives more decentralized, 
at's not so. O, she is lame! Love's heralds should be thoughts, Which ten times faster glide than the sun's beams Driving back shadows over low'ring hills. Therefore do nimble-pinion
s Honoria Westphail, who lives near Harrow, and we were occasionally allowed to pay short visits at this lady's house. Julia went there at Christmas two
 mind That, through the sight I bear in things to come, I have abandon'd Troy, left my possession, Incurr'd a traitor's name, expos
s has involved me in extra trouble, however, and I must ask you for a further advance of five hundred pounds. I will not trust it to the post, nor w
ail not of my cunning. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WO
GNIER. Salisbury is a desperate homicide; He fighteth as one weary of his life. The other lords, like lions wanting food, Do rush upon us as their hungry 
'd, whose counsel I will implore. If not, i' th' name of God, Your pleasure be fulfill'd! WOLSEY. You have here, lady, And of your choice, these reverend fathers-men Of singular i
' English crown. RIVERS. But, madam, where is Warwick then become? QUEEN ELIZABETH. I am inform'd that he comes towards London To set the 
hn Falstaff. PRINCE. By heaven, Poins, I feel me much to blame So idly to profane the precious time, When tempest of co
 springs from despair. If there was nothing else left to him, he could at least devote his life to reven
under some simple disguise like this. You got my wire?" "Yes; that was what brought me here." "How has your case prospered?" "It
hich he could have gone." Holmes chuckled and rubbed his hands. "This case certainly presents some features of its own," said he. "How much time elapsed between you
! what's the matter? FLUELLEN. My Lord of Warwick, here is- praised be God for it!- a most contagious treason come to light, look you, as you shall desire in a summer's day. He
ke no use, If you give place to accidental evils. BRUTUS. No man bears sorrow better. Portia is dead. CASSIUS. Ha? Po
at the Bar of Gold, in Upper Swandam Lane. But what was she to do? How could she, a young and timid woman, make her way int
e sword! And I myself, Rather than bloody war shall cut them short, Will parley with Jack Cade their general. Bu
ecreant limbs. AUSTRIA. Well, ruffian, I must pocket up these wrongs, Because- BASTARD. Your breeches best may carry them. KING JOHN. Philip, what say'st thou to the Cardinal? CONST
hen I'd ask for nothing better," said McMurdo. "By Gar! you've got an Irish tongue in your head anyhow," cried the saloon-kee
t my man Williams might be able to see you first. I have complete confidence in his discretion, and he had orders, if 
ARDIAN. Death of one person can be paid but once, And that she has discharg'd. What thou wouldst do I
k of state Was a deep envious one. FIRST GENTLEMAN. At his return No doubt he will requite it. This is noted, 
ons. She's not dead--or wasn't by last accounts. You may be in time to save her yet--though it be for the gallows." Holm
 all night chained up in the filthy convict-huts, bitten by mosquitoes, racked with ague, bullied by every cursed black-faced policeman who loved to take
I yield to that suggestion Whose horrid image doth unfix my hair And make my seated heart knock at my ribs, Against the use of nature? Presen
eliver'd letters, spite of intermission, Which presently they read; on whose contents, They summon'd up their meiny, straight took horse,
r out. Musgrave still stood with a very pale face, swinging his lantern and peering down into the hole. "'These are coin
 no room for a mistake," he answered. "The very first thing which I observed on arriving there was that a cab had made two ruts with its wheels close to the curb. Now, up to last night,
 Is yonder the man? LE BEAU. Even he, madam. CELIA. Alas, he is too young; yet he looks successfully. FREDERICK. H
ng Holmes. It was finally agreed, however, that he should retain the young Swiss messenger with him as guide and companion while I ret
t in sufferance. Exit a MESSENGER QUEEN. Royal sir, Since the exile of Posthumus, most retir'd Hath her life been; the
ar run here of seventy minutes," Holmes remarked. "I want you, Mr. Hall Pycroft, to tell my friend your very interesting experience exactly 
- that the Queen is spotless I' th' eyes of heaven and to you- I mean In this which you accuse her. ANTIGO
d that, especially as, rather against the strict rules of your order, you use an arc-and-compass breast
. DUMAIN. [Aside to BOYET] He may not by the yard. ARMADO. This Hector far surmounted Hannibal- COSTARD. The party is gone, fello
. PROCULEIUS. Be of good cheer; Y'are fall'n into a princely hand; fear nothing. Make your full reference freely to my lo
lead to fight Against that great magician, damn'd Glendower, Whose daughter, as we hear, the Earl of March Hath lately marr
d let us not be dainty of leave-taking, But shift away. There's warrant in that theft Which steals itself when there
'Tis hard to reconcile. Enter a Doctor. MALCOLM. Well, more anon. Comes the King forth, I pray you? DOCTOR. Ay, sir, there are
 DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1595 THE TWO GENTLEMEN OF VERONA by William Shakespeare DRAMATIS PERSONAE DUKE OF MILAN, father to Silvia VALENTINE, one of t
e, Bound for the prize of (all too precious) you, That did my ripe thoughts in my brain inhearse, Makin
reath or pen can give expressure to. All the commerce that you have had with Troy As perfectly is ours as yours, my lord
et. "Well, I have drawn my circle, and I only wish I knew at what point upon it the folk that we are in sear
d will now answer me," she explained. "All day I have waited to hear from him, for he often likes to be alone; but an hour ago I feared that something was amiss, so I wen
him to a peace; He hath not told us of the captain yet. When that is known, and golden time convents, A solemn combination shall be m
ow you for no less. KING EDWARD. Why, and I challenge nothing but my dukedom, As being well content with that alone. GLOUCESTER. [As
 benefits forgot; Though thou the waters warp, Thy sting is not so sharp As friend rememb'red not. Heigh-ho! sing, &c. DUKE SENIOR. If that you were
t can my part in him advertise. Hold, therefore, Angelo- In our remove be thou at full ourself; Mortalit
 Jerusalem shall Harry die. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS 
elopments which may occur. I trust that I shall soon have to congratulate you upon a successful conclusion. Come, Watson, I fancy t
 attend the Emperor's person carefully. I have been troubled in my sleep this night, But dawning day new comfort hath inspir'd. Here a cry of hounds, and wind horns in a peal. Then e
aise my noble act. I hear him mock The luck of Caesar, which the gods give men To excuse their after wrath. Husband
ty ribs of this contemptuous city. I'd play incessantly upon these jades, Even till unfenced desolation Leave them as naked as t
would see, which will be merely a dumb show. Let us send her to call him in to dinner. Exeunt [Don Pedro, Claudio, and Leonato]. [Benedick adv
s we do wear. Sight may distinguish of colours; but suddenly to nominate them all, it is impossible. My lords, Saint Alban here hath done a miracle; and would ye not think his cunning to be great th
indeed, But am in that dimension grossly clad Which from the womb I did participate. Were you a woma
ght proud Of that most delicate lodging. By my life, I kiss'd it; and it gave me present hunger To feed again, though full. You do remember This stain upon 
u. Upon which errand I now go toward him; therefore, follow me, And mark what way I make. Come, good my lord. Exeunt SCENE II. Sicilia. B
eived From him that fled some strange indignity, Which patience could not pass. OTHELLO. I know, Iago, Thy honesty and love doth mince this matter, Making it light t
 toward my heart! Hysterica passio! Down, thou climbing sorrow! Thy element's below! Where is this daughter? Kent. With the Earl, sir, here
 have supp'd full with horrors; Direness, familiar to my slaughterous thoughts, Cannot once start me. Re-enter Seyton. Wherefore was that cry? SEYTON. The Que
omen on to this complaint. Your provost knows the place where he abides, And he may fetch him. DUKE. Go, do it instantly. Exit PROVOST And
E ADVENTURE OF BLACK PETER I have never known my friend to be in better form, both mental and physical, than in t
rchard, where, in an arbour, we will eat a last year's pippin of mine own graffing, with a dish of caraways, and so forth. Come, cousin Silence. And then to b
e rifles. The men were disarmed. Sulky, sheepish, and amazed, they still sat round the table. "I'd like to say a word to
at's soon perform'd, because I am a subject. KING EDWARD. Why, then, thy husband's lands I freely give thee. LADY GREY. I take my leave with many thousand thanks. GLOUCESTER. The match is made; she
 son. "I have told you that Mr. Blessington generally chose this hour of the day for his exercise. He came
here was in him a certain wanton and cruel humour which made his name a byword through the West. It chanced that this Hugo came to love (if, indeed, so dark a passion may be known under so bright
ings for those deductive methods of reasoning by which he achieved such remarkable results. The story has, I believe, been told more than once in the newspapers, but, like all su
r feet. LUCY. Is Talbot slain-the Frenchmen's only scourge, Your kingdom's terror and black Nemesis? O, were mine eye-bans into bullets turn'd, That I in rage might shoot them at your f
 shadows for true substances. TITUS. Come, take away. Lavinia, go with me; I'll to thy closet, and go read
that can my part in him advertise. Hold, therefore, Angelo- In our remove be thou at full ourself; Mortality and mer
r before his ent'ring that, if any crave redress of injustice, they should exhibit their petitions in the street? ESCALUS. He
and found my other neighbor to be a young fellow in much the same position as myself, whose crime had been forgery. His name was 
 without any premonition of evil?" "None at all." "I am not clear how you came to hear the news so early t
ably enlarge the two limited titles of our village inns by giving us 'The Dangling Prussian' as a signpost. The Englishman is a patient creature, but at 
ems not meet, nor wholesome to my place, To be produced- as, if I stay, I shall- Against the Moor; for I do know, th
eturn with me again To push destruction and perpetual shame Out of the weak door of our fainting land. Straight let u
he precious treasure of his eyesight lost. Show me a mistress that is passing fair, What doth her beauty serve but as a note Where I may read who pas
 camest, sir? [Aside] I smell the trick on't. FLORIZEL. Dispatch, I prithee. AUTOLYCUS. Indeed, I have had earnest; but I cannot with conscience take it. CA
arison. Hadst thou beheld- MARCIUS. Pray now, no more; my mother, Who has a charter to extol her blood, When she does pr
land Were busied with a Whitsun morris-dance; For, my good liege, she is so idly king'd, Her sceptre so fantastically borne By a vain, giddy, shallow, humorous youth, That fear attends her not. C
ar away, a black dot, we could see a vehicle moving in our direction. Holmes gave an exclamation of impa
 hand, recalled Holmes' surmise as to his habits. His rusty black frock-coat was buttoned right up in front, with the collar turned up, 
in heaven! How! 'Tis gone. Pisanio, All curses madded Hecuba gave the Greeks, And mine to boot, be darted on thee! Tho
 KING HENRY. Welcome, brave captain and victorious lord! When I was young, as yet I am not old, I do reme
put out the light and returned to my room. "'For two days after this Brunton was most assiduous in his 
buke. He was a fool, For he would needs be virtuous: that good fellow, If I command him, follows my appointment. I will have none so near else. Learn this, brother, We live n
cut off like that? What does he mean by using a shotgun when silence was his one chance of escape? Come, Mr. Holmes, it's up 
rmidable assailant. The ruffian Woodley was a very different person, but, except on one occasion, he had not molested
nt To climb his happiness, would be well express'd In our condition. POET. Nay, sir, but hear me on. All those which
chantress, hold thy tongue. PUCELLE. I prithee give me leave to curse awhile. YORK. Curse, miscreant, 
ld unclew me quite. JEWELLER. My lord, 'tis rated As those which sell would give; but you well know Things of like value, differin
ounds no more; and sure it waits upon Some god o' th' island. Sitting on a bank, Weeping again the King my fa
at I want to ascertain. You know, I suppose, that unless the matter is cleared up, Mrs. Barclay, who is an old friend of yours, will in all probability be tried for murder." The 
ght, Mr. Holmes," cried our client. "A thousand things come back to me which make me certain that you have hit it. Oh, let us lose not an in
nd on murder; And whatsoever cunning fiend it was That wrought upon thee so preposterously Hath got the voice i
annot remove nor choke the strong conception That I do groan withal. Thou art to die. DESDEMONA. Then Lord have mercy on m
 unfortunate victim--and so he ruined all. Let us descend, Lestrade. There are just one or two questions that I would ask him." The malignant creature was seated in his o
y mantled pool beyond your cell, There dancing up to th' chins, that the foul lake O'erstunk their feet. PROSPERO. This was well done, my bird. Thy shape invisible retain thou still.
the radiant sun and solace I' th' dungeon by a snuff? IMOGEN. I pray you, sir, Deliver with more openness your answers To my demands. Why do you p
ity of a criminal investigator that he should see through a disguise." "But this is marvellous. It might be his portrait." "Yes, it is an int
ack, But better look'd into, he truly found It was against your Highness; whereat griev'd, That so his sickness, age, and impotence Was falsely borne in hand, sends out arres
Apemantus? APEMANTUS. Not so well as plain dealing, which will not cost a man a doit. TIMON. What dost thou think 'tis wor
, Watson. The fall roared beneath me. I am not a fanciful person, but I give you my word that I seemed to hear Moriarty's vo
 of that madness. Let 't alone. PAULINA. I am sorry, sir, I have thus far stirr'd you; but I could afflict you farth
. Well, officer, arrest him at my suit. OFFICER. I do; and charge you in the Duke's name to obey me. ANGELO. This touches me in reputation. Either consent to pay th
 miscall retire. I do not fly; but advantageous care Withdrew me from the odds of multitude. Have at thee. THERSITES. Hold thy whore, Grecian; now 
l his frenzy. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Thou hast suborn'd the goldsmith to arrest me. ADRIANA. Alas, I sent you money to redeem you, By Dromio here, who came i
n stop a disastrous scandal. You will see how impossible it is for me to go to Dartmoor." "Whom would you recommend, then?" Holmes laid his hand upon my arm. 
break out into terms of rage! Reveng'd may she be on that hateful Duke, Whose haughty spirit, winged with desire, Will cost my crown, and like an em
eeks, That I may kindly give one fainting kiss. And now declare, sweet stem from York's great stock, Why didst thou say of
ste With such discourse as, I not doubt, shall make it Go quick away-the story of my life, And the particular accidents gone by Since I came to th
 what's else rare is chok'd; and in that point I will conclude to hate her, nay, indeed, To be reveng'd upon her. For when fools Shal
HESUS. In verity, you did. My bones bear witness, That since have felt the vigour of his rage. ADRIANA. Is't good to soothe him in these contraries? PINCH. It is no shame; t
head. It's easy to see a man who is master of his own house. I suppose you haven't such a thing as a carriage in your stables?" "No; I 
As Hercules Did shake down mellow fruit. You have made fair work! BRUTUS. But is this true, sir? COMINIUS. Ay; and you'll look pale Bef
y?" "Arthur does. Mary and I stay at home. We neither of us care for it." "That is unusual in a young girl." "She 
l has been in my employment I never once let her go past this house, where I knew these rascals were lurking, 
l remain in Birmingham and make yourself useful.' "'How?' "For answer, he took a big red book out of a drawer. "'This is a directory of Paris,' said he, 'with the tr
 [Aside] Yet so my fancy may be satisfied, And peace established between these realms. But there remains a scruple in that t
aken, whom we wont to fear; Remaineth none but mad-brain'd Salisbury, And he may well in fretting spend his gall Nor men nor m
hange! THESEUS. It appears, by his small light of discretion, that he is in the wane; but yet, in courte
 cannot instantly raise up the gross Of full three thousand ducats. What of that? Tubal, a wealthy Hebrew of my tribe, Will furnish me. But soft! how many months Do you desire? [To ANTONIO] Rest yo
ve no doubt that it is your husband's hand, madam?" "None. Neville wrote those words." "And they were posted to-day at Gravesend. Well, Mrs. St. Clair, the clouds lighten, thou
 if I am not mistaken I hear him upon the stair, so we shall have something more interesting than his pipe to study." An instant later our door op
erical sob. "It does me good to see you. Oh, but I have been sorely tried this day!" Our companion patted her thin, work-worn hand, and murmured some few words of kindly womanly comfort which br
ess- said I well?-and thy name shall be Brook. It is a merry knight. Will you go, Mynheers? SHALLOW. Have with you, mine host. PAGE. I have heard t
deed! That is interesting," said Holmes. "Oh, yes! In a hundred other ways he has helped him. Everybody about here speaks of his kindness to h
 Besides, I'll make a present recompense. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993
oung and unknown man, a fee which would buy an opinion from the very heads of your profession. Still, of course,
ruit, true heir to th' English crown. RIVERS. But, madam, where is Warwick then become? QUEEN ELIZABETH. I am inform'd that he comes towards London To set the c
ark him out from amid the common crowd of mendicants and so, too, does his wit, for he is ever ready with a reply to any
eivable sequel, which afforded me the greatest shock and surprise of any event in my adventurous life. Even now, after this long interva
l see your pal again presently," said Jones. "He's quicker at climbing down holes than I am. Just hold out while I fix the derb
 And ever shall With true observance seek to eke out that Wherein toward me my homely stars have fail'd To equal my great fortune. BERTRAM. Le
ope's Court looked like a coster's orange barrow. I should not have thought there were so many in the whole country as 
ain. COUNTESS. An end, sir! To your business: give Helen this, And urge her to a present answer back; Commend me to my kin
at gentleman looks! I never can see him but I am heart-burn'd an hour after. Hero. He is of a very m
. Thou know'st how willingly I would effect The match between Sir Thurio and my daughter. PROTEUS. I do, my lord. DUKE. And also, I think, tho
 was deadly still. A vague feeling of uneasiness began to steal over me. Who were these German people, and what wer
wenty-nine years, come peascod-time; but an honester and truer-hearted man -well fare thee well. BARDOLPH. [ Within] Mis
"You seemed interested last night, Mr. Holmes, so I thought perhaps you would be glad to be present now that the affair has t
 nature Hath in him closed, whereby he does receive Particular addition, from the bill That writes them all alike; and so of men. Now if you have a st
 over in the minute and yet abstracted fashion which was peculiar to him. "Do you not find," he said, "that with you
ooked over it again with a convex lens. "Interesting, though elementary," said he as he returned to his favourite corner of th
muse we met not with the Dauphin's grace, His new-come champion, virtuous Joan of Arc, Nor any of his false confederates. BEDFORD. '
time, at still midnight, Walk round about an oak, with great ragg'd horns; And there he blasts the tree,
n, And bury all which yet distinctly ranges In heaps and piles of ruin. SICINIUS. This deserves death. BRUTUS. Or 
 not distinguish." Holmes gave an ejaculation of impatience. "It has been pouring rain and blowing a hurricane e
upon our Romans, whose remembrance Is yet fresh in their grief. POSTHUMUS. I do believe Statist though I am none, nor like to be, That this wil
 without it. But a second consideration struck me. Jonathan Small must have felt that the peculiar appearance of his companion, however much he may h
town; Therefore away, to get our stuff aboard. <Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PR
Ajax. He will be the ninth Worthy. A conqueror and afeard to speak! Run away for shame, Alisander. [Sir Nathaniel retires] There, an't shall please you, a foolish mil
shortly after Sir Charles settled. But my tastes led me to explore every part of the country round, and I should think that there are few men who know it better
hine That they may fairly note this act of mine! Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRI
 greeting? Speak, I charge you. Witches vanish. BANQUO. The earth hath bubbles as the water has, And these a
he bonny beast he lov'd so well. Enter OLD CLIFFORD WARWICK. Of one or both of us the time is come. YORK. Hold, Warwick, seek thee out some other chase, For I myself 
s sound; we shall to't presently. FIRST LORD. I hope it remains not unkindly with your lordship that I return'd you an empty m
d I were left without a relation in the world except one uncle, Ralph Smith, who went to Africa twenty-five years ago, and we have never had a wo
hy the missing ring?" "Quite so." "And why no arrest? It's past two now. I take it for granted that since dawn every constable within forty
 Hall. Baskerville. The second: Visited twenty-three hotels as directed, but sorry to report unable to t
eauty of thy days. 63 Against my love shall be as I am now With Time's injurious hand crushed and o'
in, Lest Hector or my father should perceive me, I have, as when the sun doth light a storm, Buried this sigh in wrinkle of a smile. But sorrow that is couc
 serpent's curse! For if she be not honest, chaste, and true, There's no man happy; the purest of their wives Is foul as slander. OTHELLO. Bid her come h
PRINCE OF WALES. Nay, take away this scolding crookback rather. KING EDWARD. Peace, wilful boy, or I will charm your tongue. CLARENCE. Untutor'd lad, thou art too malap
 more noble. Now his son, Henry the Eighth, life, honour, name, and all That made me happy, at one stroke has taken For ever from
brow was clouded, and he sat down with an air of deep dejection. "No, thank you, sir. I breakfasted before I came round. I spent the night in town,
s CHARLES. Had York and Somerset brought rescue in, We should have found a bloody day of this. BASTARD. How the young whelp of Talbot's, raging wood, Did flesh his puny sw
ddressing my companion. "Miss Mary Morstan," he read. "Hum! I have no recollection of the name. Ask the
gummed, if I am not very much in error, by a person who had been chewing tobacco. And you have no doubt that it is your husband's hand, madam?" "None. Neville wrote those w
 commend me to them both. There's my purse; I am yet thy debtor. Boy, go along with this woman. [Exeunt QUICKLY and ROBIN] This ne
stopp'd; Honest Iago hath ta'en order for't. DESDEMONA. O, my fear interprets! What, is he dead? OTHELLO. Had all his hairs
much more, that no Italian priest Shall tithe or toll in our dominions; But as we under heaven are supreme head, So
ssue disinherited should be; And, for my name of George begins with G, It follows in his thought that I am he. These, as I learn, and such like toys as these Hath m
 duty cannot be silent when I think your Highness wrong'd. Lear. Thou but rememb'rest me of mine own conception. I have perceived a most faint neglect of late, which 
I had the hint from Holmes that this smooth-faced pawnbroker's assistant was a formidable man--a man who m
f sensationalism, while offering a fair field for his talents. It is, however, unfortunately impossible entirely to 
and stir As life were in't. I have supp'd full with horrors; Direness, familiar to my slaughterous thoughts, Cannot once start me. Re-enter Seyt
 CONSTANCE. Let me make answer: thy usurping son. ELINOR. Out, insolent! Thy bastard shall be king, That thou mayst be a
his prince's name, In deeds dishonourable? You have ta'en up, Under the counterfeited zeal of God, The subjects of His substitute, my father, And 
reat in fame as she was, And so stand fix'd. Peace, plenty, love, truth, terror, That were the servants to this chosen infant, Shall then be his,
yet I cannot put off my opinion so easily. She was in his company at Page's house, and what they made there I know not. Well, I will look f
rt. "One bumper," said he, "to the success of our little expedition. And now it is high time we were off. Hav
buse me. EMILIA. As I! foh! fie upon thee! IAGO. Kind gentlemen, let's go see poor Cassio dress'd. Come, mistress, you must t
these men, and it is bent against Caesar. If thou beest not immortal, look about you. Security gives way to conspiracy. The mighty gods defend t
NGER. The Count Melun is slain; the English lords By his persuasion are again fall'n off, And your supply, which you have wish'd so long, Are cast 
re The sun that looks upon his worshipper But knows of him no more. My dearest madam, Let not your hate encounter with my love, For loving where you do; bu
e success. THE MEMOIRS OF SHERLOCK HOLMES SILVER BLAZE "I am afraid, Watson, that I shall have to go," said Holmes, as we sat down together to our breakfast one morning. "Go! Where to?" "To Dartmoor
eye or savage heart Without control lusted to make a prey. Nay, for a need, thus far come near my person: Tell them, when that my mother went with 
 admired my friend's courage, but never more than now, as he sat quietly checking off a series of incidents which must have combined to make up a day of horror. "You will spend th
rejoice; a gentleman of all temperance. But leave we him to his events, with a prayer they may prove prosperous;
so safely, had it Been all the worth of's car. Away to Britain Post I in this design. Well may you, sir, Remember me at court, where I was taught Of you
unt JAQUES, TOUCHSTONE, and AUDREY MARTEXT. 'Tis no matter; ne'er a fantastical knave of them all shall flout me ou
" she panted. "No, Mrs. Straker. But Mr. Holmes here has come from London to help us, and we shall do all that is possible." "Surely I met you in Pl
G. I say they shall not come. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Nay, my good lord, let me o'errule you now. That sport best pleases that doth least know how; Where zeal striv
ns, Honest Ventidius! You mistake my love; I gave it freely ever; and there's none Can truly say he gives, if he receives. If our betters play at that game, we must not 
ith weeping tears 'Wear these for my sake.' We that are true lovers run into strange capers; but as all is mortal in nature, so is al
 better than play'd the Jack with us. TRINCULO. Monster, I do smell all horse-piss at which my nose is in great indignation. STEPHANO. So is mine. Do 
uth? I am Thane of Cawdor. If good, why do I yield to that suggestion Whose horrid image doth unfix my hair And make my seated heart knock at my ribs, Against the
ir. Some good man bear him carefully from hence; I'll fetch the general's surgeon. [To Bianca.] For you, mistress, Save you your labor. He that lie
mplation makes a rare turkey-cock of him; how he jets under his advanc'd plumes! AGUECHEEK. 'Slight, I could so beat the rogue- SIR TOBY. Peace, I say. MALVOLIO. T
u. Exeunt Banquo. and Fleance. MACBETH. Go bid thy mistress, when my drink is ready, She strike upon the bell. Get thee
h the King had stretched out to him, he set off in my company for his chambers. And that was how a great scandal threat
rguments of fear, Set forth in your pursuit. SEBASTIAN. My kind Antonio, I can no other answer make but thanks, And tha
iven some surgical assistance, and which has made him a small presentation in return." "Really, Watson, you excel yourself," said Holmes, pushin
less stains, Lame, foolish, crooked, swart, prodigious, Patch'd with foul moles and eye-offending marks, I would not care, I then wou
CE. At the Duke's oak we meet. BOTTOM. Enough; hold, or cut bow-strings. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD L
r To climb celestial Silvia's chamber window, Myself in counsel, his competitor. Now presently I'll give her father notice Of 
ng to devour the way, Staying no longer question. NORTHUMBERLAND. Ha! Again: Said he young Harry Percy's spur was cold? Of Hotspur, Coldspur? that rebellio
 Their kingdom's loss, my woeful banishment, Should all but answer for that peevish brat? Can curses pierce the clouds and enter heaven? Why then, give
 really been placed in Barrymore's own hands. Be the answer what it might, I should at least have something to report to Sherlock Holmes. Sir Henry had numerous pap
 and unemotional brother. Yet he also gives the idea of hidden fires. He has certainly a very marked influence over her, for I have seen her continually glance at him as 
head. The figure broke into fragments, and Holmes bent eagerly over the shattered remains. Next instant, with a loud shout of triumph, he held up one splinter, in which a round, dark object w
llow says; I pray you pardon me; he's a justice of peace in his country, simple though I stand here. EVANS. But that is not the question
rough thy wild behaviour I be misconst'red in the place I go to And lose my hopes. GRATIANO. Signior Bassanio, hear me: If I do not put on a sober habit, Talk with respect, and swear but now an
r, I profit in the knowledge of myself, and by my friends I am abused; so that, conclusions to be as kisses, if your four negatives 
eat down our foes, And fame in time to come canonize us; For I presume brave Hector would not lose So rich advantage of a promis'd glory As smiles upon the forehead of th
is hellish mischief unawares, That hardly we escap'd the pride of France. Exit An alarum; excursions. BEDFORD brought in sick in a chair. Enter TALBOT and BURGUND
heer appall'd. Hath the late overthrow wrought this offence? Be not dismay'd, for succour is at hand. A holy maid hither with me I bring, Which, by a vision sent to her 
end, are in; and sends me forth- For else his project dies-to keep them living. [Sings in GONZALO'S ear] While you here do snoring lie, Open-ey'd conspiracy His time doth take. If of life 
ul marriage. QUEEN MARGARET. [Aside] If that go forward, Henry's hope is done. WARWICK. [To BONA] And, gracious madam, in our king's behalf, I am commanded, with your leave and favour,
EN. [Reads] 'He is one of the noblest note, to whose kindnesses I am most infinitely tied. Reflect upon him accordingly, as you value your trust. LEONATUS.' So far I 
 to this our suffering country Under a hand accursed! LORD. I'll send my prayers with him. Exeunt. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WOR
e? Hor. That can I. At least, the whisper goes so. Our last king, Whose image even but now appear'd to us, Was, as you know, by Fortinbras of Norway, Thereto prick'd on by a most emulate pride, Dar
 friend in a singular way. "There were," said he, "one or two very remarkable things. Perhaps when I have finished at the police-station you would care to come out and give me your opinion of 
definitely, for example, that some murder has been done by a man who was smoking an Indian lunkah, it obviously narrows your field of search. To the trained eye there is as
te begins to threat, Whiles thou, a moral fool, sit'st still, and criest 'Alack, why does he so?' Alb. See thyself, devil! Proper deformity seems not in the fiend So horrid as in wom
 And grapple thee unto a pagan shore, Where these two Christian armies might combine The blood of malice in a vein of league, And not to spend
 against the glare." "Well, and what happened when Mr. Windibank, your stepfather, returned to France?" "Mr. Hosmer Angel came to the house agai
 and I am here No richer in return. TIMON. Is't true? Can't be? FLAVIUS. They answer, in a joint and corporate voi
 and for months we dug and delved in every part of the garden, without discovering its whereabouts. It was maddening to think that the
 and grief of heart Makes him speak fondly, like a frantic man; Yet he is come. Enter the KING, and his attendants, below BOLINGBROKE. Sta
 and he leaned forward in intense excitement. Then suddenly came a low guggling, gargling sound, and 
 and if my fortune be not crost, I have a father, you a daughter, lost. Exit SCENE VI. Venice. Before SHYLOCK'S house Enter the maskers, GRATIANO and SALER
 and in person. In age he may have been about fifty, with a strong-jawed, rugged face, a grizzling moustache, peculiarly keen gray eyes, and a wiry, vigorous figure 
 and the strangest fancies and surmises crowded into it. Every time that I closed my eyes I saw before me the distorted baboon-like countenance of the murdered man. So sinister was the 
 and trumpets DUKE. The General of our Horse thou art; and we, Great in our hope, lay our best love and credence Upon th
 and we rejoice in them? BUCKINGHAM. Still live they, and for ever let them last! KING RICHARD. Ah, Buckingham, now do I play the touch, To try if t
 and you can remove your man. If you want me for the trial, my address and that of Watson will be somewhere in Norway--I'll
 are mad!" he cried. "You are talking insanely. I helped her to escape? Where is she now?" "She is there," said Holmes, and he pointed to a high bookcase in the corner of the room. I saw the old
 deep and dreadful organ-pipe, pronounc'd The name of Prosper; it did bass my trespass. Therefore my son i' th' ooze is bedded; and I'll seek him deeper than 
 for two special reasons, Which may to you, perhaps, seein much unsinew'd, But yet to me they are strong. The Queen his mother Lives almost by his looks; and for myself,- My virtue
 had received no less than 26s. 4d. "I wrote my articles and thought little more of the matter until, some time later, I backed a bill for a friend and had a writ served upon me for 2
 his bond. SALERIO. Why, I am sure, if he forfeit, thou wilt not take his flesh. What's that good for? SHYLOC
 just.' We simply can't afford to wait for the police or to keep within the four corners of the law. You can drive off, cabby. Now, Watson, we'll just take our l
 knowledge Is not infected; but if one present Th' abhorr'd ingredient to his eye, make known How he hath drunk, he cracks his gorge, his sides, With vi
 not live. No, my heart is turned to stone; I strike it, and it hurts my hand. O, the world hath not a sweeter creature. She might lie by
 our dead, and then to bury them; To sort our nobles from our common men; For many of our princes- woe t
 persuasion could ever induce him to set up a female establishment after the manner of his companions. He never gave reasons for this persistent refus
 she in chains of magic were not bound, Whether a maid so tender, fair, and happy, So opposite to marriage that she shunn'd The wealthy, curled darlings o
 she is; but if she have forgot Honour and virtue, and convers'd with such As, like to pitch, defile nob
 the King's tavern. Gads. There's enough to make us all. Fal. To be hang'd. Prince. Sirs, you four shall front them in the narrow lane; Ned Poins a
 the Nets "We're at close grips at last," said Holmes as we walked together across the moor. "What a nerve the fel
 the black rocks, and listening to the half-human shout which came booming up with the spray out of the abyss. The path has been
 the corruption of a blemish'd stock; Whiles in the mildness of your sleepy thoughts, Which here we waken to our coun
 the death of the unfortunate convict did not help us much in proving murder against our man. There seemed to be no alternative but to catch him red-handed, and to do so we 
 the extreme peril of the case, The peace of England and our persons' safety, Enforc'd us to this execution? MAYOR. Now, fair befall you! He deserv'd his death; And your good Graces both
 the grace and kindliness with which she waited upon the injured man. And yet it would be the blackest treachery t
 the justness of each act Such and no other than event doth form it; Nor once deject the courage of our minds B
 the kitchen window?" Holmes twisted himself round upon the sofa to get a fairer view of the man's excited face. "See here, sir! See what my wife found in its crop!" He held out
 the least sign of the missing man. It was incredible to me that he could have gone away leaving all his property behind him, a
 the loss of whom I lov'd. Five summers have I spent in farthest Greece, Roaming clean through the bounds of Asia, And, coast
 the manner described. It was just half-past ten by the hall clock. "Let me see," said Holmes, seating himself on Staunton's bed. 
 the middle. In this space lay a large and heavy flagstone with a rusted iron ring in the centre to which a thick shepherd's-c
 the ooze and bottom of the sea With sunken wreck and sumless treasuries. WESTMORELAND. But there's a saying, very old and true: 'If that you will Fra
 the quiet which had been the object of our journey; but one glance at his intense face and contracted eyebrows told me how vain was now the expectation. He sat for some little time in silence, a
 the same time most conducive to a display of those peculiar powers for which my friend was famous. As I turn over the pages I see my notes upon the repulsiv
 the sun rose slowly above the eastern horizon, the caps of the great mountains lit up one after the other, like lamps a
 the times should cease, And threescore year would make the world away: Let those whom nature hath not made 
 the trainer's house, that the immense significance of the curried mutton occurred to me. You may remember that
 the traitor and to avenge the death of their comrade upon him. Twice they tried to get at him and failed; a third time, you see, it came off. Is there anythin
 the truth. OTHELLO. She's like a liar gone to burning hell; 'Twas I that kill'd her. EMILIA. O, the more angel she, And you t
 the two chatting and laughing, with never a thought for me as I stood watching them from the footpath. "'
 them. Ham. No, not I! I never gave you aught. Oph. My honour'd lord, you know right well you did, And with them words of so sweet breath compos'd As made the things more r
 thy breath! [To RICHMOND] I died for hope ere I could lend thee aid; But cheer thy heart and be thou not dismay'd: God and good angels fight on Richmond's side; And Richard fa
 was aware of what had been said. This, of course, took the trail straight up to me. You've no idea the harm that it did me. There was nothing sof
 will'd. GLOUCESTER. Who willed you, or whose will stands but mine? There's none Protector of the realm but I. Bre
 you are a false thief. Gads. Go to; 'homo' is a common name to all men. Bid the ostler bring my gelding out of the stable. Farewell, you mudd
 you can endure the draught from a broken window, I think that half an hour in my study over a cigar may afford you some profitable amusement." Our old chambers had been left unchanged through 
 you for the loss. Your duties, as far as the child is concerned, are very light. Now do try to come, and I shall meet you with the do
 you have any news to-morrow. No doubt you will go to the prison to see James. Oh, if you do, Mr. Holmes, do tell him t
 you knew what it was that you were saying." He had seized Ettie's white hand between his own strong bro
 you see, The name and not the thing. BERTRAM. Both, both; o, pardon! HELENA. O, my good lord, when I was like this maid, I found you wondrous kind. The
 you this with a sad brow? or do you play the flouting Jack, to tell us Cupid is a good hare-finder and Vulcan a rare carpenter? Come, in what key shal
, of you; Dukes, earls, lords, gentlemen-indeed, of all. I do not know that Englishman alive With whom my soul is any jot at odd
ELLE and YORK fight hand to hand; LA PUCELLE is taken. The French fly YORK. Damsel of France, I think I have you fast. Unchain your spirit
ETH. Profan'd, dishonour'd, and the third usurp'd. KING RICHARD. I swear- QUEEN ELIZABETH. By nothin
Hath beat down enon; bastard Margarelon Hath Doreus prisoner, And stands colossus-wise, waving his beam, Upon the pashe
I'll observe his looks; I'll tent him to the quick. If he but blench, I know my course. The spirit that I have seen May be a devi
INE. You'll ne'er be friends with him: 'a kill'd your sister. KATHARINE. He made her melancholy, sad, and heavy; And so she died. Had she been light, like yo
LLA. Ho, by your leave! DUKE. Good morning to you, fair and gracious daughter. ISABELLA. The better, given me by so holy a man. Hath yet the deputy sent my brother's
PHERDESSES POLIXENES. Pray, good shepherd, what fair swain is this Which dances with your daughter? SHEPHERD. They call him Do
RCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE I. A house in Rome. Antony, Octavius, and
TABLE OF FRANCE, and others FRENCH KING. 'Tis certain he hath pass'd the river Somme. CONSTABLE. And if he be not fought withal, my lord, Let us not live
as a bulldog and as tenacious as a lobster if he gets his claws upon anyone. Here we are, and they are waiting for us." We had reached the same crowded thoroughfar
as restored and I had an opportunity of repairing my misfortune." "Well, that was reasonable and considerate," said Holmes. "C
as seventeen years of age. In the year 1878 my father, who was senior captain of his regiment, obtained twelve months' leave and came home. He 
at I give you is what I learned in business; so it goes no further. It's a queer cipher that you handle by the yard every day and can get 
borated, if it needed corroboration, by every detail which we see before us." He walked to the French window and threw it open. "There are no signs here, but the ground is iron hard, and 
court With thy unworthiness, thou diest. Away! Thou'rt poison to my blood. POSTHUMUS. The gods protect you, And bless the good remainders of the court! I am gone. Exit IM
d him out of the room. He slunk away with a livid face and two venomous eyes which uttered more threats than his tongue could do. I don't know what passed between the poor dad and him
d in an instant Stapleton was rushing with extraordinary energy and speed in pursuit of it. To my dismay the creature flew straight for the great mire, and
d inside I had a glimpse of a number of paper packets, each tied, sealed, and inscribed. Holmes picked one out, but it was hard to read by the flickering fir
e started in his chair and his eyes brightened. There had been a ring at the bell. A minute later we heard steps upon the stairs, and an elderly, 
e." "And how?" "In notes to Camberwell post-office." "Did you ever trouble to see who called for them?" "No." The inspector looked surprised and a little shocked
have ever listened to a more mysterious and inexplicable chain of events than those which have happened in my own fa
here there can be no eavesdropping." The explorer took his cigar from his lips and gazed sternly at my compan
here to school. Look where his master comes; 'tis a playing day, I see. Enter SIR HUGH EVANS How now, S
his king, and he should bow his knee. I was adopted heir by his consent: Since when, his oath is broke; for, as I hear, You that are King, though he do wear the crown, Have caus'd him b
horse, to horse; for thou and I Have thirty miles to ride yet ere dinner time. [Exit Poins.] Jack, meet me to-
ice. Do not bring police. If you do, all will be in vain. Your unknown friend.' Well, really, this is a
itnet) We would prefer to send you this information by email (Internet, Bitnet, Compuserve, ATTMAIL or MCImail). ****** If you have an FTP program (or e
iumph, Roman? Do you triumph? CASSIO. I marry her! What? A customer! I prithee, bear some charity to my wit; do not th
iving. COUNTESS. If the living be enemy to the grief, the excess makes it soon mortal. BERTRAM. Madam, I desire your holy wishes. L
ll the comfort The gods will diet me with. Prithee away! There's more to be consider'd; but we'll even All that
ng that I was contemplating the possibility of someone having in broad daylight, under the eyes of all thes
of those violent strains of the ankle which leave a man helpless. With difficulty he limped up to the door, where a squat, dark, elderly man was smoking 
on to nurse her lover, while brother Joseph, finding himself pretty snug, stayed on too. I've been m
our dog-cart?" "Yes, I can." "Then, Watson, we will postpone our breakfast. Mr. Roundhay, we are entirely at your disposal. Hurry--hurry, before things get disarranged."
rate grown By desperate appliance are reliev'd, Or not at all. Enter Rosencrantz. How now O What hath befall'n? Ros. Where the
rincely heart? Prince. So please your Majesty, I would I could Quit all offences with as clear excuse As well as I am doubtless I can purge
self may privilage your time To what you will, to you it doth belong, Your self to pardon of self-doing crime. I am to wait, though waiting so be hell, N
t he was deeply hurt by what he regarded as our desertion. "When do you desire to go?" he asked coldl
t you; when this burns, 'Twill weep for having wearied you. My father Is hard at study; pray, now, rest yourself; He's safe for these three 
that I could not doubt that some grave and deep reason lay behind it. I resisted all pressure to stay for lunch, and 
that no living man has any right to it, unless it is three men who are in the Andaman convict-barracks and myself. I know now that I cannot 
that that without thy bosom? Yea, look'st thou pale? Let me see the writing. AUMERLE. My lord, 'tis nothing. YORK. No matter, then, who see it. I will be satisfied; let
ther danger; interrupt the monster one word further and, by this hand, I'll turn my mercy out o' doors, and make a stock-fish
ther to the birth of three? Ne'er mother Rejoic'd deliverance more. Blest pray you be, That, after this st
this boy was got, He dies upon my scimitar's sharp point That touches this my first-born son and heir. I tell you, youngli
thou have it; And that which rather thou dost fear to do Than wishest should be undone." Hie thee hither, That I may pour my spi
to myself, Which give some soil perhaps to my behaviors; But let not therefore my good friends be grieved- Among which number, Cassius, be you one- Nor construe any further my neglect Than
uite English and not quite American, but was altogether mellow and pleasing. "You are the historian of this bunch. Well, Dr. Wat
ur's show and valour's worth divide In storms of fortune; for in her ray and brightness The herd hath more annoyance by the 
wer, Fairing the foul with art's false borrowed face, Sweet beauty hath no name no holy bower, But is profaned, if not lives in disgrace. Therefore my mistress' eyes are raven blac
with confidence that the wooden-legged man is identical with Jonathan Small. Does the reasoning strike yo as being faulty?" "No: it is clear and c
with your bed And let her read it in thy looks at board; Shame hath a bastard fame, well managed; Ill deeds is doubled with an evil word. Ala
you fondly pass our proffer'd offer, 'Tis not the roundure of your old-fac'd walls Can hide you from our messeng
your own life your action will not be pronounced legitimate. However, that is for a British jury to decide. Meanwhile I
, And something over to remember me by. If heaven had pleas'd to have given me longer life And able means, we had not parted thus. These are the whol
- And she respects me as her only son. There, gentle Hermia, may I marry thee; And to that place the s
. The one of them imports The death of Cassio to be undertook By Roderigo. OTHELLO. O villain! CASSIO. Most heathenish and most gross! LODOVICO. Now here's 
r Was to them as a painting. Now this masque Was cried incomparable; and th' ensuing night Made it a fool and beggar. The two kings, Equal in lustre, were 
r and Baskerville were still visible about two hundred yards ahead of us in the direction of Oxford Street. "Shall I run on and stop them?" "Not for the wor
, and had, therefore, paid off certain drunken and idle employees who were members of the all-powerful socie
u can hardly find a flaw in the case which can now be presented against him, and all further investigation has served to strengthen it. By the way, there is one curious little point ab
u did command, I did repel his letters and denied His access to me. Pol. That hath made him mad. I am sorry that wit
s fire drives out fire, so pity pity- Hath done this deed on Caesar. For your part, To you our swords have leaden points, Mark Antony; Our
r had shot herself he would not venture to express any decided opinion. Certainly the bullet had been discharged at very close quarters. Ther
r her fellows shows. The measure done, I'll watch her place of stand And, touching hers, make blessed my rude hand. Did my heart love till now? Forswear it, 
w her laid low in her kindred's vault And presently took post to tell it you. O, pardon me for bringing these ill news, Since you did leave it fo
l him from me that he hath done me wrong, And therefore I'll uncrown him ere't be long. There's thy reward; be gone. Exit POST L
l him mine, but really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything with him. We feed him once a da
, him shall deserve our thanks, Bringing the murderous caitiff to the stake; He that conceals him, death. Edm. When I dissuaded him from his intent And found hi
- his Moorship's ancient. RODERIGO. By heaven, I rather would have been his hangman. IAGO. Why, there's no remedy. 'Tis the curse of se
r his sister's happiness or your reputation to hold his hand." Percy Phelps sank back in his chair. "My head whirls," said he. "Your words have dazed me." "The principal difficulty in 
f life out for his sweet life's loss. SALISBURY. Trust not those cunning waters of his eyes, For villainy is not without such rheum; And he, long
y lord should be religious, And know the office that belongs to such. WARWICK. Methinks his lordship 
y of triumph burst from his lips. "Look at this, Watson," he cried. "It is a London paper, an early edition of the Evening Standard. Here is what we want
s our confusion, all thy powers Shall make their harbour in our town till we Have seal'd thy full desire. ALCIBIADES. Then there's my glove; Desce
o she From Egypt drive her all-disgraced friend, Or take his life there. This if she perform, She shall not sue u
f the Dook, I suppose?" said the landlord, surveying our mud-stained garments with ironical eyes. Holmes laughed good-naturedly. "He'll be glad to see us, anyhow."
y the consciousness of success, like the Roman miser-- "'Populus me sibilat, at mihi plaudo Ipse domi simul ac nummos contemplar 
e the doctor too. How ended she? CORNELIUS. With horror, madly dying, like her life; Which, being cruel to the world, concluded Most crue
t the foot of the stairs." "Quite so. Your husband, as far as you could see, had his ordinary clothes on?" "But without his collar or tie. I distinctly saw his bare th
l the gentry; for the most part such To whom as great a charge as little honour He meant to lay upon; and his own let
f the hall, looking back into the street. "Is the poor gentleman much hurt?" she asked. "He is dead," cried several voices. "No, no, there's life in him!" shouted another. "But he'll be gone bef
t the mark have a prick in't, to mete at, if it may be. MARIA. Wide o' the bow-hand! I' faith, your hand is out. COSTA
p the others in touch with his movements. This I was able to do by securing the position of governess in his family. He little kn
d the skilful pilot's charge? We will not from the helm to sit and weep, But keep our course, though the rough wind say no, From shelves and rocks that threaten us with wreck, A
k the tattered object in my hands and turned it over rather ruefully. It was a very ordinary black hat of the usual round shape, hard and much the worse for wear. The lining had been of red sil
r the wealth of Athens I had done't now. Commend me bountifully to his good lordship, and I hope his honour will conceive the fairest of me, because I have no power to
o thy gods, thy brother, and thy father; Conspirant 'gainst this high illustrious prince; And from th' extremest upward of thy head 
e thy wholesome days again, Since that the truest issue of thy throne By his own interdiction stands accursed And does blaspheme his breed? Thy 
e yet not drunk a hundred words Of that tongue's utterance, yet I know the sound. Art thou not Romeo, and a Montague? Rom. Neither
t you dare build so far To make your speed to Dover, you shall find Some that will thank you, making just report Of how unnatural and bemadding sorrow The King hath c
n you ran away from us?' asked my companion. "'I thought you were the brokers,' said she, 'we have had some trouble with a tradesman.' "'That's
d you will- From the most gracious regent of this land, The Duke of York, to know what pricks you on To t
t you would have me to do? IAGO. Ay, if you dare do yourself a profit and a right. He sups tonight with a
tation. I sat helpless and unhappy, staring into the fire. A long silence was broken by a sudden exclamation from Holmes, who da
le country-side put down the baronet's death to the curse of his family, as they certainly would do, he could win his wife back to ac
ce of draymen bid God speed him well And had the tribute of his supple knee, With 'Thanks, my countrymen, my loving frien
le of hoofs, as it wheeled out into the road and tore off at a furious pace in the direction of Chesterfield. "What do you make of that, Watson?" Holmes whispered. "It look
ce the wooden-legged man?" "Pshaw, my dear boy! it was simplicity itself. I don't wish to be theatrical. It is all patent and above-board. Two o
we'll go dress our hunt. Fair youth, come in. Discourse is heavy, fasting; when we have supp'd, We'll m
sence now I feel a cause. Is't come to this? Well, well. CASSIO. Go to, woman! Throw your vile guesses in the devil's teeth, From whence you have them. You are jealous now That this is
the walls." The little man's eyes sparkled as he spoke, and he was evidently in a state of suppressed 
em to think me worthy of Pompey the Great; for mine own part, I know not the degree of the Worthy; but I am to stand for him. BEROWNE. Go, bid them prepare. COSTARD.
And then, as a second thought, why should she come at all? I was Isa Whitney's medical adviser, and as such I had influence over 
end thine ears. First will I see the coronation; And then to Brittany I'll cross the sea To effect this marriage, so it please my lord. E
home, if 'would I might' were 'may.' But to the sport abroad. Are you bound thither? AENEAS. In all swift haste. TROILUS. Come, go we then together. Exeun
st him. He was next Sidney Johnson in the office. His duties brought him into daily, personal contact with the
at in all reason should have quenched her love, hath, like an impediment in the current, made it more violent and unruly. Go you to An
ht of a street lamp we read "Laburnum Villa" upon the gate-post of one of them. The occupants had evidently retired to rest, for all was dark save 
ut of the room, leaving the Inspector, the Colonel, and me staring at each other. "'Pon my word, I am inclined to agree with Master Alec," said the official. "It may be the effect of 
pwards. "The shadow has moved!" I cried. It was, indeed, no longer the profile, but the back, which was turned towards us. Three years had certainly not smoothed the asperi
ES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1595 LOVE'S LABOUR'S LOST by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae. FERDINAND, King of Navarre BEROWNE, lord attendin
om all soldiers chief majority And military title capital Through all the kingdoms that acknowledge Christ. Thrice hath this Hotspur, Mars in swathling clothes, This infant warrior, in his enterpri
y, and I think one business does command us all; for mine is money. TITUS. So is theirs and ours. Enter PHILOTUS LUCIUS' SERVAN
u, and a long mirror. Holmes went to the bureau first and looked hard at the lock. "Which key was used to open it?" he asked. "T
et and dusk was settling over the moor. The air had turned chill and we withdrew into the hut for warmth. There, sitting together in the twilight, I told Holmes of my conversation wit
NG and guard CRANMER. [Kneeling] And to your royal Grace and the good Queen! My noble partners and myself thus pray: All
s, and he only turned to the drug as a protest against the monotony of existence when cases were scanty and the papers uninteresting. One day in early spring he ha
rt and musty straw? Alack, alack! 'Tis wonder that thy life and wits at once Had not concluded all.- He wakes. Speak to him. Doct. Madam, do you; 'tis fittest. C
ot and thrown overboard, and so also had the third mate. Prendergast then descended into the 'tween-decks and with his
ey are both sure of it on account of the bush. Then Mr. Alec ran out and knelt beside the wounded man. The ground is very hard, you see, and there are no m
ll dine above with you to-day, And shrive you of a thousand idle pranks. Sirrah, if any ask you for your master, Say he dines forth, and let no creature enter. Come, sister. Dromio, play the porter 
 a fairy in white; and FENTON steals away ANNE PAGE. A noise of hunting is heard within. All the fairies run away. FALSTAFF pulls off his buck's head, and rises Enter PAGE
he had disappeared from the house. An examination of his room revealed that the bed had not been slept in, 
go hand in hand, not one before another. <Exeunt THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF
to him And the desire of the nobles. SICINIUS. I wish no better Than have him hold that purpose, and to put it In execution. BR
pt him with speed aboard. Delay it not; I'll have him hence to-night. Away! for everything is seal'd and done That else leans on th' 
or his sister is really his wife." Mrs. Lyons had resumed her seat. Her hands were grasping the arms of her
om his true-meant design. Upon his place, And with full line of his authority, Governs Lord Angelo, a man whose blood Is very snow-broth, one who never feels The wanton stings and motions of the se
an in absolute safety while he does it. It is not an easy problem, but he solved it in an original fashion, and so effective
te it. Why should I deny it? I have no reason to be ashamed of it. I wished him to help me. I believed tha
ds the Colonel, and the talk drifted away into less dangerous channels. It was destined, however, tha
en the King once heard it, out of anger He sent command to the Lord Mayor straight To stop the rumour and allay those tongues That durst disperse it. SECOND GENTLEMAN. But that slander, sir, I
et the Queen know of our gests. To-morrow, Before the sun shall see's, we'll spill the blood That has to-day escap'd. I thank you 
'd the branch In hewing Rutland when his leaves put forth, But set his murd'ring knife unto the root From whence that tender spray did sweetl
ch the bishop spake. I am happily come hither. Re-enter DENNY, With CRANMER KING. Avoid the gallery. [LOVELL seems to stay] Ha! I have sa
in the county of Kent." Never in my life have I seen such a sight. The man's face peeled off under the sponge like the bark from a tr
ng the daytime, and to cover up her little face and hands so that even those who might see her at the window should not gossip about there being a black child in the n
in the flood. Tell the Empress from me I am of age To keep mine own- excuse it how she can. DEMETRIUS. Wilt thou betray thy noble mistres
en the incident of the grey cloth seen by young McCarthy. If that were true the murderer must have dropped some part of his dress, presumably his overcoat, in his flight, a
'd the moon Upon the water as he'll stand and read, As 'twere my daughter's eyes; and, to be plain, I think there is not half a kiss to 
of the moor. Following the path backwards, we picked out another spot, where a spring trickled across it. Here, on
of the plunder. In a moment, however, our hopes were shattered by our being arrested as the murderers of Ach
re the problem made no appeal to his sympathies, while he would devote weeks of most intense application to the affairs o
to the real murderer. "Having conceived the idea he proceeded to carry it out with considerable finesse. An ordinary schemer would have been conten
to the right, and we found ourselves in a large, square, empty room, heavily shadowed in the corners, but faintl
id the same. "What, are you coming, Watson?" he asked, looking at me in a curious way. "That depends on whether you are going on the moor," said I. "Yes, I am." "Well, you know what my i
ck to death, and had gone to a lonely place to die. I took him in hand, though he was as venomous as a young 
ph was of Irene Adler herself in evening dress, the letter was superscribed to "Sherlock Holmes, Esq. To be left till called for." My friend tore it 
nd was shown up to the chamber which had formerly been in part my own. His manner was not effusive. It
ow worse, till the worst of all follow him laughing to his grave, fiftyfold a cuckold! Good Isis, hear me thi
in you have sought, that to her laws We do deliver you. Get you therefore hence, Poor miserable wretches, to your death; The taste whereof God of his mercy give You p
es, while a false step plunged us more than once thigh-deep into the dark, quivering mire, which shook for yards in soft undulations 
es. My word is always as good as yours." "Good heavens!" cried Holmes. "I had totally forgotten him. My d
ed. They seem to have covered their tracks. There has, I fear, been preconcerted management here." He was approaching the door of the house, when it opened, and a little, curly-headed lad of six 
CASTER PRINCE HUMPHREY OF GLOUCESTER THOMAS, DUKE OF CLARENCE Sons of Henry IV EARL OF NORTHUMBERLAND SC
ind it difficult to post a letter unobserved. Probably he handed it to some sailor customer of his, who forgot a
had the measuring of their weapons; and, I think, hath appointed them contrary places; for, believe me, I hear the parson is no jester. Hark, I will tell you
 he is nothing. THESEUS. With the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and yet prove an ass. HIPPOLYTA. How chance Moonshine is gone before Thisby come
 she's honest. But be't known, From him that has most cause to grieve it should be, She's an adultress. 
e here at Belmont; she doth stray about By holy crosses, where she kneels and prays For happy wedlock hours. LORENZO. Who comes with her? STEPHANO. No
hen they were gone we looked out of the window again. Sir Henry had flung it open, and the cold night wind beat in upon our faces. Far away in the black distance there still glowed 
canary put me down. Methinks sometimes I have no more wit than a Christian or an ordinary man has; but I am great eater of beef, and I believ
 intents, but also to effect Whatever I shall happen to devise. I see your brows are full of discontent, Your hearts of sorrow, an
 would care to see them." "I should be very glad." We all filed into the front room and sat round the central table while the Inspecto
 could have been taken from nothing else. As it was done yesterday the strong probability was that we should 
 would himself look upon my compliance as a very great favor, since the lady absolutely refused to see a Swiss physician, and he could not but feel that he 
erous, and dissentious pranks, As very infants prattle of thy pride. Thou art a most pernicious usurer; Froward by nature, enemy to peace; Lascivious, wanton, more than well bes
ent witchcraft, who of force must know The royal fool thou cop'st with- SHEPHERD. O, my heart! POLIXENES. I'll have thy beauty scratch'd with briers and made More homely than thy sta
m that point, I have woven my net round him until now it is all ready to close. In three days--that is to say, on
tation gnawn at; and I shall not only receive this villainous wrong, but stand under the adoption of abominable terms, and by him that does me t
f your wife. Once this-your long experience of her wisdom, Her sober virtue, years, and modesty, Plead on her part some cause to you unk
C., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MA
ath a license in't, Which seems a little fouler than it is, To pluck on others. ANGELO. Believe me, on mine honour, My words express my purpose. 
uit and his American accent, in the corner of a prosaic railway-carriage, and yet as I looked at his dark and expressive face I felt more than ever how true a descendant he
ngs and queens were crown'd; Where Henry and Dame Margaret kneel'd to me, And on my head did set the diadem. GLOUCESTER. Nay, Eleanor, then must I chide outright. Presumptuous d
 we are after is not as lonely as I imagined he was, but has friends who are ready to risk something
 be blown up; marry, in blowing him down again, with the breach yourselves made, you lose your city. It is not politic in the commonwealth of nature to preserve virginity. L
ith fear before ever he began to run." "How can you say that?" "I am presuming that the cause of his fears came to h
beg for the use of the sitting-room, and I would retire to my bed-room. He always apologized to me for putting me to this inconvenience
its his lunacy. Whate'er I forge to feed his brain-sick humours, Do you uphold and maintain in your speeches, For no
thy land, Or the reputed son of Coeur-de-lion, Lord of thy presence and no land beside? BASTARD. Madam, an if my brother had my shape And I had his, Sir 
een more in these rooms than was visible to me." "No, but I fancy that I may have deduced a little more. I imagine 
but not hopeless. Even now, if we could be sure which of them has taken it, it is just possible that it has not yet passed out o
ure she is not buried. SILVIA. Say that she be; yet Valentine, thy friend, Survives, to whom, thyself art witness, I am betroth'd; and art tho
fe, sit by my side and let the world slip;-we shall ne'er be younger. [They sit down] A flourish of trumpets announces the play <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE 
ne, so rich, that it did strive In workmanship and value; which I wonder'd Could be so rarely and exactly wrought, Since the true life on't was- POSTHUMUS.
ard that it takes a man to be a brother." "True for you, Mr. McMurdo. Why did you leave Chicago?" "I'm damned if I tell you that!" McG
ove the Moor to live with him, My downright violence and storm of fortunes May trumpet to the world. 
yet the amazing thing is that he must have been there all the time, for when I examined the door again in the morning he had scrawled some more of his pict
pen the building and the room." "He had, then, several false keys. He took the papers to London to s
ver the broad moor, and behind him that one black smudge on the silvered slope which showed where the man was lying who had
ove the door, Holmes gave a sudden groan and clutched me by the shoulder to save himself from falling. He had had one of those violent st
ixt the green sea and the azur'd vault Set roaring war. To the dread rattling thunder Have I given fire, and rifted Jove's stout oak With his ow
pon the garden gate or the railings. With all his vigilance John Ferrier could not discover whence these daily warnings proceede
rk, the herald of the morn; No nightingale. Look, love, what envious streaks Do lace the severing clou
 of the other houses were inhabited, and that at which we stopped was as dark as its neighbors, save for a single glimmer in the kitchen window. On our knocking, however, the door was instant
 of the passage, and I saw the lean figure of Colonel Lysander Stark rushing forward with a lantern in one hand and a weapon like a butcher's cleaver in the other. I r
 of the stair within a very few seconds of her husband's appearance at the window, he could hardly have been more than an accessory to the crime. His defenc
cts the same for aidance 'gainst the enemy, Which with the heart there cools, and ne'er returneth To blush and beautify the cheek again
sy, the sweet view on't Might well have warm'd old Saturn; that I thought her As chaste as unsunn'd snow. O, all the devils! This yellow Iachimo in an hour- was't not? Or l
out the terrible scene from the maid servants. The dead man lay on his back, sprawling with outstretched limbs in the centre of the room. He was clad only in a
rom the table and read out the whole title, Practical Handbook of Bee Culture, with Some Observations upon the Segregation of the Queen. "Alone I did
ght the whole story of the cataleptic Russian and his son be a concoction of Dr. Trevelyan's, who has, for his own purpose
ink the water of my eye. Therefore, no more but this: Henry, your sovereign, Is prisoner to the foe; h
tch the waning of mine enemies. A dire induction am I witness to, And will to France, hoping the consequence Will pro
hin the year of our redemption Four hundred twenty-six; and Charles the Great Subdu'd the Saxons, and did s
ong time after our belated dinner. At eight in the morning he came into my room just as I finished my toilet. "Well, Watson," said he, "it is time
 it was besmear'd As black as Vulcan in the smoke of war. A baubling vessel was he captain of, For shallow draught and bulk unprizable, With which such scathful gr
 if you cannot, give thanks you have liv'd so long, and make yourself ready in your cabin for the mischance of the hour, if it so hap.-Cheerly, good hearts!-Out of our
ind, so apt, so blessed a disposition, she holds it a vice in her goodness not to do more than she is requested. This broken j
Beldam, I think we watch'd you at an inch. What, madam, are you there? The King and commonweal Are deeply indebted for this piece of 
cured the night, and then one by one passed through into the little garden. With bated breath and crouching figures they stumbled across it, an
d That temple, thy fair mind, that thou mayst stand T' enjoy thy banish'd lord and this great land! Exit SCENE II. Br
 can nowhere find him like a man. FIRST LORD. My lord, he is but even now gone hence; Here was he merry, hearing of a song. DUKE SENIOR. If he, compact of jars, grow musical, We shall ha
opened the goose. My heart turned to water, for there was no sign of the stone, and I knew that some terrible mistake had occurr
 should I kiss my father; well, he weeps on. Now come I to my mother. O that she could speak now like a wood woman
bear a good opinion of my knowledge, insomuch I say I know you are; neither do I labour for a greater esteem than may in some little measure draw a belief from you, to do yourself goo
ad sent to Mackleton for a doctor, but he did not arrive until morning, being absent at another case. The people at the inn were a
ence And humble service till the point of death. KING HENRY. Stoop then and set your knee against my foot; And in reguerdon of that duty done I girt thee with th
nous and gives a little comic relief where it is badly needed. And now, having brought you up to date in the escaped convict, the Stapletons, Dr. Mortimer, and Frankland, of Lafter Hall, let me
man, and he and the skipper had some long talks in the cabin. All the baggage we took off with him was one tin box. So far as I know, the man's name was never mention
ound and looked also. The blind was up and the window shut, but I could just make out the bushes on the lawn, and it seemed to me for a mome
nate and most serious designs, and of great import indeed, too- but let that pass; for I must tell thee it will please his Grace, by the world, sometime to
red, and the strangest fancies and surmises crowded into it. Every time that I closed my eyes I saw before
ke a drop of water That in the ocean seeks another drop, Who, falling there to find his fellow forth, Unseen, inquisitive, confounds himself. S
d we fear, If we do fear this body hath a tail More perilous than the head. ARVIRAGUS. Let ordinance 
rst, for I cannot flatter thee in pride; Next, if I be appointed for the place, My Lord of Somerset will keep me here Without discharge, money, or furniture, T
oman for singing, nor so old to dote on her for anything. I have years on my back forty-eight. Lear. Follow me; thou shalt serve me. If I like thee no worse after dinner, I will not pa
then had gone away. I thought at the time that this might be the maid and her sweetheart, of whom you had already spoken to me, and inquiry showed it was so. I
 day has passed that he has not called at the Hall to see how we were getting on. He insisted upon my climbing into his dog-cart, and he gave me a lift homeward. I found him much trou
when he came out into the world. I heard vaguely that his abilities and the influences which he commanded had won him a good position at the Foreign Office,
e of her eye? And stand between her back, sir, and the fire, Holding a trencher, jesting merrily? You put our p
e in her hands. As she did so the loose gown fell back from her forearms. Holmes uttered an exclamation. "You have other injuries, madam! What is this?" Two vivid red spots stood out on one of t
pany him in a cab which was waiting at the door. A Greek friend had come to see him upon business, he said, and as he could speak 
t to his birth. He may not, as unvalued persons do, Carve for himself, for on his choice depends The safety and health of this whole
from his metal was his party steeled; Which once in him abated, an the rest Turn'd on themselves, like dull and heavy lead. 
at's his name and birth? FIRST GENTLEMAN. I cannot delve him to the root; his father Was call'd Sicili
ould not come down, But keep the hills and upper regions. It proves not so. Their battles are at hand; 
will not hold the handling. Or say to them Thou art their soldier and, being bred in broils, Hast not the soft way which, thou dost confess, Were fit for thee to
 Oft our displeasures, to ourselves unjust, Destroy our friends, and after weep their dust; Our own love waking cries to see what's done, While shameful h
 the somewhat inhuman effect which he produced upon me, until sometimes I found myself regarding him as an isolated
from the COURTEZAN'S OFFICER. That labour may you save; see where he comes. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. While I go to the goldsmith's house, go thou And buy a rope's end; that will 
, of the Duke? DUKE. I know none. Can you tell me of any? LUCIO. Some say he is with the Emperor of Russia; other 
With the best blood that I can meet withal In the adventure of this perilous day. Now, Esperance! Percy! and set on. Sound 
good the city; Whilst I, with those that have the spirit, will haste To help Cominius. LARTIUS. Worthy sir, thou bleed'st; Thy exercis
 for the door opened and a rough-looking fellow entered who was evidently the man himself. "I got a message from the head office that a gent at this address had been
over the door. Here Holmes turned suddenly to the right, and we found ourselves in a large, square, empty room, heavily
s of the deep. LOVEL. Come, come, dispatch; 'tis bootless to exclaim. HASTINGS. O bloody Richard! Miserable England! I prophesy the fearfull'st time to thee That ever wretched age h
. To the ground, mistress. MRS. OVERDONE. Why, here's a change indeed in the commonwealth! What shall become of me? POMPEY. Come, fear not you: good counsellors lack no cli
use, the other Insult without all reason; where gentry, title, wisdom, Cannot conclude but by the yea a
d at the point where it emerges from the tunnel immediately before Aldgate Station. A courteous red-faced old gentleman r
 but the relations between policemen and criminals are peculiar in some parts of the States, and McG
e to the time o' th' year between the extremes Of hot and cold; he was nor sad nor merry. CLEOPATRA. O well-divided disposition! Note him
peak the truth by her; if not divine, Yet let her be a principality, Sovereign to all the creatures on the earth. P
re's the villain? Edm. Here stood he in the dark, his sharp sword out, Mumbling of wicked charms, conjuring the moon To st
n up the window, or it would have been even more intolerable. This might partly be due to the fact that a lamp stood flaring a
then though I mistake my view, The sun it self sees not, till heaven clears. O cunning love, with tears thou keep'st me blind, Lest eyes well-seeing thy foul fa
said too much unto a heart of stone, And laid mine honour too unchary out; There's something in me th
 and was about to shake the man, who was still sleeping soundly, when a bell over his head rang loudly, 
ards you Honour and plenteous safety-that you read The Cardinal's malice and his potency Together; to consider further, that What his high hatred would effect wa
that you might The better arm you to the sudden time Than if you had at leisure known of this. BASTARD.
bend, To send their smiles before them to Achilles, To come as humbly as they us'd to creep To holy altars. ACHILLES. What, am I poor of la
self, my counsel's consistory, My oracle, my prophet, my dear cousin, I, as a child, will go by thy direction.
lord, the mind of Bolingbroke is chang'd; You must to Pomfret, not unto the Tower. And, madam, there is order ta'en for you: With 
sentable carriage and horse. To do this was quite beyond my power, and I could only hope that by economy I might in ten years' time save enough to enable me to put up my pl
presage the ruin of your love, And be my vantage to exclaim on you. BASSANIO. Madam, you have bereft me of all words; Only my blood speaks to you in my ve
e are as respectable a couple as any in the county." "At the same time," said Baskerville, "it's clear eno
ongue of mine That laid the sentence of dread banishment On yon proud man should take it off again With words of sooth! O that I were as great As is my gri
it and this the elder-tree. Look, sirs, if you can find the huntsman out That should have murdered Bas
reatness and authority. KING JOHN. Now keep your holy word; go meet the French; And from his Holiness use all
I care no more for than I do for heaven, So I were not his sister. Can't no other, But, I your daughter, he must b
nchus of Arabia; King of Pont; Herod of Jewry; Mithridates, king Of Comagene; Polemon and Amyntas, The kings of Mede and Lycaonia, with More larger list of sceptres. OCTAVI
 news to go to Ireland. But none returns. For us to levy power Proportionable to the enemy Is all unpossible. GREEN. Besides, ou
. Get thee gone. That the whole life of Athens were in this! Thus would I eat it. [Eating a root] APEMANTUS.
 content firm love doth bear, Nothing of that shall from mine eyes appear. Exit ACT I. SCENE 3. The Grecian camp. Before AGAMEMNON'S tent Sen
e thy son and heir more early down. Mon. Alas, my liege, my wife is dead to-night! Grief of my son's exile hath stopp'd her breath. What fur
INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS 
ILLON and PEMBROKE ELINOR. What now, my son! Have I not ever said How that ambitious Constance would not cease Till she had kindled France and all the world
well, and in him me, Left solely heir to all his lands and goods, Which I have bettered rather than decreas'd.
 God, and not we, hath safely fought to-day. Some guard these traitors to the block of death, Treason's true bed and yielder
owls, and sprites. If we obey them not, this will ensue: They'll suck our breath, or pinch us black and blue. LUCIANA. Why prat'st thou to thyself, an
 some chance of securing him; but if he had the slightest suspicion, he would change his name, and vanish in an instant among the four million inhabitants of this great city. Without meaning to hurt
dent, for your brother's life- The very mercy of the law cries out Most audible, even from his proper tongue, 'An Angelo for Claudio, death for 
 main gate, and that he would see him. As we know, he came back by the side gate. Suddenly he heard him at the ver
if he had had another man to help him with the engines we should never have caught her. He swears he knew nothing of this Norwood business." "Neither he did," cried our prisoner,--"not a word.
ing I had hardly started when the doctor in his carriage overtook me. He told me that old Mrs. Porter had sent a 
by to hear My sovereign mistress clouded so, without My present vengeance taken. Shrew my heart! You never spoke what did become you less Tha
oe to her chance, and damn'd her loathed choice! Accurs'd the offspring of so foul a fiend! CHIRON. It shall no
 bear him no good will, madam," said Holmes. "Tell us then where we shall find him. If you have ever aided him in evil, help us now a
 Give him their heirs as pages, followed him Even at the heels in golden multitudes. He presently, as greatness knows itself, Steps me a little higher than
t'ned him unto a small spare mast, Such as sea-faring men provide for storms; To him one of the other twins was bound, Whilst I had been like h
ghten his austere face. At the end of an hour he was no further than when he started. "The cunning dog has covered his tracks," said he. "He has left nothing to in
t all his life and a woman who loves him have no suspicion of it? I knew it by his refusal to talk about some episodes in his American lif
rt To his most royal person; hither come Even at his feet to lay my arms and power, Provided that my banishment
emind his victim of some dead or absent woman. It was at this point that I asked Gregson whether he had enquired in his telegram to Cl
all'd me, I confess; And, as the jest did glance away from me, 'Tis ten to one it maim'd you two outright. BAPTISTA. Now, in good sadness, son Petruchio, I th
p and not an ear open: he was torn to pieces with a bear. This avouches the shepherd's son, who has not only his innocence, which seems much, to justify him, but a h
 past the West India Docks, down the long Deptford Reach, and up again after rounding the Isle of Dogs. The dull blur in
write the answers. Ask him first of all whether he is prepared to sign the papers?' "The man's eyes flashed fire. "'Never!' he wrote in 
m and the bleared sights Are spectacled to see him. Your prattling nurse Into a rapture lets her baby cry While she chats him; the kitchen malkin pins Her richest lockram 'bout her reechy
leave the girl in the street and dart away to commit a felony?" "Exactly! There are certainly objections. But it is a 
ainst the irregular and wild Glendower, Was by the rude hands of that Welshman taken, A thousand of his people butchered; Upon whose dead corpse there was such misuse, Such 
to be the last of those exploits of my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, which I should ever communicate to the public. This resolution of mine was not due to any lack of material, since I have notes of 
to of the matter. And, masters, do not forget to specify, when time and place shall serve, that I am an ass. Verg. Here, here comes Master Signior Leonato, and the sexto
at is the next move?" "To see Sir Henry. Ah, here he is!" "Good morning, Holmes," said the baronet. "You look like a general who is planning a battle with his chief of the staff." "T
 call the place, a very dangerous flat and fatal, where the carcases of many a tall ship lie buried, as they s
st be the truth. Here all other contingencies have failed. When I found that the leading international
ll be the undoing of us yet!" There was a mutter of conversation from the next room. It seemed interminable. Then t
below the violet, Not wagging his sweet head; and yet as rough, Their royal blood enchaf'd, as the rud'st wind That by the top doth tak
d all the world Upon the right and party of her son? This might have been prevented and made whole With very easy arguments of love, Which now 
ering themselves from the wind in the doorway of a house some distance up the street. I tried to draw my companion's attention to them, but he gave a
; And this fair gentlewoman, her sister here, Did call me brother. [To LUCIANA] What I told you then, I hope I shall have leisure to make good; If this
. How was it done?" He spoke calmly, but I could see that he was deeply moved. "My eye caught the name of Openshaw, and the heading 'Tragedy Ne
lieve what? Ham. That I can keep your counsel, and not mine own. Besides, to be demanded of a sponge, what rep
. Had you a special warrant for the deed? PROVOST. No, my good lord; it was by private message. DUKE. For which I do discharge you of your office; Give u
lord, you do me shameful injury Falsely to draw me in these vile suspects. GLOUCESTER. You may deny that you were not 
 Sir, you have wrestled well, and overthrown More than your enemies. CELIA. Will you go, coz? ROSALIND. Have with you. Fare 
ollar, and let him to the foot of the water-barrel. The creature instantly broke into a succession of high, tremulous yelps, and, with his nose on the ground, 
ntain, or the sea, the day, or night: The crow, or dove, it shapes them to your feature. Incapable of more, replete with you, My 
estly. He was trembling in every limb. He poured some whisky into a glass and handed it to him. "That's the physic for the likes of you,
ent. Then I wound it up myself." "Then it comes to this," said the sergeant: "If anyone came from outside--if they did--they must have got in across the bridge before six and been in hidi
g Edward, valiant Richard, Montague, Stay we no longer, dreaming of renown, But sound the trumpets and about our task. RICHARD. Then, Clifford, wer
ing me is Thisby's cue. She is to enter now, and I am to spy her through the wall. You shall see it wil
nd see it instantly consum'd with fire; Even thou, and none but thou. Take it up straight. Within this hour bring me word 'tis done, And by good testimony, or I'll seize thy life, W
n hope of seeing some signs of water. Now the great salt plain stretched before his eyes, and the distant belt of savage mountains, without a sign anywhere of plant or
stepped into the circle of yellow light thrown by the lantern she saw that he was a person of gentlemanly bearing, dressed in a gray suit of tweeds, with a cloth cap. He wore gai
ughter first; and then in sequel, all, According to their firm proposed natures. EXETER. Only he hath not yet subscribed 
 Titus, unkind, and careless of thine own, Why suffer'st thou thy sons, unburied yet, To hover on the dreadful shore of Styx? Make way to lay them by t
oss Street, where Miss Cushing resided. It was a very long street of two-story brick houses, neat and prim, with whitened stone steps and little g
tions; And therefore, if you say no more than this, That like a father you will deal with him, And pass my daughter a sufficient dower, The match i
ELIUS. The Queen, sir, very oft importun'd me To temper poisons for her; still pretending The satisfaction of her kno
 Lear. You nimble lightnings, dart your blinding flames Into her scornful eyes! Infect her beauty, You fen-suck'd fogs, drawn by the pow'rful sun, To fal
-time, and he passed without difficulty into the room. His mistress had ceased to scream and was stretc
h here and hence, That are insinewed to this action, Acquitted by a true substantial form, And present execution of our wills To us and to our purposes confin'd- We come 
 base; and my soul aches To know, when two authorities are up, Neither supreme, how soon confusion May enter 'twixt the gap of both and take The one b
cience and my soul. Re-enter BUCKINGHAM and the rest Cousin of Buckingham, and sage grave men, Since you will buckle fortune on my back, T
facts, and not legends or rumours. It has not been a satisfactory case." My friend spoke in his frankest and most unconcerned manner. Stap
 gains and returned to England with them. It is only two years since he took up his residence at Baskerville Hall, and it is common talk
arder, and the hostess was an easy-going old Irishwoman who left them to themselves; so that they had a freedom for speech and a
ere we are cut off from all men. What could be better for the purpose? Say again, then, Sahib, whether you are with us, or if we must lo
y; and be sure I count myself in nothing else so happy As in a soul rememb'ring my good friends; And as my fortune ripens with thy love, It shall be still thy true l
repent for doing good, Nor shall not now; for in companions That do converse and waste the time together, Whose souls do bear an equal yoke of love, There must be needs a like pro
 we do for money for these wars? Come, sister-cousin, I would say-pray, pardon me. Go, fellow, get thee home, provide some carts, And bring away the armour that is the
ime he had been shopping at Tunbridge Wells. He (Ames) had observed some restlessness and excitement on the part of 
he fog had lifted and we were guided by Mrs. Stapleton to the point where they had found a pathway through the bog. It helped us to realize th
uilder has such very large transactions. Is it possible that he has had a hand in the affair? Cornelius might be a broker, but we have found no scr
esumed her seat. Her hands were grasping the arms of her chair, and I saw that the pink nails had turned white
h! But kiss; one kiss! Rubies unparagon'd, How dearly they do't! 'Tis her breathing that Perfumes the chamber thus. The flame o' th' taper Bows toward her and would under-peep her lids To see th' e
go, my lord. PRINCE. Good lords, make all the speedy haste you may. Exeunt CARDINAL and HASTINGS Say, uncl
l thou mistak'st, Or else committ'st thy knaveries wilfully. PUCK. Believe me, king of shadows, I mistook. Did not you tell me I
 ruins of the noblest man That ever lived in the tide of times. Woe to the hand that shed this costly blood! Over thy wounds now do I prophesy (Which like dumb mouths do ope their ruby
il, so she From Egypt drive her all-disgraced friend, Or take his life there. This if she perform, She shall not sue unheard. So to th
ive me the Lie Direct; and so we measur'd swords and parted. JAQUES. Can you nominate in order now the degrees of the lie? TOUCHSTONE. O, sir, we quarrel in print by the book, as you h
low of the Mapleton stable showed to the front. Before they reached us, however, Desborough's bolt was shot, and the Colonel's hor
nd tie the beard; and say it was the desire of the penitent to be so bar'd before his death. You know the cou
 under the control of her brutal husband. "Well, Mr. Holmes, that was the state of affairs when I first saw you two days ago. I 
 watch the clock for you, Nor think the bitterness of absence sour, When you have bid your servant once adieu. Nor dare I question with my j
l play the cook and servant; 'tis our match. The sweat of industry would dry and die But for the end it works to. Come, our stomachs Will make what's homely savoury; weariness Can snor
vessel the dowry of his sister. But mark how heavily this befell to the poor gentlewoman: there she lost a noble and renowned brother, in hi
o hear the evidence of some of the people in the house. We could use the dining-room, Ames. Please come yourself 
y Upon the first encounter drave them. ANTONY. Well, what worst? MESSENGER. The nature of bad news infects the teller. ANT
 reach the heart of the mystery. CHAPTER XI The Man on the Tor The extract from my private diary which forms the last chapter has brought my narrative up to the 18th
es had the hard, dry glitter which shot from them when he was keenly interested. "You saw this?" "As clearly as I see you." "And you said nothing?" "What was the use?" "How was
gainst the shutters. "It can be built up as an exact science by the reasoner. Our highest assurance of th
ing of the whole, are kept in an elaborate safe in a confidential office adjoining the arsenal, with burglar-proof doors and windows. Under no conceivable circumstances 
learnt thy language: for thy tongue Makes Welsh as sweet as ditties highly penn'd, Sung by a fair queen in 
m, cut thy tongue. Ah, now thou turn'st away thy face for shame! And notwithstanding all this loss of blood- 
n Bork was a strong, self-contained man, but it was easy to see that the news had shaken him. "How could they have got on to Ste
candle, my lord- all tallow; if I did say of wax, my growth would approve the truth. CHIEF JUSTICE. There is not a white hair in your face bu
e. EXETER. The Dauphin crowned king! all fly to him! O, whither shall we fly from this reproach? GLOUCESTER. We will not fly but to our enemies' throats. Bedford, if thou be slack I'll figh
rly bid me give his father, And threat'ned me with death, going in the vault, If I departed not and left him there. P
s these are. The gifts she looks from me are pack'd and lock'd Up in my heart, which I have given alre
ce asleep, Laid by his side his heart-inflaming brand, Whilst many nymphs that vowed chaste life to keep, Came tripping 
thin sight of my solution. If you could accompany me in that last step you might be of considerable service to me." "I should be delighted." "Could 
 boarding house. The same evening the two men arrived, each carrying his gripsack. Lawler was an elderly man, shrewd, silent, and self-contained, clad in an old black frock coat, which with his sof
y, working his way in any menial capacity, but never overtaking the fugitives. When he reached St. Petersburg they had departed for Paris; and 
ter came the meeting. Gennaro returned from it with a face which told me that something dreadful had occurred. It was worse than we could have imagined possible. The funds of the society w
emotion to such an extent that I could hardly have sworn to his identity. There was certainly no physical injury of an
e. I could read in them a set purpose to devote his life to this quest until the client whom he had failed to save should a
l ne'er be known; For blushing cheeks by faults are bred, And fears by pale white shown. Then if she fear, or be 
 member of the Swedish Pathological Society. Author of 'Some Freaks of Atavism' (Lancet 1882). 'Do We Progress?' (Journal of Psychology, March, 1883). Medical Officer for the parishes
a glass of port after dinner, when young Trevor began to talk about those habits of observation and inference which I had already formed into a
th part of one. They that have the voice of lions and the act of hares, are they not monsters? TROILUS. A
hair at the moment, and my protruded feet had attracted his ever-active attention. "English," I answered in some surprise. "I got them at Latimer's, in Oxford Street." Holmes smiled with an exp
protect thee; and the tailor make thy doublet of changeable taffeta, for thy mind is a very opal. I would have men of such constancy put to sea, that their business might be everything
lf. Father was a plumber in the Tottenham Court Road, and he left a tidy business behind him, which mother car
. Enter Servingman. Serv. Madam, the guests are come, supper serv'd up, you call'd, my young lady ask'd for, the
tartles and frights consideration, Makes sound opinion sick, and truth suspected, For putting on so new a fashion'd robe. PEMBROKE. When workmen 
ggered, and had almost come to believe that Mrs. St. Clair had been deluded when, with a cry, she sprang at a small deal box which lay upon the table and t
 crows, and kites Fly o'er our heads and downward look on us, As we were sickly prey. Their shadows seem A canopy most fatal, under which Our army lies, ready 
 young; and therefore, if you should deal double with her, truly it were an ill thing to be off'red to any gentlewoman, and very weak dealing. Rom. Nurse, commend me to 
ich die for goodness, who have lived for crime. 125 Were't aught to me I bore the canopy, With my extern the outward honouring, Or laid great bases for eternity,
nility, had actually seen her pass away, and had signed the certificate in due form. "I assure you that everything was perfectly normal and there was no room for foul play in the 
 broken his pencil, and had been compelled to put a fresh point to it." "Excellent!" said Holmes, who was recovering his 
 he lit his pipe, and leaning back in his chair he watched the blue smoke-rings as they chased each other up to the ceiling. "I 
 him do his spite. My services, which I have done the signiory, Shall out-tongue his complaints. 'Tis yet to know- Which, when I know that boasting is an honor, I shall promulgate
re kept in an elaborate safe in a confidential office adjoining the arsenal, with burglar-proof doors and windows. Under no conceivable circumstances were the plans t
you, my lord, I come-what lord you will- From the most gracious regent of this land, The Duke of York, to k
t comes not ill; I hate not to be banish'd; It is a cause worthy my spleen and fury, That I may strike at Athens. I'll cheer up My discontented troops, and lay for hearts. 'Tis honour w
ot, Let not the cloud of sorrow justle it From what it purpos'd; since to wail friends lost Is not by much so wholesome-profitable As to rejoice at fr
aith of our visitor which compelled our respect. She laid her little bundle of papers upon the table and went her way, with a promise to come again whenever she might be summoned. Sherlock Holmes 
ith his sword drawn, foam'd at the mouth, and swore, If I discover'd not which way she was gone, It was my instant death. By accident 
fety at the Police Station. It was the merest chance my taking these pills, for I am bound to say that I do not attach any importance to them
w about the case?" asked the baronet. "Have you made anything out of the tangle? I don't know that Watson and I are much the wiser since we came
ok down the great book in which, day by day, he filed the agony columns of the various London journals. "Dear me!" said he, turning over the pages, "what a chorus of groans, cries, and bl
bulk of the house, its serrated roof and bristling chimneys hard outlined against the silver-spangled sky. Broad bars of golden light from the lower wi
 Within the knowledge of mine own desert, And this my hand, against my self uprear, To guard the lawful reasons on thy part, To leave poor me, thou hast
ut into the long swash of the sea waves. My wife was on a visit to her mother's, and for a few days I was a dweller once more in my old quarters a
inds of the masses, and the consequent weakening of all authority. The deceased was an American gentleman who had been residing for some 
ith him the mortal Venus, the heart-blood of beauty, love's invisible soul- PANDARUS. Who, my cousin, Cressida? SERVANT. No, sir, Helen. Could not you 
er till the next night she had rather stay, Or go to bed now, being two hours to day. But were the day com
ly with the offence, but referred it to the Assizes. Horner, who had shown signs of intense emotion during the proceedings, fainted away at the conclus
ld have the soil of her fair rape Wip'd off in honourable keeping her. What treason were it to the ransack'd queen, Disgrace to your great worths, and shame 
nd give the victors way. CITIZEN. Heralds, from off our tow'rs we might behold From first to last the onset and retire Of both your armies, whose equality By our best eyes cannot be censured. Bloo
ch he had thrown back to me and read the paragraph indicated. It was headed, "A Gruesome Packet." "Miss Susan Cushing, living at Cross Street, Croydon, has been made the victim of what 
y uprise shall I see no more! Fortune and Antony part here; even here Do we shake hands. All come to this? The hearts That spaniel'd me a
 all one word to understand. LUCIANA. Fie, brother, how the world is chang'd with you! When were you wont to
ive face. "We have been talking at cross purposes," said she. "Why, you had not very much time for talk," her brother remarked with the same questioning ey
 could ever induce him to set up a female establishment after the manner of his companions. He never gave reasons for t
ater came the meeting. Gennaro returned from it with a face which told me that something dreadful had occurred. It was worse than we could 
d to find him standing by my bedside, clad in a rude sailor dress with a pea-jacket, and a coarse red scarf round his neck. "I am off down the river, Watson,"
t better to go to South Africa." "Ah, I see you know my whole story. I need hide nothing from you. I swear to 
w-comers in the cottage, she knows in some way that they are her pursuers. She waits until her husband is asleep, and then she rushes down to endeavor 
he bands of life, Which false hope lingers in extremity. Enter YORK GREEN. Here comes the Duke of York. QUEEN. With signs of war about his aged neck. O, full of careful business are h
 out. As they raised him, a ring tinkled down and rolled across the floor. Lestrade grabbed it up and stared at it with mystified eyes. "There's been a woman here," he cried. 
 nor myself liking to break in upon his thoughts before he roused himself from his reverie. "It is very essential, Miss Stoner," said he, "that you should absolutely follow my advice i
he heart of flattery about me, I cannot so conjure up the spirit of love in her that he will appear in his true likeness. BURGUNDY. Pardon the frank
[within] Francis! Fran. Anon, anon, sir. Prince. Five year! by'r Lady, a long lease for the clinking of Pe
 GEORGE. Our hap is lost, our hope but sad despair; Our ranks are broke, and ruin follows us. What counsel give you? Whither shall we fly? EDWARD. Bootless is flight: t
o become The follower of so poor a gentleman. LAUNCELOT. The old proverb is very well parted between my ma
of sheep and bullocks coming in from the outlying pasture lands, and trains of tired immigrants, men and horses equally weary of their interminable journey. Through all this motley a
shivered and he made a feeble effort to move. Lestrade thrust his brandy-flask between the baronet's teeth, and two frightened eyes were looking up at us. "My God!"
 How? My good name? or to report of you What I shall think is good? The Princess! Enter IMOGEN CLOTEN. Good morro
ate!" He had started running swiftly over the moor, and I had followed at his heels. But now from somewhere among the broken ground immediately in front 
 long of her it was That we meet here so strangely; but her son Is gone, we know not how nor where. PISANIO. My lord, Now fear is from me, I'll speak
o assure him that it was not so and pacify him by giving him a considerable part of his old wardrobe, the London outfit ha
thing in his eyes which was nearer to tenderness than I had ever seen. The next instant he was his masterful, practical self
ce, with his head sunk forward and his eyes bent upon the red glow of the fire. Then he lit his pipe, and leaning back in his c
e, then, how difficult I found it at first, and how long I had to wait before I succeeded in making any hea
t flies; our cage We make a choir, as doth the prison'd bird, And sing our bondage freely. BELARIUS. How you speak! Did y
 steep'd our sense In soft and delicate Lethe. ENOBARBUS. All take hands. Make battery to our ears with the loud music, The while I'll place you; then the boy shall sing; The holding
 gone by our watch. Hor. In what particular thought to work I know not; But, in the gross and scope of my opinion, This bodes some strange eruption to our state.
FF. What say you, Scarlet and John? BARDOLPH. Why, sir, for my part, I say the gentleman had drunk himself out of his five sentences
 vapours that offended us; And, by the benefit of his wished light, The seas wax'd calm, and we discovered Two ships from far making amain to us- Of Corinth that, o
on about the Bouguereau. I am partial to the modern French school." "You will excuse me, Mr. Sholto," said Miss Morstan,
 I'll to the King my master that is dead, And tell him who hath sent me after him. WARWICK. Here comes the Prince. Enter KING HENRY THE FIFTH, attended CHIEF JUSTICE. Good morrow, and God save you
eceiving the bad air. CASSIUS. But, soft, I pray you, what, did Caesars wound? CASCA. He fell down in the marketplace and 
lse made the country in these parts. It's not nearly so well done. They forgot the water and the trees." "What would ye think of offering up prayer?
ow us to the court. Thou churl, for this time, Though full of our displeasure, yet we free thee From the dead blow of it. And you, enchantment, Worthy enough
r." "But the eye-glasses?" "Ah! I am only a student--a man of dreams. I cannot explain the practical things of life. But still, we a
apers is the famous government expert, Sir James Walter, whose decorations and sub-titles fill two lines of a book of reference. He has grown gray in the service, is a gen
t's Sups the fair Rosaline whom thou so lov'st; With all the admired beauties of Verona. Go thither,
however, the hole was not entirely closed. Sherlock Holmes bent down to it, and instantly rose again with a sharp intaking of the breath. "There is something devilish in this, Watson," said h
eantime, the matter is being actively investigated, Mr. Lestrade, one of the very smartest of our detective off
ntangled the most inextricable mysteries. So accustomed was I to his invariable success that the very possibility of his failing had ceased to enter into my head. It was close upon
 to bear the news to his wife, I did what I could to relieve his pain. We were all assembled round him when the door opened, and a tall, gaunt woman entered the room. "Mrs. Toller!"
s follow the old Earl, and get the bedlam To lead him where he would. His roguish madness Allows itself to a
y across the room and pushed at the door. It was fastened on the inner side. Following his example, we threw our
 mark on the windowsill was deliberately placed there by Barker, in order to give a false clue to the police, you will admit that the case grows dark against him. "Now we have to ask ourselves at w
tell you this, that when I was put upon this job I never believed there was such a society as yours. I thought it
y troth, thou't set me a-weeping, an thou say'st so. Prove that ever I dress myself handsome till thy return. Well, hearken a' t
: She is thy enemy and I thy friend. I am Revenge, sent from th' infernal kingdom To ease the gnawing vulture of thy mind By working
roses in thy lips and cheeks shall fade To paly ashes, thy eyes' windows fall Like death when he shuts up the day o
l! I see you all are bent To set against me for your merriment. If you were civil and knew courtesy, You would not do me thus much injury. Can you not hate me, as I know you do, But you must joi
her--why, she, O, she is fall'n Into a pit of ink, that the wide sea Hath drops too few to wash her clean again, And salt 
orbid it.' "'Your best way is to make a clean breast of the facts,' I answered. 'Depend upon it, if your son is innocent he will be none the worse.' "'Perhaps, Alice, you had better leave
our cause is ripe: The enemy increaseth every day; We, at the height, are ready to decline. There is a tide in the affairs of men Which tak
found the note, since it corroborates my story," said he. "But I beg to point out that I have not yet heard what has happened to Mr. Garc
k, and be the seas on him! White-liver'd runagate, what doth he there? STANLEY. I know not, mighty sovereign, but by guess. KING RICHARD. Well,
ce I came to this isle. And in the morn I'll bring you to your ship, and so to Naples, Where I have hope to see the nup
ome; take your place. Are you acquainted with the difference That holds this present question in the court? P
e away the harms I fear, Not fear still to be taken. I know his heart. What he hath utter'd I have wr
the chilling wind, and the darkling sky. Even Baskerville fell silent and pulled his overcoat more closely
h been in the party that followed them, and Stangerson had shot her father, which seemed to give him the best claim; but when they argued it out in
hat, when the brains were out, the man would die, And there an end; but now they rise again, With twenty mortal murthers on their crowns, 
t a frown they in their glory die. The painful warrior famoused for fight, After a thousand victories once foiled, Is from the book of honour razed quite, And all the rest forgot for which he 
parts? Come, come, you froward and unable worins! My mind hath been as big as one of yours, My heart as great, my reason hapl
pose hurried thence Me and thy crying self. MIRANDA. Alack, for pity! I, not rememb'ring how I cried out th
eapon out and laid it cocked upon the table. He still smiled and blinked, but there was something about his eyes which made me feel ver
me still, and never of me aught But what is like me formerly. MENENIUS. That's worthily As any ear can hear. Come, let's not weep. If I could shake off but one seven years From these old arms and le
ay Honour and policy, like unsever'd friends, I' th' war do grow together; grant that, and tell me In peace what each of them by th' other l
iscretion and reticence, it would have been impossible to make the facts public; but now the principal person concerned is beyond the reach of human law, and with
rned away and refused to speak with him. He was back from his mission in the afternoon, and saw McGinty at the Union Hou
stands it and wherein? YORK. Even in condition of the worst degree- In gross rebellion and detested treason. Thou ar
his noble carelessness lets them plainly see't. FIRST OFFICER. If he did not care whether he had their love
 of Cupid fell. It fell upon a little western flower, Before milk-white, now purple with love's wound, And maidens call it Love-in-idleness. Fetch me that flow'r, the herb I s
stress of her choice And could of men distinguish, her election Hath scald thee for herself. For thou hast been As one, in suff'ring all, that suffers nothing
 You take him into the back room. You'll be more likely to get a confession out of him alone. Ask him how he dared to admit people and
 him, for his silver hairs Will purchase us a good opinion, And buy men's voices to commend our deeds. It shall be said his judgement ruled 
LIA. That she was false to wedlock? OTHELLO. Ay, with Cassio. Nay, had she been true, If heaven would make me such another world Of one entire and perfect chrysolite
delirium, sometimes that it may have referred to some band of people, perhaps to these very gipsies in the plantation. I do not know whether the spo
me," said the American. "Well, you need a word as well as a set of figures before you can get the lock to work." He rose and showed a double-radiating disc roun
 will bid the Duke to the nuptial. But, O, how bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man's eyes! By so much the more shall I to-mor
d down on the bottom of his bunk he felt the outline of the pistols. If he had been silent he might have blown 
d stain'd the beauty of a fair queen's cheeks With tears drawn from her eyes by your foul wrongs; Myself-a prince by fortune of my birth, Near to the King in blood, and near in love Till you d
rebber by the collar, and when they came to the head of the steps he gave him a shove and a kick which sent him half across the road. 'You hound,' he cried, sha
ere above the earth And fix'd on spiritual object, he should still dwell in his musings; but I am afraid His thinkings are below the moon, not worth His serious considering. [The KING takes his
k Came to the field, and vanquished his foes. Methinks I should revive the soldiers' hearts, Because I ever found them as myself. TALBOT. Undaunted spirit in a dying breast! Then be i
osed, and the finely moulded hand which she rested upon the edge of the table was as steady as my own. Her sa
rown into the hazard. Tell him he hath made a match with such a wrangler That all the courts of France will be disturb'd With chaces. And we understand
ced round the key. Even without the lens you will perceive, by the scratches on this ward, where the pressure was applied. "
elding in the looks of France; Mark how they whisper. Urge them while their souls Are capable of this ambition, Lest zeal, now melted by the windy breath Of soft petitions, pity, a
athing of the sick man. "Give me the water!" he gasped. "You're precious near your end, my friend, but I don't 
e change; the sun borrows of the moon when Diomed keeps his word. I will rather leave to see Hector than not to dog him. They say
gether in the twilight, I told Holmes of my conversation with the lady. So interested was he that I had to repeat some of it twice before he w
ience but the tribulation of Tower-hill or the limbs of Limehouse, their dear brothers, are able to endure. I have 
not quite the way in which I should approach the case." "What would you do, then?" "Oh, you must not let me influence you in any way! I s
un set in the west. There is your money that I had to keep. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host. And stay there, Dromio, till I com
thered by thy shape. Let my presumption not provoke thy wrath, For I am sorry that with reverence I did 
oo strict to make mine own away; But you gave leave to my unwilling tongue Against my will to do myself this wrong. 
e someone to talk to, for my own thoughts are not over-pleasant. I was wondering what I should say to this dear little woman to-night when she meets
nger. "It was very essential for Stapleton to get some article of Sir Henry's attire so that, in case he was driven 
. So that you had her wrinkles and I her money, I would she did as you say. PAROLLES. Why, I say nothing. CLOWN. Marry, you are the wiser man; for many a man's
 How mean you that? No mates for you, Unless you were of gentler, milder mould. KATHERINA. I' faith, sir, you shall never need to fear; Iwis it is not halfway to her 
on; where you will hang like an icicle on Dutchman's beard, unless you do redeem it by some laudable attempt either of valour or policy. AGUE
riar. Sir, go you in; and, madam, go with him; And go, Sir Paris. Every one prepare To follow this fair corse unto her grav
 name remains To th' ensuing age abhorr'd.' Speak to me, son. Thou hast affected the fine strains of honour, To imitate t
light, And be no more an exhal'd meteor, A prodigy of fear, and a portent Of broached mischief to the unborn times? Wor. Hear me, my liege. For mine own part, I could be well
done, Howe'er my haps, my joys were ne'er begun. Exit. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAK
. Boys, we'll go dress our hunt. Fair youth, come in. Discourse is heavy, fasting; when we have supp'd, We'll mannerly d
ave married anyone else. She died, and left this one child, whom for her sake I have cherished and cared for. I could not acknowledge the paternity to the world; but
he air, Shall blow the horrid deed in every eye, That tears shall drown the wind. I have no spur To prick the sides of my intent, but only Vaulting a
 five o'clock when Sherlock Holmes left me, but I had no time to be lonely, for within an hour there a
ew hell in himself. BUCKINGHAM. Why the devil, Upon this French going out, took he upon him- Without the privity o' th' King-t' ap
 young man to look at! It is a lesson to us not to trust our own judgment, is it not, Lestrade?" "Yes, some of us are a little 
CURTIS. Is she so hot a shrew as she's reported? GRUMIO. She was, good Curtis, before this frost; but thou know'st winter tames man, woman, and beast; for it hath tam'd my old ma
e deuce is the matter with the dog?" growled Holmes. "They surely would not take a cab, or go off in a balloon." "Perhaps they stood here for some time," I suggested. "Ah! it's all righ
y lord, stand back, and let the coffin pass. GLOUCESTER. Unmannerd dog! Stand thou, when I command. Advance thy halberd higher than my breast, Or, 
m, My duty pricks me on to utter that Which else no worldly good should draw from me. Know, worthy prince, Sir Valentine, my friend, This night intends to steal aw
oving son? And by thy guess how nigh is Clarence now? SOMERVILLE. At Southam I did leave him with his forces, And do expect him here some two hours hence. [Drum
able rise; They only now come but to feast thine eyes. TIMON. They're welcome all; let 'em have kind admittance. Music
ing purg'd and depos'd. BASTARD. By heaven, these scroyles of Angiers flout you, kings, And stand securely on their battlements As in a theatre, whence they gape and point At your i
h forehead and her scarlet lip, By her fine foot, straight leg, and quivering thigh, And the demesnes that there adja
 Of wounds and scars, and that his forward spirit Would lift him where most trade of danger rang'd; Yet did you say 'Go forth'; and none of this, Though strongly a
nch window and threw it open. "There are no signs here, but the ground is iron hard, and one would not expect them. I see that these candles on the mantelpiece have been lighted." "Yes; it w
es, And in her eye there hath appear'd a fire To burn the errors that these princes hold Against her maiden truth. Call me
 lip, Nay, her foot speaks; her wanton spirits look out At every joint and motive of her body. O these encounters so glib of tongue That give a coasting we
could bury her with no sign of how she met her end, and even if she were exhumed there was a chance for them. I
mystery to his companions; though he made it clear to anyone who asked him that if he lived without any visible means it would very quickly bring the police upon his track.
 to infect his ear Feeds on his wonder, keep, himself in clouds, With pestilent speeches of his father's death, Wherein necessity, of matter beggar'd, Will nothing stick Our person to arraign In ea
e an assay of her virtue to practise his judgment with the disposition of natures. She, having the truth of honour in her, hath made him that gr
passed and set upon. No leisure had he to enrank his men; He wanted pikes to set before his archers; I
elonged to the attic, in one hand, and a small brass box, like a cashbox, in the other. "'They may do what they like, but I'll checkmate them sti
? O friar, the damned use that word in hell; Howling attends it! How hast thou the heart, Being a divine, a ghostly confessor, A
 Have from the forests shook three summers' pride, Three beauteous springs to yellow autumn turned, In process of the seasons have I see
ce; So, in the famous ancient city Tours, In presence of the Kings of France and Sicil, The Dukes of Orleans, Calaber, Bretagne
er to have the horse." I was about to make some reply in defence of my friend when he entered the room again. "Now, gentlemen," said he, "I am quite ready for Ta
er to give the idea someone had waited for him, opened the window, put blood on the--" "We can surely dismiss that," said MacDonald. "So I think. Suicide is out of the que
nd gone Is the next way to draw new mischief on. What cannot be preserved when Fortune takes, Patience her injury a mockery makes. The robb'd that smiles steals something from the thief; H
mmonplace, the papers are sterile; audacity and romance seem to have passed forever from the criminal world. Can you ask me,
ough. From the pressure of Holmes's shoulder against mine I knew that he was sharing my observations. Right in front of us, and almost within our reach, was the br
hshod over the rights of the commoners, confound them! And I've closed the wood where the Fernworthy folk used to picnic. These infernal people seem t
erges from the tunnel immediately before Aldgate Station. A courteous red-faced old gentleman represented the railway company. "This is
n Than all thy brothers; cherish it, my boy, And noble offices thou mayst effect Of mediation, after I am dead, Between his greatness and thy other
as nothing to do with the sad tragedy which followed. "The Coroner: That is for the court to decide. I need not point out to you that your refusal to a
aced close to the central window, with its back turned towards it. In this I was asked to sit, and then Mr. Rucastle, walking up and down on the other side of the room, began to tell me a series of t
To Ireland will you lead a band of men, Collected choicely, from each county some, And try your hap against the Irishmen? YORK. I will, my lord, so please his Majesty. SUF
 just keep you in sight until we have the warrant and can hold you." "You can do what you damn please about that," said Barker defiantly. The proceedi
 either of you know any inward impediment why you should not be conjoined, I charge you on your souls to utter it. Claud. Know you any, Hero? H
between us. We can be perfectly frank with each other. We want to know, Mr. Gilchrist, how you, an honourable man, ever came to commit such an action as that of yesterda
 you. ANTONIO. Hie thee, gentle Jew. Exit SHYLOCK The Hebrew will turn Christian: he grows kind. BASSANIO. I like not fa
m, blundering against boulders, forcing our way through gorse bushes, panting up hills and rushing down slopes, heading always in the directio
horse, coming away with a rush, passed the post a good six lengths before its rival, the Duke of Balmoral's Iris making a bad third. "It's my race, anyhow," gasped
such a zealous laughter, so profound, That in this spleen ridiculous appears, To check their folly, passion's solemn tears. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. But what, but w
one else could protect him. 'Us,' mark you! Another person was involved. Who should it be but the pale-faced, bearded man, who seemed himself in so nervous a state? What, 
, for example, its surface was broken by a very unexpected ripple, which has caused our friend considerable perplexity and annoyance. After the con
Than stamps in gold, or sums in sealed bags; And 'tis the very riches of thyself That now I aim at. ANNE. Gentle Master
peace. What is the matter, Aumerle? AUMERLE. Good mother, be content; it is no more Than my poor life must answer. DUCHESS. Thy life
e often you and I Upon faint primrose beds were wont to lie, Emptying our bosoms of their counsel sweet, There my Lysander and myself shall meet; And thence
ear mother, and by the love which had been between us, to hurl it into the fire and to never give one thought to it again. "'If then your eye goes onto read this l
the brother and sister. They dine here to-night, and there is some talk of our going to them next week. O
. KING. Ay, and the best she shall have; and my favour To him that does best. God forbid else. Cardinal, Prithee call Gardiner to me, my new secretary; I find him a fit fel
he servant, and this being a note of appointment from one to the other, is an ingenious and not entirely
me very hot and valiant. If I had a thousand sons, the first humane principle I would teach them should be to forswear thin potations and to addict themselves to s
t. My whole examination served to turn my conjecture into a certainty. Circumstantial evidence is occasionally very convincing, as when you find a trout in the milk, to quote Thoreau's exam
I had hoped for better things from him. One should always look for a possible alternative and provide against it. It is the first rule of criminal investigation." "What, then, is 
] Reg. Hang him instantly. Gon. Pluck out his eyes. Corn. Leave him to my displeasure. Edmund, keep you our sister company. The re
g flat upon his face. So engrossed was he with his occupation that he appeared to have forgotten our presence, for he chattered away to himself under his breath the whole time, keeping up a running f
of himself, his methods, or his successes--a prohibition which, as I have explained, has only now been removed. Mr. She
titude with loves Above their quantity. SECOND SENATOR. So did we woo Transformed Timon to our city's love
s, glancing over the dates, until at last he smoothed one out, doubled it over, and read the following paragraph: "
ame back to the Punjaub, where I lived mostly among the natives and picked up a living by the conjuring tricks th
best man in the Pinkerton service." "Does anyone know him by sight?" asked McGinty. "Yes," said McMurdo, "I do." There was a murmur of astonishment through the ha
n Jack with the Stars and Stripes." "The case has been an interesting one," remarked Holmes when our visitors had left us, "because it serves to show very clearly how simple the explanation may be
 apparently the cause of death. Therefore the shot must have been fired some time earlier than we are told. But there cou
u, that set the crown Upon the head of this forgetful man, And for his sake wear the detested blot Of murtherous subornation- shall it be Tha
And satisfy the deputy with the visage Of Ragozine, more like to Claudio? DUKE. O, 'tis an accident t
us first to the house, where he introduced us to a haggard, grey-haired woman, the widow of the murde
OUNTESS. If the living be enemy to the grief, the excess makes it soon mortal. BERTRAM. Madam, I desire your 
ures within the last few years, and as Lord St. Simon has no property of his own save the small estate of Birchmoor, it is obvio
e return of the new brown boot. Holmes sat in silence in the cab as we drove back to Baker Street, and I
marked that the paper had fallen away in parts. In this particular corner of the room a large piece h
 hanging in the stars, Shall bitterly begin his fearful date With this night's revels and expire the term Of a despised li
 it, was on the table; and beside it lay this rather curious stone-headed instrument. How does all that fit into your theory?" "Confirms it in every respect," said the fat detecti
ce, Than on the torture of the mind to lie In restless ecstasy. Duncan is in his grave; After life's fitfu
distinguish the two little dark punctures which would show where the poison fangs had done their work. 
r face. She was a large, impassive, heavy-featured woman with a stern set expression of mouth. But her tell-tale eyes were red and glanced at me from between swollen lids. It was she, then, who we
ding. There was but one problem before the public which could challenge his powers of analysis, and that was the singular disappearance of the favorite for the Wessex C
e." Evening was drawing in when we reassembled. Holmes was very serious in his manner, myself curious, and the detectives obviously critical and a
don't think you can find a queerer one than that. I sent the paper on ahead so that you might have time to study it before I came." "It is certainly rather a curious pr
opportunity you let time wash off, and you are now sail'd into the north of my lady's opinion; where you will hang like an icicle on Dutchman's beard, unless you do redeem it by some lauda
ng it here, you tell me that it is the same as a murder society called the Scowrers. I guess you owe me either an apology or else an explanation, Mr. Shafter." "I can but t
lius? POPILIUS. Fare you well. Advances to Caesar. BRUTUS. What said Popilius Lena? CASSIUS. He wish'd today our enterprise might thrive. I
Agent," printed upon it. I had never heard the name before and could not imagine what he wanted with me; but, of course, I asked her to sho
 pricking it for pity. Come, you shall go with us. VIRGILIA. No, good madam, pardon me; indeed I will not forth. VALERIA
of it. The very place puts toys of desperation, Without more motive, into every brain That looks so many fadoms to the sea And hears it roar beneath. Ham. It waves me s
st us pass'd But that the scambling and unquiet time Did push it out of farther question. ELY. But how, my lord, shall we resist it now? CANTERBURY. It 
DA. My lord, I do beseech you, pardon me; 'Twas not my purpose thus to beg a kiss. I am asham'd. O heavens! what have I done? For th
y will spit; and for lovers lacking- God warn us!- matter, the cleanliest shift is to kiss. ORLANDO. How if the kiss be denied? ROSALIND. Then she puts you to entreaty, and there beg
dark corners had been at home, he had lived. Exit ISABELLA DUKE. Sir, the Duke is marvellous little beholding to your rep
FLORIZEL. By his command Have I here touch'd Sicilia, and from him Give you all greetings that a king, at friend, Can send his brother; and, but infirmity, Which waits upon worn times, hath
anded on the lawn. His bicycle was kept in a small shed beside this lawn, and it also was gone. "He had been with me for two years
that prais'd my Lord Such-a-one's horse when he meant to beg it- might it not? Hor. Ay, my lord. Ham. Why, e'en so! and now my Lady Worm's, chapless, an
 matter; Now my sworn friend, and then mine enemy; My parasite, my soldier, statesman, all. He makes a July's day short as December, And with his var
se and known our means; And, my most noble friends, I pray you all Speak plainly your opinions of our hopes- And 
, Sahib," he said. "No one need know that you have killed him. Let us hide him away, and who is the wiser?" "I did not kill him," said I. Lal Chowdar shook his head and sm
 Suffolk. My soul shall thine keep company to heaven; Tarry, sweet soul, for mine, then fly abreast; As in this glori
l'd fellow's that? PROVOST. This is another prisoner that I sav'd, Who should have died when Claudio lost h
t did betray the Best! Turn then my freshest reputation to A savour that may strike the dullest nostril Where I arrive, and my approach be shunn'd, Nay, hated too, wo
d chase down the Thames. She listened with parted lips and shining eyes to my recital of our adventures. When I spoke of the dart which had so narrowly missed us, she turned so white that I feared t
derations in the background which would induce the Countess to part with half her fortune if she could but recover the gem." "It w
 division of the curtains in front of me and peeped through. From the pressure of Holmes's shoulder against mine I knew that he was sharing my observations. Right in 
gallery, and the corridor was all in darkness. Softly we stole along until we had come into the other wing. We were just in t
 century. Of the double moats which had guarded its more warlike predecessor, the outer had been allowed to dry up, and served the humb
ght, besides the little that I make by the machine, and I would give it all to know what has become of Mr. Hosmer Angel." "Why did you come away 
 I have seen the machine.' "'It is not worth your while to wait,' she went on. 'You can pass through the door; no one hinders.' An
 itself into the measured thud of heavy footsteps rapidly approaching. They were in the passage outside the room. T
rsation from the next room. It seemed interminable. Then the door opened, and McMurdo appeared, his finger upon his lip. He came to the end of the table and looked round at them. A
 in place of the one which your family is now devouring." When the commissionaire had gone, Holmes took up the stone and held it against the light.
y; not a jot the other, Being a murderer, though he were my brother. Enter CLAUDIO Look, here's the warrant, Claudio, for thy death; 
a message to the trainer and told him what had occurred. Straker was excited at hearing the account, alt
once attains the upmost round, He then unto the ladder turns his back, Looks in the clouds, scorning the base degrees By which he did ascend. So Caesar may; Then, les
r. Searching the window for a flint I found This paper thus seal'd up, and I am sure It did not lie there when I went to bed. Gives him the letter. BRUTUS. Get y
est? CATESBY. He doth entreat your Grace, my noble lord, To visit him to-morrow or next day. He is within, with two right reveren
sdom up to date, at any rate, since he has not been taken. But his description--what of that?" MacDonald referred to his notebook. "Here we have
oned all hope of escape. Single-handed, and with his limited knowledge of the mountains which surrounded the settlement, he knew tha
 snatched one of them up, opened it, and burst out into a triumphant chuckle of laughter. "Excellent, Watson. The alternative develops. Have you telegraph forms? Just write a cou
ither; And Censorinus, nobly named so, Twice being by the people chosen censor, Was his great ancestor. SICINIUS. One thus descended, That hath beside well in his person wrought To b
. 'Sblood, there is something in this more than natural, if philosophy could find it out. Flourish for the Players. Guil. There are the pl
'twere all alike As if we had them not. Spirits are not finely touch'd But to fine issues; nor Nature never lends The smallest scruple of her excellence But, like a thrifty goddess, she
vows of fidelity exacted upon a Testament, and hence also the allusions to a possibility of something happ
Madam, good night. Commend me to your daughter. Lady. I will, and know her mind early to-morrow; To-night she's mew'd up to h
, an a man could light on them, would take her with all faults, and money enough. GREMIO. I cannot te
; The wish would make else an unquiet house. SHYLOCK. [Aside] These be the Christian husbands! I have a daughter- Would any of the stock of Barrab
if she be froward, Then hast thou taught Hortensio to be untoward. Exit <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND I
ch a house as this. However, if it suits you, we will retire early to-night, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in the morning." I drew aside my curtains before I wen
 thee-keep it to thyself- This day those enernies are put to death, And I in better state than e'er I was. PURSUIVANT. God hold it, to your honour's good content! HASTINGS. Gramercy, Hastings; t
pose, then, that something was burned in each case which produced an atmosphere causing strange toxic effects. Very good. In the first instance--that of th
d not taken things for granted, if I had examined everything with care which I would have shown had we approached the case de novo and had 
n, We'll forward towards Warwick and his mates; For well I wot that Henry is no soldier. Ah, froward Clarence, how evil it beseems the To flatter 
IBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED
ORTIMER YORK. Sir john and Sir Hugh Mortimer, mine uncles! You are come to Sandal in a happy hour; The army of the Queen m
el war. Sixty and nine that wore Their crownets regal from th' Athenian bay Put forth toward Phrygia; and their vow is made To ransack Troy, within whose strong immures The r
ve gentleman, and the thin white hand which he laid on the mantelpiece as he rose was that of an artist rather than of a surgeon. His dress was quiet and sombre--
s strong will and untiring energy should, he determined, be devoted to that one end. With a grim, white face, he retraced his steps to where he had dropped the food, and having stirred up the 
ich my client had dragged from the mere. She had thrown them in there at the first opportunity to remove the last trace of her crime. "For tw
itors have we here? GLOUCESTER. Lieutenant, is it you whose voice I hear? Open the gates; here's Gloucester that would enter. WOODVILLE
m'd in eating him to hold him up, Are pluck'd up root and all by Bolingbroke- I mean the Earl of Wiltshire, Bushy, Green. SERVANT. What, are
nced to be at his hall door. I had descended from my gig and was standing in front of him, when I saw his eyes fix themselves over my shoulder, and stare past me with an expression of the mo
 of fear, and how either madness or death is the fate of the unhappy native who is subjected to the ordeal by the priest of his tribe. I told him also how powerless European science would be to det
! They do but jest, poison in jest; no offence i' th' world. King. What do you call the play? Ham. 'The Mousetrap.' Marry, how? Tropically. This play is the image of a murth
T. Not for my life; but yet I dare defend My innocent life against an emperor. SALISBURY. Thou art a murderer. HUBERT. Do not prove me s
, All my fond love thus do I blow to heaven. 'Tis gone. Arise, black vengeance, from thy hollow hell! Yield up, O love, thy crown and hearted throne To tyrannous hate! Swell, bosom, 
here we will, not appearing what we are, have some question with the shepherd; from whose simplicity I think it not uneasy to get the cause of my son's resort thither. Prithee b
y presumption not provoke thy wrath, For I am sorry that with reverence I did not entertain thee as t
hou wilt. And now to Paris in this conquering vein! All will be ours, now bloody Talbot's slain. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM 
aged to shoot one at us in the boat." "He had lost them all, sir, except the one which was in his bl
k not only as one comrade to another, but as a medical man to one for whose constitution he is to so
ss manager of the Franco-Midland Hardware Company, Limited, with a hundred and thirty-four branches in the towns and villages of
in a few days the London papers were full of the mysterious disappearance of Captain Morstan. You will see from 
 my man?" "At the bottom of the river," said Small, shortly. "Hum! There was no use your giving this unnecessary trouble. We h
 fearfully in the confined deep. Bring me but to the very brim of it, And I'll repair the misery thou dost bear With something rich about me. From that place I shall no leading need. Edg
, and ordered the driver to take us to the address given us by Lestrade. "There is nothing like first hand evidence," he remarked; "as a matter of fact, my mind is entirely 
the past, and the doctors hold out no hopes of the re-establishment of her reason. There is evidence that a woman, who might have been Mme. Fournaye, was seen for some hour
early days at the end of the '80's, when Alec MacDonald was far from having attained the national fame which he has now achieved. He was a yo
 which jutted the fantastic shapes of Belliver and Vixen Tor. Over the wide expanse there was no sound and no movement. One great gray bird, a gull or cur
. Friar. I am the greatest, able to do least, Yet most suspected, as the time and place Doth make against me, of this dire
gle lamp over the gateway and a steady globe of light in the fatal study. Everything else was dark and still. "How long is this to 
l, turning up the gas as she left us. "Mr. Peters will be with you in an instant," she said. Her words were literally true, for we had hardly time to look around the dust
 journey, and the hair bristled unkempt from the well-shaped head. It was a sorely-stricken man who lay before us. "What is it, Wat
I partly know the man. Go, call him hither, boy. Exit PAGE The deep-revolving witty Buckingham No more shall be the neighbour to my counsels. Hat
mir'd Than by the negligent. ANTONY. A good rebuke, Which might have well becom'd the best of men To taunt at s
succumbed. On the other hand, there was no wound upon his person, while the state of Straker's knife would show
ur Grace. For the purposes of my investigation I think that it would be wiser for me to remain at the scene of the mystery." "Just as you like, Mr.
 top-hat upon the sideboard, and with a slight bow sidled down into the nearest chair. "Good-evening, Mr. James Windibank," said Holmes. "I think that this typewritten letter is from you,
elescope upon the shoulder of the boy. It contained a loaf of bread, a tinned tongue, and two tins of preserved peaches. As I set it down again, after having exam
rogeny Forbid the smiling courtesy of love The holy suit which fain it would convince, Yet, since love's argument was first on foot, Let not the cloud of sorrow justle it F
arfully among the trembling reeds And hid his crisp head in the hollow bank, Bloodstained with these valiant cohabitan
m; from which the world should note Something particular. His coin, ships, legions, May be a coward's whose ministers would prevail Under the service of
et us conduct them thither; Then homeward every man attach the hand Of his fair mistress. In the afternoon We will with some strange pastime solace them, Such as the
or Frances. I was a wild youngster, I know--not worse than others of my class. But her mind was pure as snow. She could not bear a shadow of coarseness. So, when she came to hear of things that I h
t. The moment you arrive you will send a wire to Sir Henry Baskerville, in my name, to say that if he finds the pocket-book which I have dropped he is 
Gallop apace, you fiery-footed steeds, Towards Phoebus' lodging! Such a wagoner As Phaeton would whip you t
ked out at it. "Here is Lestrade with his warrant," said he. "He will find that his birds have flown. And here," h
h Queen Soldiers, Attendants, Messengers, Watchmen, etc. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY P
trength, Which they upon the adverse faction want. Up with the tent! Come, noble gentlemen, Let us survey the 
opholes. To right and left of the turrets were more modern wings of black granite. A dull light shone through hea
e dark tree-lined road. "I am going to force my way in and see for myself who is in the house. I wish you both to be there as witnesses." "You are quite determined to do this, in spi
 Geffrey's. In the name of God, How comes it then that thou art call'd a king, When living blood doth in these templ
 of them as would prevent any other victim from rebelling. At the meeting it was arranged that he and his house should be blown up 
e lamp was turned on my face." "It would be. Did you happen to observe a picture over the professor's head?" "I don't miss much, Mr. Holmes. Maybe I learned that 
vour'd rough things. Re-enter PAGE PAGE. Come, gentle Master Slender, come; we stay for you. SLENDER. I'll eat nothing, I thank 
ecessary question of the play be then to be considered. That's villanous and shows a most pitiful ambition in the fool that uses it. Go make you ready. Exeunt Players.
lf bound to put it on him. It is now high supper-time, and the night grows to waste. About it. RODERIGO. I
 said I. "Yes, I am." "Well, you know what my instructions are. I am sorry to intrude, but you heard how earnestly Holmes insisted that I should not 
f Windsor FORD PAGE WILLIAM PAGE, a boy, son to Page SIR HUGH EVANS, a Welsh parson DOCTOR CAIUS, a French 
nd tell her, I and Ursley Walk in the orchard, and our whole discourse Is all of her. Say that thou overheard'st us; And bid her steal i
ild cruel eyes and an expression of concentrated malevolence. My brother and I rushed towards the window, but 
se icy current and compulsive course Ne'er feels retiring ebb, but keeps due on To the Propontic and the Hellespont, Even so my bloody t
ave it at that and keep your head shut. Now I'll get down to the lodge, and we'll soon make old man Pinkerton sorry for himself." "You wouldn't kill this man?" "The less you know, Fr
oy of five who had seen his father murdered. I nearly fainted with the horror of it, and yet I had to keep a bold and smiling face; for we
k fellow, with his hat pushed back and several packages under his arm. "An old soldier, I perceive,"
will undertake it. BERTRAM. But you must not now slumber in it. PAROLLES. I'll about it this evening; and 
ce. Still thou mistak'st, Or else committ'st thy knaveries wilfully. PUCK. Believe me, king of shadows, I mistook. Did not you tell me I should know the man By the
 word, and let not discontent Daunt all your hopes. Madam, he comforts you Can make you greater than the Queen of Goths. Lavinia, you are not 
very powerful, not more than thirty. He is poorly dressed, and yet does not appear to be a labourer. A horn-handled clasp knife was lying in a poo
take to betray the Florentine? PAROLLES. Ay, and the Captain of his Horse, Count Rousillon. FIRST SOLDIER. I'll whisper with the General, and
In this mutiny the TRIBUNES, the AEDILES, and the people are beat in] MENENIUS. Go, get you to your house; be gone, 
is arm down to the bottom of the chest, and brought up a small wooden box with a sliding lid, such as children's toys are k
, coming round the curve!" From our drag we had a superb view as they came up the straight. The six horses were so close together that a carpet could have cove
, and yet I in the dining-room rushed upstairs instantly with the utmost certainty that something had happened.
reat matter in the ditty, yet the note was very untuneable. FIRST PAGE. YOU are deceiv'd, sir; we kept time, we lost not ou
h, would force the feeler's soul To th' oath of loyalty; this object, which Takes prisoner the wild motion of mine eye, Fixing it only 
ort account of the facts elicited at the death of Sir Charles Baskerville which occurred a few days before that date." My friend leaned a little forward and his e
room came from the lamp upon the table at which I had been reading. Holmes edged his way round the wall and flinging the shutters together, he bolted them securely. 
f me, and that the main objet must be to get out of the rent. It is late in March, so quarter-day is at hand. But this theory would not work. The 
ing to do with the matter. That's common sense. Man might have died in a fit; but then the jewels are 
al. Someone in the next room had lit a dark-lantern. I heard a gentle sound of movement, and then all was silent once more, though the smell grew stronger. For half an hour I sat with straining ear
He had spotted the place. He found that the stone which covered it was just too heavy for a man to move unaided. What would he do next? H
's a fool, and thou art another. I'll wear none but this. Marg. I like the new tire within excellently, if the hair were a thought browner; and
months my life was despaired of, and when at last I came to myself and became convalescent, I was so weak and emaciated that
g follow'd- O, when, I say, I look'd on Richard's face, This was my wish: 'Be thou' quoth I 'accurs'd For making me, so young, so old a widow; And when thou wed'st, l
nd she learns, with a mixture of pride and of fear, that a new and a larger nature has awoken within her. There are few who cannot
tson!" said he with a laugh. "Let us walk along the cliffs together and search for flint arrows. We are more likely to find them than clues to this problem. To let the brain work without suffici
re thee, Regan. Edmund, I hear that you have shown your father A childlike office. Edm. 'Twas my duty, sir. Glou. He did bewray his practice, and receiv'd This hurt yo
life? ISABELLA. Please you to do't, I'll take it as a peril to my soul It is no sin at all, but charity. ANGELO. Ple
tfully offer'd. There is nothing done, if he return the conqueror. Then am I the prisoner, and his bed my jail; from the loathed warmth whereof deliver 
rank nature, rather curious than in haste, Hath well compos'd thee. Thy father's moral parts Mayst thou inherit too! Welcome to Paris. BERTRAM. My thanks and duty are your 
burning. He had to pretend to be drunk in order to allay the suspicions which might have been aroused by his appearance at the gate. Now put yourself in that man's place. On thinking the matter
If I live to be as old as Sibylla, I will die as chaste as Diana, unless I be obtained by the manner of my father's will. I am glad this parc
, by my will we shall admit no parley. WESTMORELAND. That argues but the shame of your offence: A rotten case abides no handling. HASTINGS. Hath the Prince John a full commissio
ve perhaps some shallow spirit of judgment; But in these nice sharp quillets of the law, Good faith, I am no wiser than a daw. PLANTAGENET. Tut, tut, here is a mannerly forbea
 and implore me to give him an advance upon his allowance, that he might settle his debts of honour. He tried more than once to break away from the dangerous company which he was keeping, b
rness, have been unable to realize. You must stand clear, Mr. Holmes, or be trodden under foot.' "'I am afraid,' said I, rising, 'th
 "We thought that if we could only find--Good heavens, Mr. Holmes! What is the matter?" My poor frie
, of course. There is a door here which he might have attempted. What is it for?" "It is the side entrance for t
e events, To whose high will we bound our calm contents. To Bolingbroke are we sworn subjects now, Whose state and honour I for aye allow. DUCHESS. Here comes my son Aum
 should keep his little brain-attic stocked with all the furniture that he is likely to use, and the rest he can put away 
o like, if looking liking move; But no more deep will I endart mine eye Than your consent gives strength to make it fly. Enter Servingman. Serv. Madam, t
 get clear upon the subject. Turn over those papers and arrange the extracts in their order of time, while I take a glanc
rce extremes In their continuance will not feel themselves. Death, having prey'd upon the outward parts, Leaves them invisible, and his siege is now Against the mind, the which he
r wet faces. It is melancholy outside and in. The baronet is in a black reaction after the excitements of the night. I am conscious myself of a weight at my heart and a feel
Belike for want of rain, which I could well Beteem them from the tempest of my eyes. LYSANDER. Ay me! fo
from his cheek, And he will look as hollow as a ghost, As dim and meagre as an ague's fit; And so he'll die; and, rising so again, When I 
 beauteous lady Thisby is certain. This man, with lime and rough-cast, doth present Wall, that vile Wall which did these lovers sunder; And through Walls chink, poor souls, they are conten
ire last night, and I have been expecting you. Come and join us." Our visitor was an exceedingly alert man, thirty years of age, 
ecipitous slope and approached the body, black and clear against the silvered stones. The agony of those contorted limbs struck me with a spasm
of Wallenstein, and for its numerous glass-factories and paper-mills.' Ha, ha, my boy, what do you m
ory as throwing any possible light upon the tragedy? Think carefully, Mr. Tregennis, for any clue which can help
t himself up in his house and seldom came out save to indulge in ferocious quarrels with whoever might cross his path. Violence of temper approaching 
death more long in spectatorship and crueller in suffering; behold now presently, and swoon for what's to come upon thee. The glo
nour that I had not expected." "How's the arm?" asked the Boss. McMurdo made a wry face. "Well, I'm not forgetting it," he said; "but it's worth it." "Ye
rier. There was one way and only one in which he offended the susceptibilities of his co-religionists. No a
five as usual,' she said as she left him. I heard no more. They drove away in different directions, and I went off to make my own arrangements." "Which are?" "Some cold beef and a glass 
ere, Watson, is the Chislehurst train." The household of the Abbey Grange were much surprised at our return, but Sherlock Holmes, find
e main facts of the case, stripped of all surmise, and stated as baldly as possible. I shall now recapitulate what the police have done in the matter. "Inspector Grego
rror. Never had the cloud above them been so dark and hopeless as in the early summer of the year 1875. CHAPTER VI Danger It
e had seen upon the dead man. "It was the sight of that which started me on it. I seemed to see it all clear at
assed away from the family, and that it had ended with the last generation. I had begun to take comfort too soon, however; yesterday morning the blow
t yourself Into the hands of one that loves you not; To trust the opportunity of night, And the ill counsel of
e foot, To mend the petty present, I will piece Her opulent throne with kingdoms. All the East, Say thou, shall call he
ed them up onto the rack. "Have you heard anything of the case?" he asked. "Not a word. I have not seen a paper 
 was heavy with the smell of damp and decay. Now and again the moon peeped out for an instant, but clouds were driving ove
, holding on to the skirt of his coat, and said nothing but looked all round her with the wondering questioning gaze of childhood. The rescuing party were speedily able
e he stopped at the shop of Harding Brothers, whence the bust had been purchased. A young assistant informed 
nally he thrust the sharp point home, pressed down the tiny piston, and sank back into the velvet-lined arm-ch
 "Didn't he get the telegram? If there is any mistake it is for Mr. Barrymore himself to complain." It seemed hopeless to pursue the inquiry any farther, but it was clear that in spite o
ow; Thou makest the triumviry, the corner-cap of society, The shape of Love's Tyburn that hangs up simplicity. LO
tured child, or the thud of a drunkard's blow, does not beget sympathy and indignation among the neighbours, and then
 was too strict to make mine own away; But you gave leave to my unwilling tongue Against my will to do myself this wrong. KING RICHARD. Cousin, farewell; and, uncle, bid him so. Six yea
ses very loudly.' "'I was just looking for the offices when you came.' "'We have not got our name up yet, for we onl
tures were to be had, Jefferson Hope had been there in search of them. He soon became a favourite with the old farmer, who spoke eloquently of his virtues. On such occasions, Lucy 
 gathering at the country house of a cabinet minister. The conversation was amazingly indiscreet." Von 
 to the arrangement more than any argument could have done. He had always determined, deep down in his res
st, sir, and hang'd after. Proclaim it, Provost, round about the city, If any woman wrong'd by this lewd fellow- As I have heard him swear himself the
erse side, I should not think it strange; for 'tis a physic That's bitter to sweet end. MARIANA. I would Friar Peter- Enter FRIAR PETER ISABELLA. O, peace! the
is woeful. We are too open here to argue this; Let's think in private more. Exeunt ACT II. SCENE 2. London. The palace Enter the LORD CHAMBERLAI
r of fact that screw was not used. This bottle was opened by a pocket-screw, probably contained in a knife, an
ece Of excellent witchcraft, who of force must know The royal fool thou cop'st with- SHEPHERD. O, my heart! POLIXENES. I'll have thy be
 to thee, to give thy rages balm, To wipe out our ingratitude with loves Above their quantity. SECOND SENATOR. So did we woo Transformed Timon to our city's lo
 of Pewter. But, Francis, darest thou be so valiant as to play the coward with thy indenture and show it a fair pair of heels and run from it? Fran. O Lord, sir, I'll be sworn upon all the 
 a peace. Exeunt THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED B
tended by ADRIAN and FRANCISCO. They all enter the circle which PROSPERO had made, and there stand charm'd;
nel," "Rosythe," and a score of others. Each compartment was bristling with papers and plans. "Colossal!" said the secretary. Putting down his cigar he
ghly sensational and flowery rendering of the whole incident. Holmes propped it against the cruet-stand and read it while he ate. Once or twice he chuckled. "This is all 
ntricate defiles and over irregular and rock-strewn paths. More than once they lost their way, but Hope's intimate knowledge of the mounta
sed. Sir Charles had evidently stood there for five or ten minutes." "How do you know that?" "Because the ash had twice dropped from
es; "this beauty has guessed Miss Hunter's intentions and has carried his victim off." "But how?" "Through the skylight. We shall soon see how he m
ng his belief in her renown With tokens thus and thus; averring notes Of chamber-hanging, pictures, this her bracelet- O cunning, how
 cheroots, while the country was in a blaze about him. Of course we stuck by him, I and Dawson, who, with his wife, used to do the book-work and the managing. Well, one fine day th
d displayed upon the centre of the palm a brilliantly scintillating blue stone, rather smaller than a bean in size, but of such purity and radiance
k we may dismiss the matter from our mind and go back with a clear conscience to the study of those Chaldean roots which are su
re, fortunately, the only man in London who does. Do you know what is the matter with you?" "The same," said Holmes. "Ah! You recognize the symp
 we together for the public good, In what we can, to bridle and suppress The pride of Suffolk and the Cardinal, With Somerset's and Buckingham's ambition; And, as we may,
 that same wall; the truth is so; And this the cranny is, right and sinister, Through which the fearful lovers are to whisper. THESEUS. Would you 
d in it. Now, of the two men, it is clear that the one who wrote the 'at' and 'to' was the ringleader." "How do you get at that?" "We might deduce it
he velvet leaves the wind, All unseen, can passage find; That the lover, sick to death, Wish'd himself the heaven's breath. "Air," quoth he "thy cheeks may blow; Air, would I might
Ay, ay, you writ them, sir, at my request; But I will none of them; they are for you: I would have h
sible. IAGO. Lay thy finger thus, and let thy soul be instructed. Mark me with what violence she first loved the Moor, but for bragging and telling her fantastical
eath, And twenty times made pause to sob and weep That all the standers-by had wet their cheeks Like trees bedash'd with rain-in that sad time My manl
h nonsense.' "It was in vain to argue with him, for he was a very obstinate man. I went about, however, w
his chest. On it was printed, in bold straggling letters:-- "Twenty-nine days are given you for amendment, and then--" The dash was more fear-inspiring than any threat could have been. How this
ved already that you are little better than false knaves, and it will go near to be thought so shortly. How answer you for yourselves? Con. Marry, sir, we say we are
 his full powers. "I am glad to meet you, sir," said he, putting out a broad, fat hand like the flipper of a seal. "I hear of Sherlock e
navy thrive, I have an absolute hope Our landmen will stand up. THIRD SOLDIER. 'Tis a brave army, And full of purpose. [Music of the hautboys is under t
ain it is I lik'd her, And boarded her i' th' wanton way of youth. She knew her distance, and did angle for me, Madding my eagerness with her restraint, As all 
 thought occurred to me that you were in the town, and I came straight round to put the matter into your hands. Do h
rk you, Tybalt being slain so late, It may be thought we held him carelessly, Being our kinsman, if we revel much. Therefore we'll have some half a dozen friends, And there an en
he inquest on Tuesday, he was on Wednesday brought before the magistrates at Ross, who have referred the case to the next Assizes. Those ar
Nevil's crest, The rampant bear chain'd to the ragged staff, This day I'll wear aloft my burgonet, As on a mountain-top the cedar shows, That keeps his leaves 
mes back. What would you undertake To show yourself your father's son in deed More than in words? Laer. To cut his throat i' th' church! King. No place indeed should murther san
ome dramatic entrances and exits upon our small stage at Baker Street, but I cannot recollect anything more sudden and startling than the first appearance of Thorneycroft Huxtable, M.A., P
has certainly got himself into very deep water, and it's a question whether we shall ever be able to get him ashore. What did you think of Miss Harrison?" "A girl of strong character." "Yes
in such a case--that he was not entirely happy at home. It is an open secret that the Duke's married life had not been a peaceful one, and the matter had ended in a separation by mutual consent, the
 neither fascinating nor artistic." "A certain selection and discretion must be used in producing a realistic effect," remarked Holmes. "This is wanting 
meth good that, with some little train, Forthwith from Ludlow the young prince be fet Hither to Lond
LD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH
tlemen (Marcellus and Bernardo) on their watch In the dead vast and middle of the night Been thus encount'red. A figure like your f
" He stepped past and laid his hand upon the glossy neck of the thoroughbred. "The horse!" cried both the Colonel and myself. 
 for, between you and me--and perhaps I'm going further than my duty in saying it--they could get no clear case against you, and Chicag
ied? FLORIZEL. We are not, sir, nor are we like to be; The stars, I see, will kiss the valleys first. The odds for high and low's alike. LEONT
. 'Shall'! O good but most unwise patricians! Why, You grave but reckless senators, have you thus Given Hydra
erceived that her ear corresponded exactly with the female ear which I had just inspected. The matter was entirely beyond coincidence. There was the same shorte
t let it have. As for my sons, say I account of them As jewels purchas'd at an easy price; And yet dear too, because I bought mine own. AARON. I go, Andronicus; and for thy hand Look 
cut up over this, for the man has been in his service for years and was a good servant. It's evidently the same villains who broke into Acton's." "And
 Downs, notoriety has become hateful to him, and he has peremptorily requested that his wishes in this matter should be st
e away, Sets down her babe and makes all swift dispatch In pursuit of the thing she would have stay: Whilst her neglected
e seems warm upon her lip. LEONTES. The fixture of her eye has motion in't, As we are mock'd with art. PAULINA. I'll draw t
y mastiff. I call him mine, but really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything with him. We feed him once a day, and not too much then, so that he is always as keen as must
h may account for his leading the horse from the stable." Holmes pricked up his ears. "We have found trace
 rest in peace. I love and am loved by a better man than he. The King may do what he will without hindrance from one whom
urtesy, You would not do me thus much injury. Can you not hate me, as I know you do, But you must join in souls to mock me too?
f the whereabouts of Stangerson. We are glad to learn that Mr. Lestrade and Mr. Gregson, of Scotland Yard, are
not sanguine that she would. She must have heard of the business the day before, since all Croydon was ringing with it, and she alone could ha
 had, as you saw, the best of the first exchanges; but my self-respect and my reputation are concerned to fight it to
 she is." "We met the dog-cart on the road. There was no one in it. We drove back to help the young lady." "
as found lying on the grass within a few paces of the body. Under these circumstances the young man was instantly arrested, and a verdict of 'wilful murder' having been returned at the inquest
ctions. When that the general is not like the hive, To whom the foragers shall all repair, What honey is expected? Degree being vizarded, Th' unworthiest shows as fairly in the mas
tty cottage where the murdered man had lived, and walked up an oak-lined avenue to the fine old Queen Anne house, which bears the date of Malplaquet upon the lintel o
 my lord? Who has the office? Send Thy token of reprieve. Edm. Well thought on. Take my sword; Give it the Captain. Alb. 
ell-kept house in the outskirts of the town sheltered the bereaved mother. The old lady was too dazed with grief to be of any use to us, but at her side was a white-faced
inine skirts down the passage, and the hall door was opened and shut. "Our time is limited, Watson," said Holmes. "If you try to stop us, Peters, you will most certai
 entirely see all the steps of your reasoning," I remarked. "Well, of course it was obvious from the first that this Mr. 
nt, a cleanser of the system. "By the way, Holmes," I added, "I have no doubt the connection between my boots and
 huge ledger upon the table, and a telephone projecting from the wall. The inspector sat down at his desk. "What can I do for you, Mr. Holmes?" "I called about that be
ry day, and fleet the time carelessly, as they did in the golden world. OLIVER. What, you wrestle to-morrow before the 
ght, I'll come at the word, Jack." Somewhat eased in mind, now that his own preparations for escape had been begun, McMurdo went on to the lodge. It had already assembled, 
he rocks watching them, very much puzzled as to what I should do next. To follow them and break into their intimate conversat
gns confirmers of thy words? Then speak again-not all thy former tale, But this one word, whether thy tale be true. SALISBURY. As true as I believe you th
d, finally, there was this very important piece of evidence which was found clasped in the dead man's right hand." From his pocket Stanley Hopkins dr
e is a German. Do you note the peculiar construction of the sentence--'This account of you we have from all quarters received.' A Frenchman or Russian 
es so that it assaults Mercy itself, and frees all faults. As you from crimes would pardon'd be, Let your indulgence set me free. THE END <<THIS ELEC
all Street Post Office, to be left till called for. He said that if they were sent to the office he would be chaffe
'd like a mine. Their dwarfish pages were As cherubins, an gilt; the madams too, Not us'd to toil, did almost sweat to bear The pride upon them, that their very labour Was to them as a p
daughter were walking in front of us. "'It's infernally dark,' said he, stamping about. "'We'll soon have a light,' I said, striking a match and putting it to a wax candle which I had brought with me
n times more gentle than her father's crabbed; And he's compos'd of harshness. I must remove Some thousands of these logs, and pile them up, Upon a sore injunction;
metime clouds When they do hug him in their melting bosoms. MARCUS. O brother, speak with possibility, And do not break into these deep extremes. TITUS. Is not my sorrow deep, having no
rld would be behind it. When we were in Switzerland he followed us with Moriarty, and it was undoubtedly he who gave me that evil five minutes on the R
ARD. Faith, unless you play the honest Troyan, the poor wench is cast away. She's quick; the child brags in her belly already; 'tis yours. ARMADO. Dost thou infamoni
e in him. He loves you, on my life, and holds you dear As Harry Duke of Hereford, were he here. KING RICHARD. Right, you say true: as He
-" "Pooh! All that is clear enough," said Holmes impatiently. "It is this last sudden move." "You understand the rest,
 now, I do respect thee as my soul. King. I saw him hold Lord Percy at the point With lustier maintenance than I did look for Of such an ungrown warrior. Prince. O, 
ear I heard my father give a sharp cry of surprise as we sat together at the breakfast-table. There he was, sitting with a newly opened envelope i
RLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY B
th wild cruel eyes and an expression of concentrated malevolence. My brother and I rushed towards the window, but the man was gone. When we returned to my father his hea
, As if it fed ye; and how sleek and wanton Ye appear in every thing may bring my ruin! Follow your envious courses, men of malice; You have Christian warrant for 'em, an
! Here will we sit and let the sounds of music Creep in our ears; soft stillness and the night Become 
ath found The head and source of all your son's distemper. Queen. I doubt it is no other but the main, His father's death and our o'erhasty marriage. King. Well, we shall sift him. Enter Polonius,
t Against my fire; and wast thou fain, poor father, To hovel thee with swine and rogues forlorn, In short and musty straw? Alack, alack!
e malcontents, who had left Utah and become Gentiles. Among these had been Drebber and Stangerson; and no one knew whither they h
r bed this morning had not been slept in, her room was empty, and a note for me lay upon the hall table. I had said to her last night, 
 "For four years I had seen nothing of him until one morning he walked into my room in Montague Street. He had changed little, was dressed l
 world ignorant of her worth; For the four winds blow in from every coast Renowned suitors, and her sunny
ch several article herein redress'd, All members of our cause, both here and hence, That are insinewed to this action, Acquitted by a true substantial form, And pres
our came. Eight of his chief followers shared his fate. Fifty-odd had various degrees of imprisonment. The work of Birdy Edwards was 
our came. Eight of his chief followers shared his fate. Fifty-odd had various degrees of imprisonment. The work of Birdy Edwards was complete. And yet, as he had
t a heart which in his level came Could scape the hail of his all-hurting aim, Showing fair nature is both kind and tame; And, veiled in
ust not deny me: I must go with you to Belmont. BASSANIO. Why, then you must. But hear thee, Gratiano: Thou art too wild, too rude, and bold 
n I went to see if the door was fastened for the night I met her slipping in. I saw the man, too, in the gloom." "Do you know him?" "Oh, yes! 
oot did stand Upon the farthest earth removed from thee, For nimble thought can jump both sea and land, As soon as think the place w
 but one step from the grotesque to the horrible." THE ADVENTURE OF THE CARDBOARD BOX In choosing a few typical 
ot another word of the matter until we have a few solid stepping-stones on which we may hope to get across to our solution." We had ascertained from the lady 
oking which struck the quarters, and I thought more than once that it had stopped. At last however about two in the morning, I suddenly
y my employer, who was as amiable as ever, and was introduced by him that evening to his wife and the child. There was no truth, Mr. Hol
ond place, why did you not come at once?" "What do you mean?" Holmes glanced at his watch. "It is a quarter-past two," he said.
hose things I told you of? Beat. I cry you mercy, uncle, By your Grace's pardon. Exit. Pedro. By my troth, a pleasant-spirited lady. Leon. There's little of the
ter Robert Shallow. [Exit SHALLOW] Bardolph, look to our horses. [Exeunt BARDOLPH and PAGE] If I were sawed int
r'd night, Find what thou want'st by free and offer'd light. Come. TIMON. [Aside] I'll meet you at the turn. What a god's gold, That he is worshipp'd in a baser
powers. For my sake be comfortable; hold death awhile at the arm's end. I will here be with the presently; 
ike mine, should be your clock, And strike you home without a messenger. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Come, Dromio
rta; never did I hear Such gallant chiding, for, besides the groves, The skies, the fountains, every region near Seem'd all one mut
ecently had not been a healthy one. "I am glad to stretch myself, Watson," said he. "It is no joke when a tall man has to take a foot off his stature for several hours on end. Now
 out into tears? Mess. In great measure. Leon. A kind overflow of kindness. There are no faces truer than those that are so wash'd. How much better is it to weep 
te purpose may be even more important. Henderson has two children--girls of eleven and thirteen. Their governess is a Miss Burnet, an 
thout her power. These three have robb'd me; and this demi-devil- For he's a bastard one-had plotted with them To take my life. Two of these fellows you Must know and ow
e of yesterday evening in making enquiries entirely without avail. This morning I began very early, and at eight o'clock I reached Halliday's Private Hotel, in Little George S
e inspector. "It would have been an easier task a week ago," said he. "But even now my visit may not be entirely fruitless. Watson, if you can spare the time I should be
 I remarked. "'That is not danger,' said he. 'It is inevitable destruction. You stand in the way not merely of an individual, but of a mighty organizat
please your Majesty to give us leave Freely to render what we have in charge; Or shall we sparingly show you far of The Dau
t KING, LONGAVILLE, and DUMAIN BEROWNE. I'll lay my head to any good man's hat These oaths and laws will prove an idle scorn. Sirrah, come on. COSTARD. I suff
got out my revolver and I sat up in my study, which overlooks the lawn and garden. About two in the morning I was seated by the w
I have been consul, and can show for Rome Her enemies' marks upon me. I do love My country's good with a respect more tender, More holy and pro
y-tinted tweed suit and had the weather-beaten appearance of one who has spent most of his time in the open air, and yet there was something in his 
And shake the peace and safety of our throne. And what say you to this? Percy, Northumberland, The Archbishop's Grace of York, Douglas, Mortimer Capitulate against us and are up. But
 us, low, but thick and well defined. The moon shone on it, and it looked like a great shimmering ice-field, with the heads of the distant tors as rocks borne upon its sur
 In only one matter has she ever gone against my wishes. Twice my boy has asked her to marry him, for he loves her devotedly, but each time she has refused him. I thi
here's husbandry in heaven, Their candles are all out. Take thee that too. A heavy summons lies like lead upon me, And yet I would not sleep. Merciful powers, Restrain
Jefferson Hope felt his head spin round, and had to lean upon his rifle to save himself from falling. He was essen
" Lestrade shrugged his shoulders. "I am afraid that my colleague has been a little quick in forming his conclusio
ur thought it worth his while to consult, even at the risk of the loss of his place.' "'It is rather an absurd bus
'I am sure if I had known--' "'Well, then, you know now. And if you ever put your foot over that threshold again'--here in an instant the smile 
h powder, which had not yet been consumed. Half of this I took, as you saw, and I placed it in an envelope." "Why half, Holmes?" "It is not for me, my dear Watson, to stand 
 time, against thou shalt awake, Shall Romeo by my letters know our drift; And hither shall he come; and he and I Will watch thy waking, and t
y issue's fail, and that gave to me Many a groaning throe. Thus hulling in The wild sea of my conscience, I did steer Toward this remedy, whereupon we are Now present here together; that's to say I m
way toward Bury, to the Dauphin there! PEMBROKE. There tell the King he may inquire us out. Exeunt LORDS BASTARD. Here's a good world! Knew you of this fair work? Beyond the infinite and 
ght wooed Margaret, the Lady Hero's gentlewoman, by the name of Hero. She leans me out at her mistress' chamber window, bids me a thousand times good night--I tell this tale vilely; I should fi
s well assured from the bearing of this master huntsman that the adventure was a most grave one, while the sardonic smile which occasionally broke through his ascetic gloom boded little good for 
o been guided along the crooked and winding path. Is there any point which is not quite clear to you?" "The object of the mulatto cook's return?" "I think that the strange crea
 it? You won't find the laugh on your side, I promise you. Take him down and keep him in the sitting-room until I come. Mr. Holmes," he continued, when they had gone, "I could not 
m, which stood upon the left-hand side of the passage. The old woman was pacing up and down with a scared look and restless picking fingers, but the sight of Miss Morstan appeared to have a soothing
s of despis'd love, the law's delay, The insolence of office, and the spurns That patient merit of th' unworthy takes, When he himself might hi
ve thyself; And bid the merry bells ring to thine ear That thou art crowned, not that I am dead. Let all the 
lucidity to explain the situation. "I must inform you, gentlemen, that the Priory is a preparatory school, of which I am the founder and principal. 'Hu
 as we emerged from the veranda and followed hard at our heels. Holmes seemed to know the ground perfectly, and he threaded his wa
e thee for reward a thousand marks, And will that thou thenceforth attend on us. IDEN. May Iden live to merit suc
ntonio's son, A man well known throughout all Italy. BAPTISTA. I know him well; you are welcome for his sake. GREMIO. Saving your tale, Petruchio, 
nd. "It was kind of you to come." "Why did you not put your name to the note?" "One has to be cautious, mister. One never knows in times like these how 
Lestrade laughed. "I am afraid that I am still a sceptic," he said. "Theories are all very well, but we have to deal with a hard-headed British jury." "Nou
hould think, sound at heart." "I cannot admire his taste," I remarked, "if it is indeed a fact that he was ave
lling lust, And tumble me into some loathsome pit, Where never man's eye may behold my body; Do this, and be a charitable murderer
d of an hour no wiser than before. "Well, after this fiasco I went into the bedroom and examined that 
n herself; I had other things to have spoken with her too, from him. FALSTAFF. What are they? Let us know. HOST. Ay, co
 had taken refuge in the fort, and applied for admission there himself next day, but could find no trace of Achmet. This seemed to him so strange that he spoke ab
eartfelt prayer when they saw the broad valley of Utah bathed in the sunlight beneath them, and learned from the lips of their leader that this was the promised land, 
I know not how I lost him. Here I kneel: If e'er my will did trespass 'gainst his love Either in discourse of thought or actual deed, Or that mine e
er. "Why, Holmes, it is a child's drawing," I cried. "Oh, that's your idea!" "What else should it be?" "That is what Mr. Hilton Cubitt, of Ridling Thorpe Manor, No
ck again To look into this business thoroughly And call these foul offenders to their answers, And poise the cause in
found to contain a very large and lustrous pearl. No word of writing was enclosed. Since then every year 
And let him know so. Capt. I will do't, my lord. For. Go softly on. Exeunt [all but the Captain]. Enter Hamlet, Rosencrantz, [Guildenstern,] and others. Ham. Good sir, whose powers are these? Ca
ckets, blackmailers, and card sharpers at the other, with every sort of crime in between. His chief of staff is Colonel Sebastian Moran, as aloof and guarded and inaccessible to the law as himse
answer you with gait and entrance. But we are prevented. Enter OLIVIA and MARIA Most excellent accomplish'd lady, the heavens rain odours on you! AGUECHEEK. That youth's a rare courtier- 
ate the rest. Virtue and she Is her own dower; honour and wealth from me. BERTRAM. I cannot love her, nor w
escended from my gig and was standing in front of him, when I saw his eyes fix themselves over my shoulder, and stare past me with an expression of th
n, I am sure, cannot carry his valour; for the goose carries not the fox. It is well. Leave it to his discretion, and let us listen to the Moon. MOONSHINE. This lanthorn
loves, And dare avow her beauty and her worth In other arms than hers-to him this challenge. Hector, in view of 
 to the swain, bring him festinately hither; I must employ him in a letter to my love. MOTH. Master,
hen this breaking of his has been but a try for his friends? PAINTER. Nothing else. You shall see him a palm in 
slightest worship of his time, Or I will tear the reckoning from his heart. This in the name of God I promise here; The which if he be pleas'd I shall perfor
ak. WARWICK. I think his understanding is bereft. Speak, Clifford, dost thou know who speaks to thee? Dark cloudy death o'ershades his beams of life, And he nor see
lancing his eye down it. "This is the Dundas separation case, and, as it happens, I was engaged in clearing up some small points in connection with it. The husband was a teetotaler, there was no
 We sympathise. Jove let Aeneas live, If to my sword his fate be not the glory, A thousand complete courses of the sun! But in mine emulous honour let him di
odolphin Street with our friends of the regular establishment. With Eduardo Lucas lies the solution of our problem, though I must admit that I have not an inkling as to what form it m
ly. WARWICK. Father, the Duke hath told the truth; Thus got the house of Lancaster the crown. YORK. Which now they hold by force, and not by right; For Ri
CE. Go one, and call the Jew into the court. SALERIO. He is ready at the door; he comes, my lord. Enter SHYLOCK DUKE OF VENICE. Make roo
 thy spirits up into the air. Conceive, and fare thee well. Edm. Yours in the ranks of death! Exit. Gon. My most dear Glo
-eyed men. Many were the cries of astonishment and of commiseration which arose from them when they perceived the youth of o
ved his hand towards the line of portraits which covered the opposite wall. "Watson won't allow that I know anything of art,
o for three mornings the mystery remained, so far as I could follow it in the papers. If Holmes knew more he kept his 
and an affliction of the nature of St. Vitus's dance from which he suffered, had very much thinned it. The public not unnaturally goes on the principle that he who wou
I know not: how gets the tide in? As much as one sound cudgel of four foot- You see the poor remainder-could distribute, I made no spare, sir. PORTER. You did 
er That could endure the toothache patiently, However they have writ the style of gods And made a push at chance and sufferance. Ant. Yet bend not all the harm upon yourself.
 th' moon. Edm. Take them away. Lear. Upon such sacrifices, my Cordelia, The gods themselves throw incense. Have I
ll. Go, father, with thy son. Take leave of thy old master, and inquire My lodging out. [To a SERVANT] Give him a livery More guarded than his fellows'; se
f heart- CRESSIDA. I true! how now! What wicked deem is this? TROILUS. Nay, we must use expostulation kindly, For it is parting from us. I speak not 'Be thou true' a
nd yet my clear duty was never for an instant to let him out of my sight. To act the spy upon a friend was a hateful task. Still, I could see no better course than to obse
two-and-thirty years. God reward me for it! Bard. 'Sblood, I would my face were in your belly! Fal. God-a-mercy! so should I be
is she, and I do give you her. Claud. Why then, she's mine. Sweet, let me see your face. Leon. No, that you shall not 
essional beauties. There will be some fun over this case if they are both put upon the scent." I was amazed at the calm way in which he rippled on. "Surely there is not a mome
 these letters are in my name. Soft! here follows prose. [Reads] 'If this fall into thy hand, revolve. In my stars I am above thee; but be not afraid
he may never have known the purpose for which the beast was used. "The Stapletons then went down to Devonshire, whither they were soon fo
t, set awork by a reproveable badness in himself. Edm. How malicious is my fortune that I must repent to be just! This is the letter he spoke of, which approves him an intel
ar and on speedy foot. The main descry Stands on the hourly thought. Edg. I thank you sir. That's all. Gent. Though that the
me to an end, for either you or I shall never see to-morrow's sun rise.' He shrunk still further away as I spoke, a
counter frankly judge And gather by him, as he is behav'd, If't be th' affliction of his love, or no, That thus he suffers for. Queen. I shall obey you; And for your part, O
 SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. SCENE II. The park Enter the PRINCESS OF FRANCE, with three atte
, or else thy person, Our comfort in the country. We must find An evident calamity, though we had Our wish, which s
-gods. Go in with me, and I will tell you my drift. Exeunt. Scene II. A hall in Leonato's house. Enter [Don] John and Borachio. John. It is so. The Co
, stared down upon us and daunted us by their silent company. We talked little, and I for one was glad when the meal was over and we were able to retire into th
Rucastle, both Toller and his wife find something to do in these deserted rooms, and I once saw him carrying a large black linen bag with him through the door.
e, for Lancaster! [He and his forces enter the city] GLOUCESTER. Thou and thy brother both shall buy this treason Even with the dearest blood your bodies bear. KING EDWARD. The harder match'd, th
ld renown'd For hardy and undoubted champions; Two Cliffords, as the father and the son; And two Northumberlands- two braver men Ne'er spurr'd their courser
ed her. For years she has loved me. There is the secret of that Cornish seclusion which people have marvelled at. It has brought me close to the one t
ted before us. "I may have spoken too warmly, sir," said he, "and if I have, I am sure that I beg your pardo
ted before us. "I may have spoken too warmly, sir," said he, "and if I have, I am sure that I beg your pardon. At the same time, I was very much surprised when I heard you two gentlemen come back 
r, but at that moment her knees seemed to give way and she fell to the ground. She writhed as one who is in terrible pain, and her limbs w
pressed excitement in his manner which convinced me, used as I was to his ways, that his hand was upon a clue, though I could not imagine where he 
kneel. Lear. Pray, do not mock me. I am a very foolish fond old man, Fourscore and upward, not an hour more nor less; And, to deal plainly, I fear I
dull, indeed, if I do not pronounce him to be an active member of the medical profession." I could not help laughing at the ease with
nd maintain talk with the Duke, that my charity be not of him perceived. If he ask for me, I am ill and gone to bed. Though I die for't, as no less is threat'ned me, the King my
he engagement between the Honourable Miss Miles and Colonel Dorking? Only two days before the wedding there was a paragraph
e house--all alone at the Iron Dike crossroad, same as you see here on the map--without another within earshot. It's no good by day. He's armed and shoots quick an
of our sovereign lord the King, thy royal husband: the pretence whereof being by circumstances partly laid open, thou, Hermione, contrary to the faith and allegiance of true subject, di
 horror, "The sign of the four." "In God's name, what does it all mean?" I asked. "It means murder," said he, stooping over the dead man. "Ah, I expected it. Lo
e honours, nor attend the foot That leaves the print of blood where'er it walks. Return and tell him so. We know the worst. B
 A shadow passed over the gaunt face of the explorer. "You are very inquisitive, Mr. Holmes." "It is my business." With an effort Dr. Ste
u to come to-night by the last train.' "'Where to?' "'To Eyford, in Berkshire. It is a little place near the borders of Oxfordshire, and within seven miles of Readi
 connection. Here are the missing links of the very simple chain: 1. You had chalk between your left f
uncle away. I'll have the plate moved over to the bank this evening. In the meantime spare no pains, Mr. Detective! I beg you to leave no sto
until you had been on the scene of the crime." "It was very nice and complimentary of you," Holmes answered. "It is entirely a question of barometric pressure
y was to catch him in the very act, and I could not but admire the cunning with which my friend had inserted
 then; if his face be the worst thing about him, how could Master Froth do the constable's wife any harm? I would know that of your honour. ESCAL
frost had set in, and the windows were thick with the ice crystals. "I suppose," I remarked, "that, homely as it looks, this 
my keen knife see not the wound it makes Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark To cry, "Hold, hold!" Enter Macbeth. Great Glamis! 
t half a dozen men in the whole of Salt Lake City who could compare with him. From the great inland sea to the distant Wah
ibly afraid? Doth not thy blood thrill at it? Prince. Not a whit, i' faith. I lack some of thy instinct. Fal. Well, thou wilt be h
 under fortune, which you thought had been Our innocent self? This I made good to you In our last conference, pass'd in prob
d husband! CORIOLANUS. These eyes are not the same I wore in Rome. VIRGILIA. The sorrow that delivers us thus chang'd Makes
 thy master here I am; My ransom is this frail and worthless trunk; My army but a weak and sickly guard; Yet, God before, tell him we will come on, Though Fran
n in a hand so shaky as to be hardly legible, 'Beddoes writes in cipher to say H. has told all. Sweet Lor
determined to preserve my disguise as long as possible, and hence my preference for a dirty face. Knowing that my wife would be terribly anx
 have you; And yet, when wit and youth is come to harvest, Your wife is like to reap a proper man. There lies your way, due west. VIOLA. Then westward-ho! Grace and good dispositio
 Nephew, what means this passionate discourse, This peroration with such circumstance? For France, 'tis ou
, cannot see to put on your hose. VALENTINE. Belike, boy, then you are in love; for last morning you could n
at nothing further should leak out. The French or the Russian embassy would pay an immense sum to learn the contents of the
iet, but he had a rasping way of saying them which was very menacing. I sat in silence wondering what on earth could be his reason for kidnapping m
. And you, my noble Prince, With other princes that may best be spar'd, Shall wait upon your father's funeral. PRINCE HENRY. At Worc
Y. Caesar? CAESAR. Let me have men about me that are fat, Sleek-headed men, and such as sleep o' nights: Yond 
istance, force a play. The sum is paid, the traitors are agreed, The King is set from London, and the scene Is now transported, gentles, t
ood From thee, my boy, and had the maidenhood Of thy first fight, I soon encountered And, interchanging blows, I quickly shed Some of his bastard blood; and in dis
 is melancholy outside and in. The baronet is in a black reaction after the excitements of the night. I am conscious myself of a weight at my heart and a feeling of impending dange
eet, There my Lysander and myself shall meet; And thence from Athens turn away our eyes, To seek new friends and stranger companies. Farewell, sweet playfellow; pray thou
ck upon a useful life, and on work well done. "Gregson and Lestrade will be wild about his death," Holmes remarked, as we chat
unts." I was impatient and paced up and down the room. "Can't you be happy for five minutes without Mary, Jim?" says she. "It's a bad compliment 
th sorted out a sudden day of joy That thou expects not nor I look'd not for. Jul. Madam, in happy time! What day is that? Lady. Marry, my child, early next Thursday morn The gallant, 
omp; Expose thyself to feel what wretches feel, That thou mayst shake the superflux to them And show the heavens more
 be by his death, and, for my part, I know no personal cause to spurn at him, But for the general. He would be crown'd: How tha
oarsely clad as became his calling, with a coloured shirt protruding through the rent in his tattered coat. He was, as the inspector had said, extremely dirty, but the grime which cover
thin. My companion put his hand upon my shoulder and his lips close to my ear. "Do you know where we are?" he whispered. "Surely that is Baker Street," I answered, s
you, So hung upon with love, so fortunate, But miserable most, to love unlov'd? This you should pity rather than
e has been referred to the Assizes. I have some account of the matter here, I believe." He rummaged amid his newspapers, glancing over the dates, 
y book preferr'd me to the King, And seeing ignorance is the curse of God, Knowledge the wing wherewith we fl
 to have come. We took the bicycle over with us and showed it at the hotels. It was identified at once by the manager of the Eagle Commercial as belonging to a man named Hargrave,
upper. Go not my horse the better, I must become a borrower of the night For a dark hour or twain. MACBETH. 
ocking-chair commenced the conversation. "Maybe you don't know us," he said. "This here is the son of Elder Drebber, and I'm Joseph Stangerson, who travelled wi
off] FALSTAFF. I think the devil will not have me damn'd, lest the oil that's in me should set hell on fire; he would never else cross me 
te." "Then it makes it the easier for me to propose that you should come away with me for a week to the Continent."
acy which is evidently the first effect of the drug. In the second case the result was complete. The facts, 
t asking. My master is the great rich Capulet; and if you be not of the house of Montagues, I pray come an
within excellently, if the hair were a thought browner; and your gown's a most rare fashion, i' faith. I saw the Duchess of Milan's gown t
, so that no track but the man's was visible. On seeing him lying still the creature had probably approached to s
you? PEMBROKE. This is the man should do the bloody deed: He show'd his warrant to a friend of mine; The image of a wicked heinous fault Lives in his eye; that close aspect of hi
, Lord Stanley! What's the news? STANLEY. Know, my loving lord, The Marquis Dorset, as I hear, is fled To Richmond, in the parts where he abides. [Stands apart] KING RICHARD. Come hither,
quarrel was, and urg'd withal Your high displeasure. All this- uttered With gentle breath, calm look, knees humbly bow'd- Could not take truce with the unr
'There is danger-- may-- come-- very-- soon-- one.' Then we have the name 'Douglas' --'rich-- country-- now
ering banks of flow'rs. Be not with mortal accidents opprest: No care of yours it is; you know 'tis ours. Whom best I love I cross; to make my gift, The more delay'd, delighted. Be 
xeunt Ghost and Hamlet. Hor. He waxes desperate with imagination. Mar. Let's follow. 'Tis not fit thus to obey him. Hor
w Zealand consolidated?' "'A hundred and four.' "'And British Broken Hills?' "'Seven to seven-and-six.' "'Wonderful!' he cried, with his hands up. 'This quit
s, as who should say 'I'll be even with you'; I'll see if his head will stand steadier on a pole, or no. Take him away, and behead him
pe's intimate knowledge of the mountains enabled them to regain the track once more. When morning broke, a scene of marvellous though savage beauty lay before them. In every di
irst conceit of love there bred, Where time and outward form would show it dead. 109 O never say that I was false of heart, Though absence seemed my flame 
 death, what peasant would venture to inquire too closely into such a creature should he get sight of it, as many have done, upon the moor? I said it in London, Watson, and I say it again now
onarch of the north, Appear and aid me in this enterprise! Enter FIENDS This speedy and quick appearanc
 bestow you in some better place, Fitter for sickness and for crazy age. BEDFORD. Lord Talbot, do not so dishonour me; Here will I sit before t
esty. Alarum. Enter the KING, WARWICK, GLOUCESTER, EXETER, and others, with prisoners. Flourish KING HENRY. I was not angry since I came to France Until this instant. Take a trumpet, heral
" said Lestrade. "Good! and Gregson can come inside with me. You too, Doctor, you have taken an interest in the case and may as well stick to us." I assented glad
aracteristic promptness and audacity he set about this at once, and we cannot doubt that the boots or chamber-maid 
NTLEMAN. Ay, madam; And for the contents' sake are sorry for our pains. COUNTESS. I prithee, lady, have a better ch
ypothesis, that the man had been poisoned, appear. I remembered how he had sniffed his lips, and had no 
nce unless the offender has time to realize who it is that strikes him, and why retribution has come upon him. I had my plans arranged by which I should hav
ken you at last.' I saw his coward lips tremble as I spoke. He would have begged for his life, but he knew well that it was useless. "'Would y
rceive how ill we brook his treason. And what offence it is to flout his friends. TALBOT. I go, my lord, in heart desiring still You may behold confu
 him. This way to death my wretched sons are gone; Here stands my other son, a banish'd man, And here my brother, weeping at my woes. But that which
my drawer, and you have not asked for the key. 6. You do not propose to invest your money in this manner
orth a monarchy. I seek not to wax great by others' waning Or gather wealth I care not with what envy; Sufficeth that I have maintains my state, And sends the poor well please
en to your remembrance; the description Of what is in her chamber nothing saves The wager you have laid. IACHIMO. Then, if you can, [Shows the bracel
 stretch of garden from the hedge which lines the road. A constable was standing at the kitchen door. "Throw the door open, officer," said Holmes. "Now, it was on tho
irit. WARWICK. Call for the music in the other room. KING. Set me the crown upon my pillow here. CLARENCE. His eye is holl
ight for a plot Whereon the numbers cannot try the cause, Which is not tomb enough and continent To hide the slain? O, from this time forth, My thoughts be bloody, or be nothing worth! Ex
rdon thereunto) recount the occasion of my sudden and more strange return. 'HAMLET.' What should this mean? Are all the rest come back? Or is it some abuse, and no
nom breed, No teeth for the present. Get thee gone. Tomorrow We'll hear ourselves again. Exit Murtherer. LADY MACBETH. My royal lord, You do not give the cheer. The
 then fell forward upon the table, coughing furiously and clawing among the papers. Then he staggered to his 
ias." A flush sprang to the white cheeks of the stranger. "Well then," said he, "my real name is James Ryder." "Precisely so. Head attendant at the Hotel Cosmo
tematic examination. It was littered with books and papers, and was evidently used as a study. Swiftly and methodica
 such a person- that it was no better than picture-like to hang by th' wall, if renown made it not stir- was pleas'd to let him seek danger where
efore he even knew that you had returned from Bristol? "Witness (with considerable confusion): I do not know. "A Juryman: Did you see nothing which arou
 Barrymore and his wife. To him it may have been an unmitigated relief, but she wept bitterly in her apron. To all the 
d out o' th' field. SILIUS. Where is he now? VENTIDIUS. He purposeth to Athens; whither, with what haste The weight we must convey with's will per
us rumours. Because I cannot flatter and look fair, Smile in men's faces, smooth, deceive, and cog, Duck with French nods and apish courtesy, I must be held a rancorous enemy. Cannot
 in which they presented themselves to me. Beppo had the pearl in his possession. He may have stolen it from Pietro, h
 who performs a delicate operation. I knew that the opening of safes was a particular hobby with him, and I
f I do not inconvenience you. Yours faithfully, Violet Hunter. "Do you know the young lady?" I asked. "Not I
s oft as he has occasion to name himself, even like those that are kin to the King; for they never prick their fin
ated choughs, many in sort, Rising and cawing at the gun's report, Sever themselves and madly sweep the sky, So at his sight away his fellows fly; And at our stamp here, o'er
fices. [To BELARIUS] Thou art my brother; so we'll hold thee ever. IMOGEN. You are my father too, and did relieve me To see this gracious season. CYMBELINE. All o'erjoy'd Save these in bonds. Le
f it. And now I must fly to my dear boy to apologise to him for the wrong which I have done him. As to what you tell me of
rrah? POMPEY. Very ready, sir. BARNARDINE. How now, Abhorson, what's the news with you? ABHORSON. Truly, si
ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. Scene I. Mantua. A street. Enter Romeo. Rom. If I may t
there is any point which I have not made clear, pray question me about it. But, above all, tell me quickly what I am to do, for this misery is more than I can bear." Holmes and I had li
stranger errand than you and I. How small we feel with our petty ambitions and strivings in the presence of
F BUCKINGHAM with guard, and break in YORK. Lay hands upon these traitors and their trash. Beldam, I think we watch'd you at an inch. What, madam, are you there? The King and commonwe
mind, Which by the right and virtue of my place I ought to know of; and, upon my knees, I charm you, by my once commended beauty, By all your vows of love and that great vow
, as it were, in a fruit dish, a dish of some three pence; your honours have seen such dishes; they are 
 it? "'I used to be home for the week-ends very often, and sometimes if the ship were held back for cargo I would have 
." "I assure you I speak for your good." It seemed to me that something like a wink quivered for an instant over one of Mr. Baynes'
our loves, Thinking upon his services, took from you Th' apprehension of his present portance, Which, most gibingly, ungravely, he did fashion After the inveterate hate he bea
 come from the Andamans, it is not so very wonderful that this islander should be with him. No doubt we shall know all about it in time. Look here, Watson; you look regul
orthy Saint Michael, and the Golden Fleece, Great Marshal to Henry the Sixth Of all his wars within the realm of France? PUCELLE.
and desire him T' invite the Troyan lords, after the combat, To see us here unarm'd. I have a woman's 
 co-operation in keeping the facts out of the papers." Dr. Armstrong took a quick step forward and wrung Holmes by the hand. "You are a good fellow," said he. "I had 
out asking. My master is the great rich Capulet; and if you be not of the house of Montagues, I pray come and crush a cup of wine. Rest you merry! Exit. Ben. At this s
ded by you- To look upon the hideous god of war In disadvantage, to abide a field Where nothing but the sound of Hotspur's name Did seem defensible. S
rdshire to fight Against the irregular and wild Glendower, Was by the rude hands of that Welshman taken, A thousand of his people butchered; Upon whose dead cor
invite your attention to the kitchen." It was a gloomy, high-ceilinged room at the back of the house, with a straw litter in one corner, which served appare
u seem'd of late to make the law a tyrant; And rather prov'd the sliding of your brother A merriment than a vice
d fire. But, sure, he is the prince of the world; let his nobility remain in's court. I am for the house with the narrow gate, 
 sure that it was really the sob of a woman." "We must ask about this right away." He rang the bell and asked 
dopt an heir? YORK. What then? KING HENRY. An if he may, then am I lawful King; For Richard, in the view of m
e exactly as I told you, two to one against the pearl being inside it. There remained two busts, and it was obvious that he would go for the London one first.
also. A little diplomacy was needed, but when Holmes understood that the establishment was a bachelor one, and 
uction." "How, then, did you deduce the telegram?" "Why, of course I knew that you had not written a letter, since I sat op
ill exceedingly weak. Do you think that you could bring your friend Mr. Holmes down to see me? I should like t
or anything. So! Now, if you will help me up. What do you propose to do?" "To leave you here. You are not fit for further adventures to-nigh
"The housemaid, Saunders." "Was it she who gave the alarm?" "She and Mrs. King, the cook." "Where are they now?" "In the kitc
 that way. Had it been carried down from any neighbouring street, it must have passed the station barriers, where a collector is always standing. This point seems abso
hat his tooth was stuffed in this very identical fashion. The glint of the gold in each case caught my eye, you see. When I put that with the voice and 
o more. Sure he that made us with such large discourse, Looking before and after, gave us not That capability and godlike reason To fust 
hat you will see me again in an hour or two. If time hangs heavy get foolscap and a pen, and begin your narrative of how we saved the State." I felt some reflection of his elation in my own
o a trap at the local inn we snatched a hurried breakfast, and so we were all ready for business when we at last arrived at Yoxley Old Pl
ours To guard a thing not ours, nor worth to us, Had it our name, the value of one ten, What merit's in that reason which denies The yielding of her up? TROILUS. Fie, fie, my br
, with a large, intellectual head, a round, plump, hairless face, a perpetual frozen smile, and two keen grey eyes, which gleamed brightly from behind br
id Holmes. "Women are never to be entirely trusted,--not the best of them." I did not pause to argue over this atrocious sentiment. "I 
shape profane. MRS. FORD. And till he tell the truth, Let the supposed fairies pinch him sound, And burn him wit
lars of thy preservation; How thou hast met us here, whom three hours since Were wreck'd upon this shore; where I have lost- How sharp the
o the speech of Beatrice. Marg. Will you then write me a sonnet in praise of my beauty? Bene. In so high a style, Margaret, that no man living shal
the human mind. CHAPTER V Our Advertisement Brings A Visitor Our morning's exertions had been too much 
n Katherine here with us; She is our capital demand, compris'd Within the fore-rank of our articles. QUEEN ISABEL. She hath good leave. Exeunt all but the KING, KATHERINE, and ALICE KING HEN
tood between this monster and a reversion, was done to death. My correspondence, however, is, as you know, a varied one, and I am somewhat upon my guard against any pa
ed until the other clerks had departed. One of them in my room, Charles Gorot, had some arrears of work to make up, so I left
a queer thought came into my head and showed me where I could lay my hand on a weapon. I sat down in the darkness and unstrapped my wooden leg. With three long ho
truth. TROILUS. Thou dost not speak so much. PANDARUS. Faith, I'll not meddle in it. Let her be as she is: if she be fair, 'tis the better for h
done? See, see, thou hast shot off one of Taurus' horns. MARCUS. This was the sport, my lord: when Publius shot, The Bull, being gall'd, gave Aries such a knock That down f
h my head i' th' sun When the alarum were struck than idly sit To hear my nothings monster'd. Exit MENENIUS. Masters of the people, Your multiplying spawn how ca
ins or expense to restore the grandeur of his family. When the house is renovated and refurnished, all that he w
uld any criminal send her the proofs of his guilt, especially as, unless she is a most consummate actress, she understands quite as little of the matter a
e foot of fear, fled with the rest; And falling from a hill,he was so bruis'd That the pursuers took him. At my tent The Douglas is, and I beseech Your Grace I may
t they are fastened." "On the second floor?" "Yes, sir, all the windows." "Look here, Barrymore," said Sir Henry, sternly; "we have
l deal box which lay upon the table and tore the lid from it. Out there fell a cascade of children's bricks. It was
 set on? HASTINGS. We are time's subjects, and time bids be gone. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS C
he paper over each window was impenetrable to light, and a blue curtain was drawn across the glass work in front. It was a quarter-past seven when 
hat desire should so many years outlive performance? FALSTAFF. Kiss me, Doll. PRINCE. Saturn and Venus this year in conjunction! What says th' almanac t
ou. Good night, mother. [Exit the Queen. Then] Exit Hamlet, tugging in Polonius. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD 
m we leave it. Most gentle and most valiant Hector, welcome. After the General, I beseech you next To feast with me and
 shadows of the March evening were beginning to fall, when an excited rustic rushed into our room. "They've gone, Mr. Holmes. They
lcides beaten by his page; And so may I, blind Fortune leading me, Miss that which one unworthier may attain, And die with grieving. PORTIA. You must
 wind, Which when it bites and blows upon my body, Even till I shrink with cold, I smile and say 'This is no flattery; these are counsellors That feelingly p
many greedy looks of young and old Through casements darted their desiring eyes Upon his visage; and that all the walls W
, with a dish of caraways, and so forth. Come, cousin Silence. And then to bed. FALSTAFF. Fore God, you have here a goodly dwelling and rich. SHA
in. Exit LORD CHAMBERLAIN; and the KING draws the curtain and sits reading pensively SUFFOLK. How sad he looks; sure, he is much afflicted. KING. Who's there, ha? NOR
is coming from the temple; and there is two or three lords and ladies more married. If our sport had gone forward, we had all been made men. FLUTE
ff, Lucy," he said, taking her two hands in his, and gazing tenderly down into her face; "I won't ask you to come with me now, but w
uite lost; And as with age his body uglier grows, So his mind cankers. I will plague them all, Even to ro
or; but he rides well, And his great love, sharp as his spur, hath holp him To his home before us. Fair and noble hostess, We are your guest tonight. LADY MACBETH. Yo
IZEL. No, good sir; He has his health, and ampler strength indeed Than most have of his age. POLIXENES. By my white beard, You offer him, if this be so, a wrong Something unfilial. Reason m
ght, sir. My Octavia, Read not my blemishes in the world's report. I have not kept my square; but that
hildish prank. It consists of a number of absurd little figures dancing across the paper upon which they are drawn. Why should you attribute any importance to so grotesque an object?" "I n
ole state; as of late days our neighbours, The upper Germany, can dearly witness, Yet freshly pitied in our memories. CRANMER. My good lords, hitherto in all the progress Both o
 out when you arrived with the doctor--my suspicions all changed to certainties, especially as the attempt was made on the first night upon which
re art thou dead. Then, as the manner of our country is, In thy best robes uncovered on the bier Thou shalt be borne to that same ancient va
was given only a minute at the most had passed before the whole household--not Mr. Cecil Barker alone, though he claims to have been the first, but Ames and all of them were
trawberry grows underneath the nettle, And wholesome berries thrive and ripen best Neighbour'd by fruit of baser quality; And so the Prince obscur'd his contemplation Under the veil 
any better results than in the past. Some of the men were recognized, and there is hope that a conviction may be obta
f his hand, thus, and then the people fell ashouting. BRUTUS. What was the second noise for? CASCA. Why, for that too. CASSIUS. 
eck craned, he looked into the room. "He must have entered through the door. There is no opening except t
till when, be cheerful And think of each thing well. [Aside to ARIEL] Come hither, spirit; Set Caliban and his 
large hurts. All those for this? Is this the balsam that the usuring Senate Pours into captains' wounds? Banishme
, What humble suit attends thy answer there. Impose some service on me for thy love. ROSALINE. Oft have I heard of you, my Lord Berowne, Before I saw you; and the world's large tongue Proclaims y
en thing! or I shall shake thy bones Out of thy garments. SICINIUS. Help, ye citizens! Enter a rabble of plebeians, with the AEDILES MEN
y. Young one, Inform us of thy fortunes; for it seems They crave to be demanded. Who is this Thou mak'st thy bloody pillow? Or who was he That, othe
I went that way." "Then he was certainly there?" "So you would think, sir, unless it was the other man who took it." I sat with my coffee-cup halfway to my lips and stared at Barrymore. "You k
 his promise--and I'll let you know if I do--I'd have the whole seven of you come to me by nine o'clock. We'll get him in. If ever he gets out alive--well, he can talk of Bir
. Re-enter Trebonius. CASSIUS. Where is Antony? TREBONIUS. Fled to his house amazed. Men, wives, and children stare, cry o
m. VALERIA. Come, lay aside your stitchery; I must have you play the idle huswife with me this afternoon. VIRGILIA. No, good madam; I will not out o
e him understand that he could not profit by such a deed? Could you blame me, sir?" "No, indeed," said Holmes, heartily, springing to his feet. "Well, Soames, I think we have clear
t--a steam launch--to be at the Westminster Stairs at seven o'clock." "That is easily managed. There is always one about there; but I can step across the road and telephone to make su
words To wayward sickliness and age in him. He loves you, on my life, and holds you dear As Harry Duke of Hereford, were he here. KING RICHARD. Right, you say tr
rse, an excellent musician, and her hair shall be of what colour it please God. Ha, the Prince and Monsieur Love! I will hide me in the arbour. [Hides.] Enter Don Pedro, Leonato, Claudi
t majestic figure prostrate and insensible upon our bearskin hearthrug. We had sprung to our feet, and for a few moment
 bad!" said Holmes, shaking his head. Dr. Mortimer blinked through his glasses in mild astonishment. "Why was it bad?" "Only that you
ociety is no comfort To one not sociable. I am not very sick, Since I can reason of it. Pray you trust me here. I'll rob none but myself; and let me die, Stealing so poorly. GUIDERIUS. I love
 Be pitiful to my condemned sons, Whose souls are not corrupted as 'tis thought. For two and twenty sons I never wept, Because they died in honour's lofty bed. [ANDRONICUS lieth down, and
w roaming gypsies. Such was the general situation last Monday night when the catastrophe occurred. "On that even
hing else, yet do they case the heart. DUCHESS. If so, then be not tongue-tied. Go with me, And in the breath of bitt
graphs, had prepared me for the subtle, delicate charm and the beautiful colouring of that exquisite
ion. Use your powers! Go to the scene of the crime! See the people concerned! Leave no stone unturned!
 terrible injuries to which the trainer had succumbed. On the other hand, there was no wound upon his person, whil
 very same, Counting no old thing old, thou mine, I thine, Even as when first I hallowed thy fair name. So that ete
s a tall dog-cart dashed up through the gloom, throwing out two golden tunnels of yellow light from its side lanterns. "You'
able-boy?" "He says that it was a ten-pound note. One was found in his purse. But your other difficulties are not
ompact of a truce, Although you break it when your pleasure serves. WARWICK. How say'st thou, Charles? Shall our condition stand? CHARLES. It shall; Only reserv'd, you 
 ally, "I am Bob Carruthers, and I'll see this woman righted if I have to swing for it. I told you what I'd do if you molested her, and, by the Lor
GRUMIO. Nay, 'tis no matter, sir, what he 'leges in Latin. If this be not a lawful cause for me to leave his service- look you, sir:
hance, as the result showed. These people had never, to my knowledge, done a murder. They might shrink from actual
r proud lap pluck them where they grew: Nor did I wonder at the lily's white, Nor praise the deep vermilion in the rose, They were but sweet, but figures of delight: Drawn after
 this I am most constant, Though destiny say no. Be merry, gentle; Strangle such thoughts as these with any thing That you behold the while. Your guests are coming. Lift up your countenance, as it 
th this shrill addition, 'Anon, anon, sir! Score a pint of bastard in the Half-moon,' or so- but, Ned, to drive away the time till Falstaff come, I prithee do thou stand in some by-room whi
ligence. MRS. FORD. We'll try that; for I'll appoint my men to carry the basket again, to meet him at the door with it as they did last 
ch, session, hanging, yields a careful man work. CLOWN. See, see; what a man you are now! There is no other way but to tell the King she's a change
 have done but greenly In hugger-mugger to inter him; Poor Ophelia Divided from herself and her fair-judgment
And I you," Holmes answered. "Your red-headed idea was very new and effective." "You'll see your pal again presently," said Jones. "He's quicker at climbing down holes th
and old John Naps of Greece, And Peter Turph, and Henry Pimpernell; And twenty more such names and men as these, Which never 
is hateful name in us. Enter Douglas. Doug. Arm, gentlemen! to arms! for I have thrown A brave defiance i
 BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1605 THE TRAGEDY OF OTHELLO, MOOR OF VENICE by William Shakespeare Dramatis Personae OTHE
e, Come, offer at my shrine, and I will help thee.' WIFE. Most true, forsooth; and many time and oft Myself have heard a voice to call him so. CARDINAL. What, art thou lame? SIMPCOX. Ay, God
ngle soul Can we set eye on, but in an safe reason He must have some attendants. Though his humour Was nothing but mutation- ay, and that From one bad 
righten a chap for?" He sank his face onto his arms and began to sob in a high treble key. "I tell you that it is Friday, man. Your wife has been waiting this two days for you. You should be ash
hrice, and to be in peril of my life with the edge of a feather-bed-here are simple scapes. Well, if Fortune be a woman, she's a good wench for this gear. Father, come; I'll take my leave of
 Each one already blazing by our meeds, Should notwithstanding join our lights together And overshine the earth, as this the world. Whate'er it bodes, hen
if I was in earnest. "'Quite that, sir,--in jewels and pearls. It lies there ready for anyone. And the queer thing about it is that the real owner is outlawed and cann
aper on those lines. Call it the 'Police News of the Past.'" "Very interesting reading it might be made, too," rema
large timber-yard, just past the White Eagle tavern. Here the dog, frantic with excitement, turned down thro
atest periodicals. It is for the convenience of these that the Diogenes Club was started, and it now contains the most unsociable and 
ere came no other sound save the chiming clock and the rustle of the ivy on the wall. CHAPTER VII The Stapletons of 
rk? Ham. Ay, sir, but 'while the grass grows'- the proverb is something musty. Enter the Players with r
nsatisfied in getting- Which was a sin-yet in bestowing, madam, He was most princely: ever witness for him Thos
her do not see, My fair rose wither. Yet look up, behold, That you in pity may dissolve to dew, And wash him fresh again with true-love tea
pains, to have taken it away yourself. She adds, moreover, that you should put your lord into a desper
ceeds. 132 Thine eyes I love, and they as pitying me, Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain, Have put on black, and
e blood of hearts, That thou, my brother, my competitor In top of all design, my mate in empire, Friend and com
 But you are more intemperate in your blood Than Venus, or those pamp'red animals That rage in savage sensuality. Hero. Is my lord
 Majesty and her, my lord; These words, these looks, infuse new life in me. TAMORA. Titus, I am incorporate in Rome, A Roman now adopted happily, And
lice-station." "We shall look in on our way to the train," answered Holmes. A moment later he and I were back in the front room, where the impa
 What! we have seen the seven stars. DOLL. For God's sake thrust him down stairs; I cannot endure such a fustian ra
 of their skill. It is expected that a testimonial of some sort will be presented to the two officers as a fitting r
inhuman- 'twill not prove so. And yet I know not- thou didst hate her deadly, And she is dead; which nothing, but to close Her eyes myself, could win me to belie
ng is dead; we will not stay. The bay trees in our country are all wither'd, And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven; The pale-fac'd moon 
ptism; You must be godfather, and answer for her. CRANMER. The greatest monarch now alive may glory In such an honour; how may I deserve it, That am a poor and humble subject to you? KING. Come, co
nters there, Of what validity and pitch soe'er, But falls into abatement and low price Even in a minute. So full of shapes is fancy, That it alone is high fantastical. CURIO. Will you go h
PISANIO. One score 'twixt sun and sun, Madam, 's enough for you, and too much too. IMOGEN. Why, one that rode to's execution, ma
ove of wicked men converts to fear; That fear to hate; and hate turns one or both To worthy danger and deserved death. NORTHUMBERLAND. My guilt be on my head, and there an end. Take le
' th' way toward Dover, do it for ancient love; And bring some covering for this naked soul, Who I'll entreat to lead me. Old Man. Alack, sir, he is mad! Glou. 'Tis the time's plague wh
 there's one above 'em yet. I had thought They had parted so much honesty among 'em- At least good manners-as no
e What's best to ask. Know'st him thou look'st on? Speak, Wilt have him live? Is he thy kin? thy friend? IMOGEN. He is a Roman, no more kin to me
e edge o' the sword His wife, his babes, and all unfortunate souls That trace him in his line. No boasting like a fool; This deed I'll do before th
fect demon, ready to blow out his own or anybody else's brains if he could have got to his revolver. When Cun
 loss to know now why you did not advertise." Our visitor gave a rather shamefaced laugh. "Shillings have not been so plentiful with me as they once w
 unpurged air To add unto his sickness? No, my Brutus, You have some sick offense within your mind, Which by the right and virtue o
blood And from her bosom took the enemy's point, Sheathing the steel in my advent'rous body. Alas! you know I am no vaunter, I; My scars can
 tear thy hair, And fall upon the ground, as I do now, Taking the measure of an unmade grave. Knock [within
us deliver Our puissance into the hand of God, Putting it straight in expedition. Cheerly to sea; the signs
 which occur to my memory. In the present instance I am forced to admit that the facts are, to the best of my belief, unique." The portly client puffed out
he agency and inquire whether the place was still open when I received this letter from the gentleman himself. I have it here an
 of his skull in. You can see the split in the wood now where I hit him. We both went down together, fo
essed people, who had watched the scuffle without taking part in it, crowded in to help the lady and to a
r tobacconist; for when I see the stub of a cigarette marked Bradley, Oxford Street, I know that my friend Watson is in the 
t said he? Oph. He took me by the wrist and held me hard; Then goes he to the length of all his arm, And, with his
t is't thou say'st, Her voice was ever soft, Gentle, and low- an excellent thing in woman. I kill'd the slave that was a-hanging thee. Capt. 'Tis true, my lords, he did. Lear. Did 
, my lord. I as your lover speak. The fool slides o'er the ice that you should break. Exit PATROCLUS. To this effect, Achilles, have I mov'd you. A woman impudent and
t to see me triumph? Ah, my dear, Such eyes the widows in Corioli wear, And mothers that lack sons. MENENIUS. Now the gods crown thee! CORIOLANUS. And live you yet? [T
ess' sons Presents that I intend to send them both. Come, come; thou'lt do my message, wilt thou not? BOY. 
me at heels, to whom I gave Their wishes, do discandy, melt their sweets On blossoming Caesar; and this pine is bark'd That overtopp'd them all.
t had been smashed to atoms where it stood. In neither case were there any signs which could give us a clue as to the criminal or lunatic who 
h a suspicious flash of a pair of cunning eyes. "Well, it's printed on the board above your head. It's easy to see a man who is master of his own h
you will not touch the true prince; no- fie! Bard. Faith, I ran when I saw others run. Prince. Tell me now in ea
the young gentlewoman; she has good gifts. EVANS. Seven hundred pounds, and possibilities, is goot gift
k Holmes gave his instructions to the servants. If any visitor were to call asking for Mrs. Hilton Cubitt no information should be given as to her con
NUS. I'll know no further. Let them pronounce the steep Tarpeian death, Vagabond exile, flaying, pent to linger But with a grain a day, I would not buy Their mercy at the 
0-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READAB
ou hast done well, fine Ariel! [To FERDINAND] Follow me. [To ARIEL] Hark what thou else shalt do me. MIRANDA. Be of comfor
 your servant. Exeunt GARDINER and PAGE Enter the KING and the DUKE OF SUFFOLK KING. Charles, I will play n
ide] Enter VOLUMNIA, VIRGILIA, and VALERIA How now, my as fair as noble ladies- and the moon, were she 
ve had some dramatic entrances and exits upon our small stage at Baker Street, but I cannot recollect anything more sudden and startling than the fi
 suppress The pride of Suffolk and the Cardinal, With Somerset's and Buckingham's ambition; And, as we may, cherish
ne which by main force Warwick did win, And would have kept so long as breath did last. Main chance, father, you meant; but I 
love of wicked men converts to fear; That fear to hate; and hate turns one or both To worthy danger and deserved death. NORTHUMBERLAND. My guilt be on my
The instant that the Professor had disappeared it struck me what a really extraordinarily lucky chance Fate had placed in
way inclining, hard'ned be the hearts Of all that hear me, and my near'st of kin Cry fie upon my grave! LEONTES. I ne'er heard yet That any of these bolder vices wanted Less impu
r society Be not afraid. I met her Deity Cutting the clouds towards Paphos, and her son Dove-drawn with her. Here thought they to have done Some wanton charm upon thi
 Cap. As rich shall Romeo's by his lady's lie- Poor sacrifices of our enmity! Prince. A glooming peace this morning with it brings. The sun for sorrow will not show his head. Go hence, to have
 her wheel. WARWICK. Then, for his mind, be Edward England's king; [Takes off his crown] But Henry now shall wear the English crow
or years I've been dreaming of the bright green fields and the hedges of England. At last I determined to see the
reement with every criminal in the country," said my friend, quietly. "So far as your efforts are directed towards the suppression of c
ire; Who in a moment even with the earth Shall lay your stately and air braving towers, If you forsake the offer of their love. G
pon that table. If Hamlet give the first or second hit, Or quit in answer of the third exchange, Let all the battlements their ordnance fire; The King shall dri
he doctor has certainly played the game for all it is worth, and one would like to know the reason for such elaborate deception. This should be the village of Trumpington 
er end, until they looked like the huge corroding fangs of some monstrous beast. In every way it corresponded with the scene of the old tragedy. Sir Henry was much interested a
ust repent to be just! This is the letter he spoke of, which approves him an intelligent party to the advantages of France. O heavens! that this treason were not- or not I the detector! C
ell my hounds; Brach Merriman, the poor cur, is emboss'd; And couple Clowder with the deep-mouth'd brach. Saw'st thou not, boy, how Silver made it good At the hedge corner, in the coldest fault? I w
ragedy. "The injury from which the unfortunate veteran was suffering was found to be a jagged cut some two inches long at the back part of his 
 Arabian bird, and I Have lost the wager. Boldness be my friend! Arm me, audacity, from head to foot! Or, like the Parthian, I shall flying fight;
was great applause at this. It was felt that a new sun was pushing its rim above the horizon. To some 
 my humble help to the capture without distracting that intent brain with needless interruption. All would come round to me in due time. I waited, therefore--but to my ever-deepening di
aves me, scorns me. Briefly die their joys That place them on the truth of girls and boys. Why stands he so perple
kinsman vex'd. Madam, if you could find out but a man To bear a poison, I would temper it; That Romeo should, upon receipt thereof, Soon sleep in quiet. O, 
lf to uncongenial silence, staring moodily out of the window at the fading landscape. It was not a cheering prospect. Through the growing gloom t
O A sly and constant knave, Not to be shak'd; the agent for his master, And the remembrancer of her to hold The hand-fast to her lord. I have given him that Which, if he take, sha
t seem ungracious upon her part to be indifferent to a prize which had cost so much to win. "What a pretty box!" she said, stooping over it. "This is Indian w
My friends, The boy hath taught us manly duties; let us Find out the prettiest daisied plot we can, And make him with our pikes and partisans A grave. Come, a
nd in fairly good training, but we soon found that we had no chance of overtaking him. We saw him for a long time in the moonlight until he was only a
ught forth. A shepherd's daughter, And what to her adheres, which follows after, Is th' argument of Time. Of this allow, If ever you have spent time w
e, one mutual happiness! Exeunt THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED 
ognosticate, Thy end is truth's and beauty's doom and date. 15 When I consider every thing that grows Holds in perfection but a little m
 with crows As yonder lady o'er her fellows shows. The measure done, I'll watch her place of stand And, 
, Her uncle Rivers; ay, and for her sake Mad'st quick conveyance with her good aunt Anne. KING RICHARD. You mock me, madam; this is not the way To win your daughter. QUEEN
and, even as I looked up, I saw his tall, spare figure pass twice in a dark silhouette against the blind. He was pacing the room swiftly, eagerly, with his head sunk upon his chest and 
der restraint. All my instincts tell me that she is in London, but as we have at present no possible means of telli
r our trusty brother-in-law and the Abbot, With all the rest of that consorted crew, Destruction straight shall dog them at the heels. Good uncle, help to order 
thversary- you may discuss unto the Duke, look you- is digt himself four yard under the countermines; by Cheshu, 
his name was known clear across the country. It's been in the papers often enough." "What for?" "Well," the miner lowe
o de Capus built a fortalice in the centre of the estate, which had been granted to him by the Red Ki
f playing golf. His room was on the ground-floor, and he could get out when he liked. That very night he went down to Woodman's Lee, saw Peter Carey at the hut, quarrelled wit
t seen a hulk better stuff'd in the hold. Come, I'll be friends with thee, Jack. Thou art going to the wars; and whether I shall ever see thee again or no, there is nobody cares. Re-e
. Dear, they durst not, So dear the love my people bore me; nor set A mark so bloody on the business; but With colours fairer painted
D. O, fly to Scotland Till that the nobles and the armed commons Have of their puissance made a little taste. LADY PERCY. If they get ground and vantage of
 a tiger. His hand closed round the other's neck, and he hurled him back across one of the barrels. In 
 slaves as ragged as Lazarus in the painted cloth, where the glutton's dogs licked his sores; and such as indeed were never 
rfare becomes impossible within the radius of a Bruce-Partington's operation. Two years ago a very large sum was smuggled through the Estimates and was expended in acquiring a monopo
e to add to your collection. By the way, it is not eight o'clock, and a Wagner night at Covent Garden! If we hurry, we might be in time for the second act." THE ADVENTURE OF THE BRUCE-PARTINGT
o No. 3 Pinchin Lane, down near the water's edge at Lambeth. The third house on the right-hand side is a bird-stuffer's: Sh
w; Many a story hath he told to thee, And bid thee bear his pretty tales in mind And talk of them when he was dead and gone. MARCUS. How many thousand times
of the latter, as if I had seen them with my own eyes. I will give you a proof of my knowledge. Could you lay your hand upon those pills?" "I have them," said L
ffended with you. Upon the love you bear me, get you in. Exit ANDROMACHE TROILUS. This foolish, dreaming, superstitious girl Makes all
none enter, lest I break your pate. LUCIANA. Come, come, Antipholus, we dine too late. <Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-199
 condemn it as an improbable fiction. SIR TOBY. His very genius hath taken the infection of the device, man. MARIA. Nay, pursue him now, lest the 
en. Good sometimes queen, prepare thee hence for France. Think I am dead, and that even here thou takest, As from my death-bed, thy last living leave. In winter's tedious nights sit by the 
mself from his reverie. "It is very essential, Miss Stoner," said he, "that you should absolutely follow my advice in every respect." "I sha
to his Highness' tent. Enter the KING, and attendants KING HENRY. Buckingham, doth York intend no harm to us, That thus he marcheth with thee arm in arm? YORK. In all submissio
gain, As if thou were distraught and mad with terror? BUCKINGHAM. Tut, I can counterfeit the deep tragedian; Speak and look back, and p
g here always. Kindly turn round and wave him away like that.' "I did as I was told, and at the same instant Mrs. Rucastle drew down the blind. That was a week ago, an
It is no shame; the fellow finds his vein, And, yielding to him, humours well his frenzy. ANTIPHOLUS OF E
e said. "Everything depends upon our speed. Once safe in Carson we may rest for the remainder of our lives." During the whole of that day t
COND GENTLEMAN. A segregation of the Turkish fleet. For do but stand upon the foaming shore, The chidden billow seems to pelt the clouds; The wind-shaked surge, with high and monstro
ed remains have been found among the charcoal ashes of the fire. The police theory is that a most sensational crim
t was shown that after dinner on the day of his death he had played a rubber of whist at the latter club. 
the Duke of Holdernesse?" "What! the late Cabinet Minister?" "Exactly. We had tried to keep it out of the papers, but there was some rumour in the Globe last night. I thought it might have reache
 MURDERER. And like a traitor to the name of God Didst break that vow; and with thy treacherous blade Unripp'dst the bowels 
e beds, fight for a plot Whereon the numbers cannot try the cause, Which is not tomb enough and continent To hide the slain? O, from this time forth, My thoughts be bloody, or 
Sherlock Holmes pulled down from the shelf one of the ponderous commonplace books in which he placed his cuttings. "Here is an advertisement wh
rival vanished; "I will tell you the true solution of the matter. Lady St. Simon is a myth. There is not, and there ne
As thou art to thyself. Such was the very armour he had on When he th' ambitious Norway combated. So frown'd he once when, in an angry parle, He smote the sle
st, as thou art. The canker gnaw thy heart For showing me again the eyes of man! ALCIBIADES. What is thy name? Is man so hateful to thee That art thyself a man? TIMON. I am Misanthrop
yourselves on Monday, it will be time enough. You'll get a great welcome when you return." "Any reward this time?" asked Cormac, a thick-set, 
ious will, so suddenly made, and to so unexpected an heir. It may do something to simplify what followed. No, my dear fellow, I don't think you can he
 simple lodge. Even Boss McGinty was ignorant as to many things; for there was an official named the County Delegate, living at Hobson's Patch farther down the line, who had p
face which she turned towards us was of the strangest livid tint, and the features were absolutely devoid of any expression. An instant later the mystery was explai
ed to look across, and your face was thoughtful. You were recalling the incidents of Beecher's career. I was well 
, I Have utt'red truth; which if you seek to prove, I dare not stand by; nor shall you be safer Than one condemn'd by the King's own mout
 a re-agent which is precipitated by hoemoglobin, and by nothing else." Had he discovered a gold mine, greater 
f search to a large book, printed in double columns and in common use." "The Bible!" I cried triumphantly. "Good, Watson,
hat? Of course, it must have been the old metal and pebbles which my client had dragged from the mere. She had thrown them in there at the first opportunity to remove th
bjection. KING HENRY. So, if a son that is by his father sent about merchandise do sinfully miscarry upon the sea, the imputation 
I told you: Lord Angelo, belike thinking me remiss in mine office, awakens me with this unwonted putting-on; methinks strangely, for 
LUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE 1. London. The palace Sennet. Enter the KING, GLOUCESTER, and EXETER KING HENRY. Have y
SOMERSET. Your private grudge, my Lord of York, will out, Though ne'er so cunningly you smother it. KING HENRY. Good Lord, what madness rules 
y? APEMANTUS. Yonder comes a poet and a painter. The plague of company light upon thee! I will fear to catch it, and give way. When I know not what else to do, I'll see 
e night. The fog still hung about and screened us with its friendly shade. Holmes had lit his lantern and flashed it u
 MARCUS. Fie, brother, fie! Teach her not thus to lay Such violent hands upon her tender life. TITUS. How now! Has sorrow made
"Education never ends, Watson. It is a series of lessons with the greatest for the last. This is an instructive case. There is neither mo
ed to take charge of it. However, it was too late to alter the matter now, so I locked it up in my private safe and turned once more to my work. "When evening came I felt that it would be an imprud
 France; let us quit an, And give our vineyards to a barbarous people. DAUPHIN. O Dieu vivant! Shall a few sprays of us, The emptying of our fathers' luxury, Our scions, pu
 less cheerful frame of mind than she had gone to it. What did she do on re-entering her father's house?" "I saw her in conversation with her mai
till wrangle with her, Boyet, and she strikes at the brow. BOYET. But she herself is hit lower. Have I hit her now? ROS
in his tent, That day he overcame the Nervii. Look, in this place ran Cassius' dagger through; See what a rent the env
 ripe. Content thyself awhile. By the mass, 'tis morning; Pleasure and action make the hours seem short. Retire thee; go where thou art billeted. Away, I say. Thou sh
de remained. Holmes had picked up the pages which formed the rough draft of the will, and was looking at them with the keenest interest upon his face. "There are some points about that document, Le
te data are available, and devote the rest of our morning to the pursuit of neolithic man." I may have commented upon my frie
istrate. They cannot interfere on the strength of what would appear to them to be a wild suspicion. So I could do nothing. But I watched the criminal news, knowing that sooner or later I sh
 middle size, but of an exceeding thinness. I do not think that I have ever seen so thin a man. His whole face sharpened away into nose and chin, and the skin of his cheeks was 
ton Road. My sister asked me what was the matter, and why I was so pale; but I told her that I had been upset by the jewel robbery at the hotel. Then I went into the back yard and smoked a pipe and 
e staring at each other. "'Pon my word, I am inclined to agree with Master Alec," said the official. "It may be the effect of this illness, but it seems to me that--" His words were cut short by a
ll not long be troubled with you; you shall have some part of your will. I pray you leave me. ORLANDO. I no further offend you than becomes me for my goo
oth. Put this in any liquid thing you will And drink it off, and if you had the strength Of twenty men, it would dispatch you straight. Rom. There is thy gold- w
lay? SERVANT. That's to't, indeed, sir. Marry, sir, at the request of Paris my lord, who is there in pers
d fear glu'd many friends to thee; And, now I fall, thy tough commixture melts, Impairing Henry, strength'ning misproud York. The common people swarm like summer flies; And
 "It's a bad job," he repeated; "and so Mr. Athelney Jones will think." His forecast proved to be correct, for the detective looked blank enough when I got to Baker Street and sh
when I came down. "You will excuse me for not waiting for you," said he; "I have, I foresee, a very busy day before me in looking into this case of young Openshaw's." "Wh
 awhile. Exit EROS I will o'ertake thee, Cleopatra, and Weep for my pardon. So it must be, for now All length is torture. Since the torch is out, Lie
t more movingly. VALENTINE. Please you, I'll write your ladyship another. SILVIA. And when it's writ
'd in mass by the almighty sun, Shall dizzy with more clamour Neptune's ear In his descent than shall my prompted sword Falling on D
ouls!- May be a precedent and witness good That thou respect'st not spilling Edward's blood. Join with the present sickness that I have; And thy u
 you look on these things from another standpoint." "I fail to see that anyone is to blame. I can hardly see how the lady could have acted otherwise, though her abrupt method of doing it was undoubt
welling toads, as many urchins, Would make such fearful and confused cries As any mortal body hearing it Should straight fall mad or else die suddenly. No s
 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE
e. My herald is return'd. Re-enter MOTH with COSTARD MOTH. A wonder, master! here's a costard broken in a shin. ARMADO. Some enigma, 
art of our necessities is strange, That can make vile things precious. Come, your hovel. Poor fool and knave, I have one part in my heart That's sorry yet for thee. Fool
 sodden soil. In vain he struggled and writhed. Not one step could he possibly take either forwards or backwards. He yelled in impotent rage, and kicked frantica
 weapon, not with words! My breast can better brook thy dagger's point Than can my ears that tragic history. But wherefore dost thou come? Is't f
he had not scrambled off. That was how he came to leave his club, and some of his darts too, as he tells me, which I dare say helped to put you on our track; though how you ke
rspent with speed, That stopp'd by me to breathe his bloodied horse. He ask'd the way to Chester; and of him I did demand what news from Shrewsbury. He told me tha
e be mask'd; And not a man of them shall have the grace, Despite of suit, to see a lady's face. Hold, Rosaline, this favour thou shalt 
 had been seen by some children on the Chatham Road the previous morning. As to my friend, all his usual energy seeme
as I. JAQUES. Let's present him to the Duke, like a Roman conqueror; and it would do well to set the deer's horns upon his head for a branch of victory. Have you no song, for
uckled. "You evidently do not know the Earl," said he. From the baffled look upon Holmes's face I could see clearly that he did. "What harm is ther
ne had reached a home port. It was the Rock of Gibraltar, their largest and best boat. A reference to the passenger list 
grant it is not Amiss to tumble on the bed of Ptolemy, To give a kingdom for a mirth, to sit And keep the turn of tippling with a slave, To reel the streets at noon, and stan
 post me up. I read nothing except the criminal news and the agony column. The latter is always instructive. But if you have followed recent events so close
fiercely fought; But whether 'twas the coldness of the King, Who look'd full gently on his warlike queen, Tha
k Russell's fine sea-stories until the howl of the gale from without seemed to blend with the text, and the splash of 
cused of having abstracted it from the lady's jewel-case. The evidence against him was so strong that the case has been referred to the Assizes. I have some account
d and complete, I have thrown away the life of my client. It is the greatest blow which has befallen me in my career. But how could I 
nths Jefferson Hope lingered among the mountains, leading a strange wild life, and nursing in his heart the fierce desire for vengeance which possessed him. Tales w
run! Edg. To who, my lord? Who has the office? Send Thy token of reprieve. Edm. Well thought on. Take my sword; Give it the Captain. Alb. Haste thee for thy 
 "Yes, they seem more fertile than the rest." Stapleton laughed. "That is the great Grimpen Mire," said he. "A false step yonder mea
 alarm could be raised sprang down the stairs and was gone. So strange and so brief was the episode, that the watchers might have found it
ill interest Mr. Horace Harker and the subscribers of the Central Press Syndicate. Now, Watson, I thin
e, no more; thou dost talk nothing to me. GONZALO. I do well believe your Highness; and did it to minister occasion to these gentlemen, who are of such 
esty to have it thus set down; for you yourself, sir, should be old as I am if, like a crab, you could go backward. Pol. [aside] Thoug
 would with such perfection govern, sir, T' excel the golden age. SEBASTIAN. Save his Majesty! ANTONIO. Long live Gonzalo! GONZALO. And-do you mark me, sir? ALONSO. Prithee, no more
bear him to my bower in fairy land. And now I have the boy, I will undo This hateful imperfection of her eyes. And, gentle Puck, take this tr
s at once see good and evil, Inclining to them both. Were my wife's liver Infected as her life, she would not live The running of one glass. CAMILLO. Who does her? LEONTES. Why, he 
. Content. Hot. To-night, say I. Come, come, it may not be. I wonder much, Being men of such great leading as you are, That you foresee not what impe
body who is absolutely puzzled, throughout three continents, you are brought in contact with all that is strange and bizarre. But here"--I 
n absolutely depend upon my discretion and my co-operation in keeping the facts out of the papers." Dr. Armst
ine act. COMINIUS. You shall not be The grave of your deserving; Rome must know The value of her own. 'Twere a concealment Worse than a theft, no l
 nought but that thou liv'st. Enter VAUX QUEEN. Whither goes Vaux so fast? What news, I prithee? VAUX. To signify 
ossier there already." "Out of date and waste paper. The Admiralty in some way got the alarm and every code has been change
ring here always. Kindly turn round and wave him away like that.' "I did as I was told, and at the same instant Mrs
hich we will do, Wives may be merry and yet honest too. We do not act that often jest and laugh; 'Tis old but true: Still swine eats all the draff. Exit Re-enter MISTRESS FORD, with 
ly. ARCHIDAMUS. Believe me, I speak as my understanding instructs me and as mine honesty puts it to utterance. CAMILLO. Sicilia cannot show himself overkind t
low too. He'll be cut up over this, for the man has been in his service for years and was a good servant. It's evidently t
indeed! Had we done so at first, we had droven them home With clouts about their heads. ANTONY. Thou bleed'st apace. SCARUS. I had a wound here that was like a T, 
which told us a very plain tale. He had evidently been carried down by two persons, one of whom had remarkably small feet and the other un
me all the enrolled penalties Which have, like unscour'd armour, hung by th' wall So long that nineteen zodiacs have gone round And none of them been worn; and, for a 
, the something that nature gave me his countenance seems to take from me. He lets me feed with his hinds, bars me
 Barrymore had returned from taking our luggage to our rooms. He stood in front of us now with the subdue
bes Savagely slaughter'd. To relate the manner Were, on the quarry of these murther'd deer, To add the death of you. MAL
step is to check, so far as we can, the movements of Mortimer Tregennis after he left the room. In this the
 Then Oberstein had this idea about the trains which halted under his back window. But first he examined the papers
'd back. QUEEN KATHARINE. What need you note it? Pray you keep your way; When you are call'd, return. Now the Lord help! They vex me past my patien
e! Not I, but my affairs, have made you wait. When you shall please to play the thieves for wives, I'll watch as long for you then. Approac
n. It must be one of them. You take your choice. Which is yours?" "The foul-mouthed fellow at the top.
ing so. KING. [Advancing] Come, sir, you blush; as his, your case is such. You chide at him, offending twice as much: You do not love Maria! Longaville Did never sonnet f
ut found no outline of any footmark." "Had it been raining all evening?" "Since about seven." "How is it, then, that the woman who came into the ro
s of a son-in-law; Pardon's the word to all. ARVIRAGUS. You holp us, sir, As you did mean indeed to be our brother; J
n have found something more definite to go upon? Of course I should. Sit down on this bench, Watson, until a train for Chislehurst arrives, and allow me to lay the evidence before you, i
 up your mind whether it's a case for a policeman or a clergyman." "Precisely." "And now there's thi
ger of their lives from the jealousy and hatred of an old rival. That evening Jefferson Hope was taken into custody, and not being able to find 
uld know me. Ariel, Fetch me the hat and rapier in my cell; Exit ARIEL I will discase me, and myself present As I was sometime Milan. Quickly, spirit 
ut myself; Heaven is my judge, not I for love and duty, But seeming so, for my peculiar end. For when my outward action doth demonstrate The native act and figure of my heart In complement exter
 lives, my great revenge Had stomach for them all. DESDEMONA. Alas, he is betray'd, and I undone! OTHELLO. Out, strumpet! Weep'st thou for him to my face
 have, Full well shalt thou perceive how much I dare. DEMETRIUS. Ay, boy, grow ye so brave? [They draw] AARON. [Coming forward] Why, how now, lords! So near the Emperor's palace dare ye draw 
ce; four happy days bring in Another moon; but, O, methinks, how slow This old moon wanes! She lingers my desires, Like to a ste
 instant we both sat bolt upright in our chairs, with all our weary senses keenly on the alert once more. We had heard the crea
ad just been speaking running across the field in the direction of the cottage. Then of course I saw exactly what it all me
e for; Proceeded further- cut me off the heads Of all the favourites that the absent King In deputation left behind him here When he was personal i
the fading light that every blind in the house had been drawn down. As we dashed up to the door, my 
 Pope--down to his arrest of Wilson, the notorious canary-trainer, which removed a plague-spot from the East-E
ained silent, with our thoughts upon the new development which the mysterious business had taken. Holmes was the first to spri
's morris is fill'd up with mud, And the quaint mazes in the wanton green, For lack of tread, are undistinguishable. The human mortals want their winter here; No ni
l hear I am run away; know it before the report come. If there be breadth enough in the world, I will hold a long distance. My duty to you. Your unfo
SLE. My lord, wise men ne'er sit and wail their woes, But presently prevent the ways to wail. To fear the foe, sinc
not have been so stern. ANGELO. Pray you be gone. ISABELLA. I would to heaven I had your potency, And you were Isabel! Should it then be thu
h the King to find them here, That he thereby may have a likely guess How these were they that made away his brother. Exit MARTIUS. Why dost not comfort me, and help
Atlantic. Whatever the reason, Ferrier remained strictly celibate. In every other respect he conforme
 screaming out, for an agonizing pain shot through his forearm. He nearly fainted at the sudden shock of it; but he bit his lip and clenched his hands to hi
r remembrance, child. Accusativo, hung, hang, hog. QUICKLY. 'Hang-hog' is Latin for bacon, I warrant you. EVANS. Leave your prabb
rove so. Up with't, keep it close. Home, home, the next way! We are lucky, boy; and to be so still requ
l. He soon realized that even his iron constitution could not stand the incessant strain which he was putting upon it. Exposure and want of wholesom
iss her burial. Should I go to church And see the holy edifice of stone, And not bethink me straight 
s of it remember me; For such as I am all true lovers are, Unstaid and skittish in all motions else Save 
ANTAGENET. And, by my soul, this pale and angry rose, As cognizance of my blood-drinking hate, Will I for ever, and my facti
o, I cannot reprove it; and wise, but for loving me--by my troth, it is no addition to her wit, nor no great argument of her folly, for I will be horribly in l
and finally, on his coming in to her, had broken into violent recriminations. Therefore something had occurred between seven-thirty and nine o'clock which had completely altered her feelings towar
before--such as I should have thought her incapable of assuming. She was deadly pale and breathing fast, glancing furtively towards the bed as she fastened her mantle, to see if she had disturbed 
 broke away. However, your man picked her up, and it all ends well. We can't arrest without her evidence, that is clear, so the sooner we get a statement the better." "Every min
is ignorance was as remarkable as his knowledge. Of contemporary literature, philosophy and politics he appeared to know next to nothing. Upo
a dishonoured man,' said he. 'I could not bear the disgrace. I must raise the money in some way, and if you will not let me have it, then I m
teth me, and worth a monarchy. I seek not to wax great by others' waning Or gather wealth I care not with what envy; Sufficeth that I have maintains my state, And sends the poor w
ore than do us wrong. CASSIUS. I know not what may fall; I like it not. BRUTUS. Mark Antony, here, take you Caesar's body. You shall not in your funeral speech blame us, But speak all good y
 case, your purse in a light. Yet you see how this world goes. Glou. I see it feelingly. Lear. What, 
the trembling of her lips. "'I did as she asked me, and they talked together for a few minutes. Then she came down the street 
nd a large black cat lay coiled up in the basket; but there was no sign of the woman whom I had seen before. I ran into the other room, but it was equally deserted
t and waited with sombre patience for the coming of its tenant. And then at last I heard him. Far away came the 
ton Outrage. Murder by a Madman," and the contents of the paper showed that Mr. Horace Harker had got his account into print 
or. CHAPTER XV A Retrospection It was the end of November and Holmes and I sat, upon a raw and foggy night, on either side of a blazing fire in our sitting-room in Baker Street. Since the tragic ups
 heath-clad land, an outlying spur of the moor, lay in front of us. On the summit, hard and clear like an equestrian statue upon its pedestal, was a mounted soldier, dark and stern, his r
weet wench, between thy teeth. As for thee, boy, go, get thee from my sight; Thou art an exile, and thou must not stay. Hie to the Goths and raise an arm
he sequence of events, though you see them, of course, in the inverse order to the way in which they presented themselves to me. Beppo had the pearl in his possession. He may have stolen it from 
 they should call me madam? And didst thou not kiss me, and bid me fetch the thirty shillings? I put thee now to thy book-oath. Deny it, if thou
th of his stride, and we know that he was bearded. His hairiness was the one point which impressed itself upo
 get at him and failed; a third time, you see, it came off. Is there anything further which I can explain, Dr. Trevelyan?" "I think you have made it all remar
g. RIVERS. Why with some little train, my Lord of Buckingham? BUCKINGHAM. Marry, my lord, lest by a multitude The new-heal'd wound of malice sho
we do with this poor wretch's body? We cannot leave it here to the foxes and the ravens." "I suggest that we put it in one of the huts until we can communi
ost; we that are young Shall never see so much, nor live so long. Exeunt with a dead march. THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS
e kept together in our chivalry.' Upon these words I came and cheer'd him up; He smil'd me in the face, raught m
ouse of York. Thus do I leave thee. Come, son, let's away; Our army is ready; come, we'll after them. KING HENRY. Stay, gentle Margaret, and hear me speak. QUEEN MARGARET. Thou hast spoke t
ledge of that too, and therefore comes to speak with you. What is to be said to him, lady? He's fortified against any denial. OLIVIA. Tell him he shall not sp
out him than I did. Finally when I got your reply to my wire I came out to you, since I gather that you are a person who gives advice 
 by th' seaside, where my wine is hid. How now, moon-calf! How does thine ague? CALIBAN. Hast thou not dropp'd from hea
y as before, on the following Saturday and Monday. He always kept his distance and did not molest me in any way, but still it certainly was very odd. I mentioned it to Mr
sternight at supper You suddenly arose and walk'd about, Musing and sighing, with your arms across; And when I ask'd you what the m
ex. Since then I have been honoured by his confidence, which has not prevented most of his plans going subtly wrong 
ancient village into a modern town. It is the centre for a considerable area of country, since Tunbridge Wells, the nearest place of importance, is ten or twelve miles to the eastward, over t
therefore, lords, since he affects her most, It most of all these reasons bindeth us In our opinions she should be preferr'd; For what is wedloc
ive girl, as you may have noticed, and she is not easily controlled when she has made up her mind on a point. Of course, I did no
g past my head; so I broke away across the paddy-fields, and found myself late at night safe within the walls at Agra. "As it proved, however, there was no gre
e principal person concerned is beyond the reach of human law, and with due suppression the story may be told i
iger-skins thrown athwart it increased the suggestion of Eastern luxury, as did a huge hookah which stood upon a mat in the 
ts, that he dared do it. This paste in the tin is no doubt the luminous mixture with which the creat
AVIUS] Come hither. Pray you, How goes the world that I am thus encount'red With clamorous demands of date-broke bonds And the detention of long-since-due debts, Against my honour?
he giddy Goths, Or, at the least, make them his enemies. See, here he comes, and I must ply my theme. Enter TITUS, below T
 and wouldst adventure To mingle faith with him!- Undone, undone! If I might die within this hour, I have liv'd To
sible fashion to Scotland Yard, whence you can send for your friend, Baron Von Herling, and see if even now you may not fill tha
more, new servant, welcome. I'll leave you to confer of home affairs; When you have done we look to hear from you. PROTEUS. We'll both attend upon your ladyship. Exeunt SILVIA and THURIO VALENTINE
an, Mr. Woodley. He was always hideous, but he looks more awful than ever now, for he appears to have had an accident and he is much disfigured. I saw him out of the window, but
. They are very violent. Twice Henderson has lashed at folk with his dog-whip, and only his long purse and heavy compensation have kept him out of the courts. "Well, now, Watso
with some little cost. But first I'll turn yon fellow in his grave, And then return lamenting to my love. Shine out, fair sun, till I have bought a glass, That I may see my shado
RIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE D
 his ear, at which he starts and wakes, And being thus frighted, swears a prayer or two And sleeps again. This is that very Mab That plats 
r part of the heath. Storm still. Enter Lear and Fool. Lear. Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! rage!
 leave till all our own be won. Exeunt. THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY 
 stop again, As if thou were distraught and mad with terror? BUCKINGHAM. Tut, I can counterfeit the deep tragedian; Speak and l
, to attain In suit the place of's bed, and win this ring By hers and mine adultery. He, true knight, No les
hey grow still too; from all parts they are coming, As if we kept a fair here! Where are these porters, These lazy knaves? Y'have made a fine hand, fellows. There's a trim rabble l
was belov'd. The one the other poisoned for my sake, And after slew herself. Alb. Even so. Cover their faces. Edm. I pant for life. So
 O that I were a man! What? bear her in hand until they come to take hands, and then with public accusation, uncover'd slande
er dramatist who receives the homage of his audience. It was at such moments that for an instant he ceased to be a reasoning machine, and betrayed his human l
adow may never be seen. Ah!" He drew in his breath with a shrill, excited intake. In the dim light I saw his head thrown forward, his w
yself, who ne'er wore rowel Nor iron on his heel! I am asham'd To look upon the holy sun, to have The benefit of his blest beams, remaining So long a poor unkno
way! Where is the despatch-box?" "Still in his bedroom." "What a stroke of luck! Quick, madam, bring it here!" A moment later she had appeared with a red flat box in her hand. "How did you open it 
u know what that is?" "Search me," said the American. "Well, you need a word as well as a set of figures before you can get the lock to work." He rose and showed a double-radiating disc
he British army. It did wonders both in the Crimea and the Mutiny, and has since that time distinguished 
rs loves, And by that fire which burn'd the Carthage Queen, When the false Troyan under sail was seen, By
duty," said he. "I am convinced that in the case of a secret of this importance it would rise superior to the most intimate domestic ties." The European Secretary bow
in town. No member is permitted to take the least notice of any other one. Save in the Stranger's Room, no talking i
." "I cannot agree with you there. From the moment that I conceived the idea of the body being upon th
bell-rope and had secured me tightly to the oaken chair which stands at the head of the dining-room table. I was so firmly bound that I 
strike? O Rome, I make thee promise, If the redress will follow, thou receivest Thy full petition at the hand of Brutus! Re-enter Lucius. LUCIUS. Sir, March is wasted fifteen days. Knocking within. 
t villain! Most dear'st! my collop! Can thy dam?- may't be? Affection! thy intention stabs the centre. Thou dost make possi
 if your lordship be in't, as I believe you are, you must have the patience to hear it. Enter PAROLLES guarded, and FIRST SOLDIER as interpreter BERTRAM. A plague upon him
ss the cause why we were born, Therefore of all hands must we be forsworn. KING. What, did these rent lines show some love of thine? BEROWNE. 'Did
they have only stomachs to eat, and none to fight. Now is it time to arm. Come, shall we about it? OR
 and makest his ear A stranger to thy thoughts. IAGO. I do beseech you- Though I perchance am vicious in my guess, As, I confess, it is 
only needed certain corroborative proofs, which I speedily obtained. "What happened was this. This young fellow had employed his afternoon at the athletic grounds, where he had been pr
me, sir." "Suggestive!" said Holmes. "It may, of course, be a mere coincidence, or it may point to some nervousness which would indicate that he had reason to apprehend danger. Had you noticed anyt
y public wrongs sustain'd in France, Either to get the town again or die; And I, as sure as English Henry lives And as his father here was con
 such days as these to us befall! Exeunt THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDE
ough the magnificent Elizabethan doorway and into his Grace's study. There we found Mr. James Wilder, demure and courtly, but with some trace
I see his brains. I will fetch you light and paper and ink. MALVOLIO. Fool, I'll requite it in the highest degree; I prithe be gone. CLOWN. [Singing] I
uits you, we will retire early to-night, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in the morning." I drew aside my curtains before I went to bed and loo
ECOND LORD. Till then I'll keep him dark and safely lock'd. Exeunt ACT IV. SCENE 2. Florence. The WIDOW'S house Enter BERTRAM and DIANA
et his knowledge it might save me a long and weary hunt. But incredulity and indifference were evidently my strongest cards. "I should say th
oney as he could lay his hands on. Those are the facts of the case, Doctor, and if they are of any u
lord, I cannot tell what to think of it, but that she loves him with an enraged affection. It is past the infinite of thought. Pedro. May be she doth but counterf
e casement. QUINCE. Ay; or else one must come in with a bush of thorns and a lantern, and say he comes to disfigure or to present the person of Moo
he most practical medico-legal discovery for years. Don't you see that it gives us an infallible test for blood stains. Come over here now!" He seized me by the coat-sleev
sat together in this study. Dr. Huxtable had sent a telegram. James was so overwhelmed with grief and agitation that my suspicions, which had never been entirely absent, rose instantly to a certaint
nly th' adulterous Antony, most large In his abominations, turns you off, And gives his potent regiment to a trull That noises it agai
from another source." "Why then, did you not write to Sir Charles and explain this?" "So I should have done had I not seen his
to your wonted furtherance? Then take my soul-my body, soul, and all, Before that England give the French the foil. [They depart] See! they fo
 And she goes down at twelve. FLEANCE. I take't 'tis later, sir. BANQUO. Hold, take my sword. There's husbandry in heaven, Their candles are all out. Take thee that too.
ou, th' athversary- you may discuss unto the Duke, look you- is digt himself four yard under the countermines; by Cheshu, I think 'a will plow up all, if there is not better directions
determin'd me? WARWICK. My lord, I found the Prince in the next room, Washing with kindly tears his gentle cheeks, With such a deep 
 swirl of white vapour. As we watched it the fog-wreaths came crawling round both corners of the house and rolled slowly into 
gnorant. I can only lay the facts before you as far as I know them myself. "My father was, as you may have guessed, Major John Sholt
ioned as living in Hampshire. The letter, then, might either come from Hudson, the seaman, saying that he had betrayed the guilty secret which appeared
 Queen of all the Fairies, Finely attired in a robe of white. PAGE. That silk will I go buy. [Aside] And in that time Shall Master Slender steal my Nan away, And marry her at
son, that these facts are very suggestive. In each case there is evidence of a poisonous atmosphere. In
 to his ears in countless repetitions. Again he shouted, even louder than before, and again no whisper came back from th
nder our gaze of inquiry he became conscious that some apology was needed for this unceremonious entry. "I'm sorry, Mr. H
a good many of these papers have come through me, and I need not add are thoroughly untrustworthy. It would brighten my declining years to
 certain The daughter of a king, my drops of tears I'll turn to sparks of fire. WOLSEY. Be patient yet. QUEEN KATHARINE. I Will, when you are humble; nay, before Or God will punish me. I do be
usement. "The fun of it is," he cried, "that that fool Lestrade, who thinks himself so smart, has gone off upon the wrong track altogether. He is after the secretary Stangerso
ctive man, you might swarm up, wooden leg and all. You would depart, of course, in the same fashion, and yo
hough not for thyself, Regard thy danger, and along with me. VALENTINE. I pray thee, Launce, an if thou seest my boy, Bid him make haste and meet me at the Northgate
obtaining that momentary glimpse of trees and a garden. Mr. Latimer followed closely at my heels, and took his place opposite to me without a word. In silence we again drove for an intermi
show me friendship. Take thou that. Live, and be prosperous; and farewell, good fellow. Bal. [aside] For all this same, I'll hide me 
he Parthian darts, Though enemy, lost aim and could not? ANTONY. Eros, Wouldst thou be window'd in great Rome and see Thy master thus with pleach'd arms, bending down His corrigible neck, his face s
magnifi'st with all these tides, Stinking and fly-blown lies here at our feet. LUCY. Is Talbot slain-the Frenchmen's only scourge, Your kingdom's terror and black Nemesis?
r dogs the heels of worth. He is too good and fair for death and me; Whom I myself embrace to set him free.' COUNTESS. Ah, what sharp st
ects of his studies are. But here we are, and you must form your own impressions about him." As he spoke, we turned down a narrow lane and passed through a small side-door, whic
"'Well?' "'My heart grew light when I saw him drive away. My son is on leave just now, but I did not tell him anything of
ide-table. Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his chair with an abstracted expression and the lids drawn low over his glittering eyes. As I glanced at him I could not but think how on that very day he
 did lend it, Splitted the heart. This is his sword; I robb'd his wound of it; behold it stain'd With his most noble blood. CAESAR. Look you sad, friends? The gods rebuke me, but it is tiding
ack of the clock. This music mads me. Let it sound no more; For though it have holp madmen to their wits, In me it seems it will 
shing on this woeful land at once! I know not what to do. I would to God, So my untruth had not provok'd him to it, The King had cut off my head with my br
act, embellished with a rude engraving of the ancient Manor House, from his waistcoat pocket. "It immensely adds to the zest of an investigation, my dear Mr. 
st link." "Exactly, my dear Watson! Hence the extreme importance of Porlock. Led on by some rudimentary aspirations towards right, and encouraged by the judicious stimulation 
 and, what is more important, I have seen the fellow." "What, the man who draws them?" "Yes, I saw him at his work. But I will tell you everything in order. When I got back after my visit to you, 
e box, but it contained nothing else. "At the moment, however, we had no thought for the old chest, for our eyes were riveted upon that which crouched beside it. It was the figure of a man, clad
 The best defence that I can make is just the simple truth. Now, if it had been the old major I would have swung for him w
ntry squires, who appear to have led much the same life as is natural to their class. But, none the less, my turn that way is in my
rds! Which of this princely train Call ye the warlike Talbot, for his acts So much applauded through the realm of France? TALBOT. Here is
as but distraction. DUKE. Notable pirate, thou salt-water thief! What foolish boldness brought thee to their mercies Whom thou, in terms so blood
 full. WARWICK. Sweet York, begin; and if thy claim be good, The Nevils are thy subjects to command. YORK. Then thus: Edward t
 no exit?" "None." "Is it furnished?" "It was empty yesterday." "Then what on earth can he be doing? There is something which I don't understand in his manner. If ever a man was three
e. I hardly looked at his face. His knees were what I wished to see. You must yourself have remarked how worn, wrinkled, and stained they were. They spoke of those hours 
erish'd, and kept. Me seemeth good that, with some little train, Forthwith from Ludlow the young prince be fet Hither to L
ommune with you of this, but rather follow Our forceful instigation? Our prerogative Calls not your counsels
or take no shape nor project of affection, She is so self-endeared. Urs. Sure I think so; And therefore certainly it were not good She knew his love, lest she'll make spor
 Open them, boy.- But thou art deeper read and better skill'd; Come and take choice of all my library, And so beguile thy sorrow, ti
ve but an hour Of love, of worldly matters and direction, To spend with thee. We must obey the time. Exeunt Othello and Desdemona. RODERIGO. Iago! IAGO. What say'st thou, noble heart? R
 may halt As lamely as their manners. Lust and liberty, Creep in the minds and marrows of our youth, That 'gainst the stream of virtue the
e, and he's ordered a good dish of cutlets for his lunch. I'm surprised myself, for since I came into that room yesterday
Feasts are too proud to give thanks to the gods. APEMANTUS' Grace Immortal gods, I crave no pelf; I pray for no man but myself. Grant I may never prove 
to him, Yet he most Christian-like laments his death; And for myself- foe as he was to me- Might liquid tears, or heart-offending groans, Or blood-consuming sighs, recall his 
ave; If you like me, she shall have me and mine. TRANIO. Why, then the maid is mine from all the world By your firm promise; Gremio i
stein, of 13 Caulfield Gardens, had become my objective. I began my operations at Gloucester Road Station, where a very helpful official walked with me a
and the best of me is diligence. Lear. How old art thou? Kent. Not so young, sir, to love a woman for singing, nor so old to dote on her for anything. I have
nusual thing of all, as it seems to me, is that the lady should be tied to the chair." "Well, I am not so clear about that, Wa
ly, wished you good-night, and started for the Temple to see my husband. "We both thought the best resource was 
ron chest of Indian workmanship stood upon the deck. This, there could be no question, was the same th
ppressed groan he dropped on his face upon the ground. Horrified at the suddenness and severity of the attack, we carried him into the kitchen, where he lay back in a larg
roof, however, that they were still within the jurisdiction of the Saints. They had reached the very wildest and most desolate
if it had been my blood-relation. I welted the little devil with the slack end of the rope for it, but it was 
grace, I will, on my privilege I have with the parents of the foresaid child or pupil, undertake your ben venuto; w
ct?" "I dare not go so far as that. But of the three he is perhaps the least unlikely." "Exactly. Now, Mr. Soames
'd away two of my best sheep, which I fear the wolf will sooner find than the master. If any where I have them, 'tis by the sea-side, browsing of ivy. Good luck, an't be 
report come. If there be breadth enough in the world, I will hold a long distance. My duty to you. Your unfortunate son, BERTRAM.' This is not well, rash and unbridled boy, To fly the fa
 second cyclist appeared. This time it was the young lady coming from the station. I saw her look about her as she came to the Charlington hedge. An instant later t
. The manner of their deaths? I do not see them bleed. DOLABELLA. Who was last with them? FIRST GUARD. A simple countryman t
 thee virtue, and he stole that word, From thy behaviour, beauty doth he give And found it in thy chee
 his huge chest rising and falling. "Maybe you think if I was voted down from Bodymaster you would find yourself in my shoes. It's for the l
ith flowers. KING. Away, away! No time shall be omitted That will betime, and may by us be fitted. BEROW
and trusted that the likeness, which you could not fail to observe, would be put down to a family resemblance.
ld be chaffed by all the other clerks about having letters from a lady, so I offered to typewrite them, like he did his, but he wouldn't have that, 
aking a mercenary into your confidence. But we must plan what we are to do about Moriarty now." "As this is an express, and
. Say, Somerville, what says my loving son? And by thy guess how nigh is Clarence now? SOMERVILLE. At Southam I did leave him with his forces, And do expect him here some t
er. Now, gods, stand up for bastards! Enter Gloucester. Glou. Kent banish'd thus? and France in choler parted? And the King gone to-night? subscrib'd his pow'r? Confin'd to exhibition? All th
SUFFOLK. I'll see it truly done, my Lord of York. Exeunt all but YORK YORK. Now, York, or never, steel thy fearful thoughts And change misdoubt to resolution; Be tha
 least had the effect of making me a prompt and ready traveller. My wants were few and simple, so th
h has caused my brother to alter his habits can be no ordinary one. What in the world can he have to do with it? The case was featureless
 of papers, breaking rings atwain, Storming her world with sorrow's wind and rain. Upon her head a platted hive of straw, Which fortified h
Holmes sat in a great, old-fashioned chair, his inexorable eyes gleaming out of his haggard face. I could read in them a set purpose to
I born, and wed Unto a woman, happy but for me, And by me, had not our hap been bad. With her I liv'd in joy; our wealth increas'd By prosperous voyages I often made To Epi
, there's a tester for thee. SHALLOW. He is not his craft's master, he doth not do it right. I remember at Mile-end Green, when I lay at Clement's Inn- I 
to London And see our gentle queen how well she fares. By this, I hope, she hath a son for me. Exeunt SCE
e garments were come. She said upon a time- the bitterness of it I now belch from my heart- that she held the very g
the two luxuriant lounges on either side of the fireplace. Standing on the rug between us, with his slight, ta
hrewdly pass'd upon thee, But, when we know the grounds and authors of it, Thou shalt be both the plaintiff and the judge Of thine own cause. FABIAN. Good madam, hear me speak, And let no quarre
arefully Holmes held each separate shard to the light, but in no way did it differ from any other shattered piece of plaster. He had just completed his examination when the hal
 children, on their way to Agra, where were the nearest troops. Mr. Abelwhite was an obstinate man. He had it in his head that the affair had been ex
after some hesitation a lump of sugar which the old naturalist handed to me, and, having thus sealed an alliance, it followed me to the cab, and made no difficulties about accompany
ino's. CLOWN. Foolery, sir, does walk about the orb like the sun- it shines everywhere. I would be sor
liams or of Simon Bird, or any other job in the past. But till the work is done we say nothing." "There are h
hat are so wash'd. How much better is it to weep at joy than to joy at weeping! Beat. I pray you, is Signior Mountanto return'd from the wars or no? Mess. I know none o
so express'd, but what of that? 'Twere good you do so much for charity. SHYLOCK. I cannot find it; 'tis not in the bond. PORTIA. You, merchant, have you anything to say? ANTONIO. But l
Leonato and his brother [ Antonio]. Ant. If you go on thus, you will kill yourself, And 'tis not wisdom thus to second grief Agai
el face smiling at him as he dipped his hand in the bag. No doubt it had been prearranged in some fashion, for it w
at I account them blessings; for by these Shall I try friends. You shall perceive how you Mistake my fortunes; I am 
 Constring'd in mass by the almighty sun, Shall dizzy with more clamour Neptune's ear In his descent than shall my prompted sword Fa
at is Mr. St. Clair's house. I am staying there while I conduct the inquiry." "Where is it, then?" "Near Lee, in Kent. We have a seven-mile drive be
ough it, as you know, I came into possession of the pills, the existence of which I had already surmised. You see the whole thing is a chain of logical sequences without a break or
mbered such wealth brings, That then I scorn to change my state with kings. 30 When to the sessions of sweet silent thought, I 
th are forgiven you, you're well to live. Gold! all gold! SHEPHERD. This is fairy gold, boy, and 'twi
way up here for, and then--" "Pooh! All that is clear enough," said Holmes impatiently. "It is this last sudden move." "You understa
 ring it. "You are trying to frighten me. It is not a very manly thing, Mr. Holmes, to come here and browbeat a woman. You say that you know something. What is 
 COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACH
e goes off. Enter a LIEUTENANT, a SHIPMASTER and his MATE, and WALTER WHITMORE, with sailors; SUFFOLK
ook hard over my shoulder, so I turned round and looked also. The blind was up and the window shut, but I could just make out the bushes on the lawn, and it seemed to me for a mome
ind entreaties, Albeit against my conscience and my soul. Re-enter BUCKINGHAM and the rest Cousin of Buckingham, and sage grave men, Since you will buckle fortune on my back, To bear her burden, w
r. Watson, 221b, Baker Street, between eight and nine this evening." "Excuse my using your name," he said. "If I used my own some of these dunderheads would recognize it, and want to med
ne. He said he was a reporter. I believed it for the moment. Wanted to know all he could about the Scowrers and what he called 'the outrages' for a New York paper. Asked me every kind of question s
 sides. IAGO. You, Roderigo! Come, sir, I am for you. OTHELLO. Keep up your bright swords, for the dew will rust them. Good signior, you sh
 it makes me cry 'Alas!' PROTEUS. Well, give her that ring, and therewithal This letter. That's her chamber. Tell my l
e. One thing led to another, and it ended in his inviting me out to spend a few days at his house, Wisteria Lodge, betw
 thee well: Thou never shalt hear herald any more. Exit KING HENRY. I fear thou wilt once more come again for a ransom. Enter the DUKE OF YORK YORK. My lord, most humbly on my k
GER ARCHBISHOP. Here comes a messenger. What news? MESSENGER. Such news, my lord, as grieves me to report. QUEEN ELIZABETH. How doth
ath, For emulation hath a thousand sons That one by one pursue; if you give way, Or hedge aside from the direct forthright, Like 
t I to your assistance do make love, Masking the business from the common eye For sundry weighty reasons. SECOND MURTHERER. We shall, my lord, Perform what you comma
suspected that something was amiss. He found the door open, and in the front room, which is bare of furniture, discovered t
was an accomplice. They were all engaged for the evening." "I guessed as much." "Then, when the row broke out, I 
me round to you, and of course I at once saw the propriety of it, for certainly the incident is a very singular one, though he appears to completely overra
ead, Her ashes, in an urn more precious Than the rich jewel'd coffer of Darius, Transported shall be at high festivals Before the kings and queens of France. No longer on Saint Denis will
ngers and a horrid red, spongy surface where the thumb should have been. It had been hacked or torn right out from the roots. "Good heavens!" I cried, "this is a terrible injury
choly is the nurse of frenzy. Therefore they thought it good you hear a play And frame your mind to mirth and merriment, Which bars a thousand harms and lengthens lif
thyself. APEMANTUS. No, I will do nothing at thy bidding; make thy requests to thy friend. SECOND LORD. Away, unpeaceable dog, or I'll
we're through." "No, no, Jack! I would trust you anywhere." McMurdo laughed bitterly. "Good Lord! how little you know of me! Your innocent soul, my darling, c
the Park about midnight, at Herne's oak, and you shall see wonders. FORD. Went you not to her yesterday, sir, as you told me you had appointed? FALSTAF
l right," said Holmes quietly. "I have given you the chance. Here are your lodgings. Good-bye. I shall drop you a line before I leave." Having left Lestrade at his rooms, we drove to our hotel, w
, And they shall do their office. So be gone. We will not now be troubled with reply. We offer fair; take it advisedly. Exit Worcester [with Vernon] Prince. 
al Handbook of Bee Culture, with Some Observations upon the Segregation of the Queen. "Alone I did it. Behold the fruit of pensive nights and laborious days when I w
ake this a happy day to Antony! ANTONY. Would thou and those thy scars had once prevail'd To make me fight at land! SOLDIER. Had
from California, and also his renting a house in so quiet a place in England, as being connected with this peril. He imagined
hose bright, smiling expression and showy dress were in strange contrast with the business which had brought us there. "
h' event, then tell me If this might be a brother. MIRANDA. I should sin To think but nobly of my grandmother: Good wombs have borne bad sons. PROSPE
f amusement. "The fun of it is," he cried, "that that fool Lestrade, who thinks himself so smart, has gone off upon the wrong track alto
artius, Must to Corioli back. Send us to Rome The best, with whom we may articulate For their own good and ours. LARTIUS. I shall, my lord. CORIOLANUS. The gods begin to mock me. I, t
s requires A sequester from liberty, fasting, and prayer, Much castigation, exercise devout, For here's a young and sweating devil here That commonly rebels. 'Tis a good hand, A frank one. DESDEMONA
rch of him, found him with a match-box in his hand seated beside an open powder-barrel, which was one of a hundred carried on board, and swearing that he would blow all hands up if
ceipt thereof, Soon sleep in quiet. O, how my heart abhors To hear him nam'd and cannot come to him, To wreak the love I bore my cousin Tybalt Upon his body that hath slaughter'd him! L
but this suspense was unnerving. He concealed his fears from his daughter, however, and affected to make light of the whole matter, though she, with 
are-brained Hotspur govern'd by a spleen. All his offences live upon my head And on his father's. We did train him on; And, his corruption being taken from us, We, as the spring of all, sh
. You must give us best this time." He struck his stick sharply upon the ground, on which a cabman, his whip in 
there here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world That has such people in't! PROSPERO. 'Tis new to thee. ALONSO. What is this maid 
er eyes are fierce; but thine Do comfort, and not burn. 'Tis not in thee To grudge my pleasures, to cut off my train, To ban
was formed by some ex-Confederate soldiers in the Southern states after the Civil War, and it rapidly
? King. Where are my Switzers? Let them guard the door. Enter a Messenger. What is the matter? Mess. Save Yourself, my 
ach part; Being tasted, slays all senses with the heart. Two such opposed kings encamp them still In man as well as herbs- grace and rude will; And where the worser is predominant, Full soon the 
he more I looked at his fat, frightened face, the harder did it seem that we should slay him in cold blood. It was best to get it over. "'Take him to the main guard,' said I. The two Sikhs
eir house of Tredannick Wartha, which is near the old stone cross upon the moor. He left them shortly after ten o'
Anne, and Eleanor. SALISBURY. This Edmund, in the reign of Bolingbroke, As I have read, laid claim unto the crown; And, but for Owen Glendower, had been king, Who kept him
m. Even then it was no easy matter to keep to the right track, for the moon had not yet risen, and the high cliffs on either side made the obscurity more profound. Weighed down with his bu
together with many minor ones, all pointed in the same direction." "And how did you verify them?" "Having once spotted my man, it was easy to get corroboration. I knew the firm f
guide where to look." "The old gentleman with the telescope, no doubt. I could not make it out when first I saw the light flashing upon t
eeming autumn big with rich increase, Bearing the wanton burden of the prime, Like widowed wombs after their lords' decease: Yet this abundant issue seemed to me But hope o
f France is sending over masquers To revel it with him and his new bride. Thou seest what's past; go fear thy king withal. BONA. Tell him, in hope 
ST MURDERER. Right, as snow in harvest. Come, you deceive yourself: 'Tis he that sends us to destroy you here. CLARENCE. It cannot
chase us with my father, pow'r no jot Hath she to change our loves. Beseech you, sir, Remember since you ow'd no more to time Than I do now. With thought of such a
arasite's silk, let him be made An overture for th' wars. No more, I say. For that I have not wash'd my 
this lusty blood? He speaks plain cannon-fire, and smoke and bounce; He gives the bastinado with his tongue; Our 
tortured; I know no pain they can inflict upon him Will make him say I mov'd him to those arms. Say that he thrive, as 'tis great like he will, Why, then f
 Was not Count John here at supper? Ant. I saw him not. Beat. How tartly that gentleman looks! I never can see him but I am heart-burn'd an 
ommiseration. Here's Rome's young Captain, let him tell the tale; While I stand by and weep to hear him speak. LUCIUS. Then, gracious au
our own tents. Be but your lordship present at his examination; if he do not, for the promise of his life and in the highest compulsion of base fear, offer to betray you and del
m South America, establish his identity before the British authorities there and so obtain the fortune without ever coming to England at all; 
erby, Hastings, Buckingham; And tell them 'tis the Queen and her allies That stir the King against the Duke my brother. Now they believe it, and withal whe
ll tract, embellished with a rude engraving of the ancient Manor House, from his waistcoat pocket. "It immensely adds to the zest of an investigat
ou aweary of me? TROILUS. O Cressida! but that the busy day, Wak'd by the lark, hath rous'd the ribald crows, And dreaming night will hi
truggle, would have been heard, since Caunter, the elder boy in the inner room, is a very light sleeper. "When Lord Saltire's disappearance was discovered I at once called a roll of the whol
"The time has come. You will now be present at the last scene of a remarkable little drama." There was a sound upon the stairs, and our door was opened to admit as fine a s
, cabby." Holmes sent off a short wire and for the rest of the drive lay back in the cab, with his hat tilted ov
sparent Helena! Nature shows art, That through thy bosom makes me see thy heart. Where is Demetrius? O, how fit a word Is that vile name to p
I lose a scruple of this sport let me be boil'd to death with melancholy. SIR TOBY. Wouldst thou not be glad to have the niggardly rascally sheep-biter come by s
s entrance here. TITUS. Rise, Marcus, rise; The dismal'st day is this that e'er I saw, To be dishonoured by my sons in 
heir addresses. It would be of the greatest use to me to have them.' "'Surely there are classified lists?' I suggested. "'Not reliable 
arkness and called to her to stop. As he stepped into the circle of yellow light thrown by the lantern she saw that he was a person of gentlemanly bearing, dressed in a gray su
"I am Mr. Holmes," answered my companion, looking at her with a questioning and rather startled gaze. "Indeed! My mistress told me that you were likely to call. She left this 
low it to the source from whence it came; Thy very beams will dry those vapours up, For every cloud engenders not a
rn. What means your Grace? Enter Goneril. Lear. Who stock'd my servant? Regan, I have good hope Thou didst not know on't.- Who comes here? O heavens! If you do love 
ersed by a narrow pathway, yellowish in colour, and consisting apparently of a mixture of clay and of gravel. The whole place was very sloppy from the 
t round engirt these brows of mine, Whose smile and frown, like to Achilles' spear, Is able with the change to kill and cure. Here is a 
 is from Lord St. Simon. I will read it to you, and in return you must turn over these papers and let me have whatever bears upon the matter
ay no more. I must get back, or he will miss me and suspect that I have seen you. Good-bye!" She turned and had disappeared in a few minutes among the scattered boulders, whi
 of analysis and deduction! But, indeed, if you are trivial, I cannot blame you, for the days of the great cases are past. Man, or 
shall find himself most feelingly personated. I can write very like my lady, your niece; on forgotten matter we can hardly make distinction of our hands. SIR TOBY. Excellent! I smell a device. AGUEC
h our prisoner, I think that we may get started for London at once." It was no easy task to move Von Bork, for he was a strong and a desperate man. Finally, holding 
 broil and battle; And therefore little shall I grace my cause In speaking for myself. Yet, by your gracious patie
wever, to see his exhaustion. "I only wished to help," I explained. "Exactly! You will help best by doing what you are told." "Certainly, Holmes." He relaxed th
 is staying A gentleman, sent from the King, to see you. KATHARINE. Admit him entrance, Griffith; but this fellow Let me ne'er see again. Exit MESSENGER Enter LORD CAPUCIUS If my sight fail
s solution. It was not until we had returned in the afternoon to our cottage that we found a visitor awaiting us, who soon brought our minds back to the matter in hand. Neither of us need
 By nice direction of a maiden's eyes; Besides, the lott'ry of my destiny Bars me the right of voluntary choosing. But, if my 
o painful labour both by sea and land, To watch the night in storms, the day in cold, Whilst thou liest w
solution. For this reason I will now lay before the reader the facts connected with Miss Violet Smith, the solitary cyclist of Charlingt
hat even if Holmes's explanation were incorrect the true theory must be equally outr and startling. At three o'clock in the aftern
rimm'd like a younker prancing to his love! EDWARD. Dazzle mine eyes, or do I see three suns? RICHARD. Three glorious suns, each one a perfect sun; Not separated with the racki
 of us, It fits we thus proceed, or else no witness Would come against you. CRANMER. I humbly thank your Highness And am right glad to catch this good occasion Most throughly t
air has upset you." "To tell the truth, it has," I said. "I ought to be more case-hardened after my Afghan experiences. I saw my own comrades hacked to piece
tructions on. AENEAS. My lord, you do discomfort all the host. TROILUS. You understand me not that tell me so. I do not speak of flight, of fear of death, But dare all imminenc
e official detective was attired in a pea-jacket and cravat, which gave him a decidedly nautical appearance, and he carried a black canvas bag in his hand. 
iew which each of us had taken. My husband found and kept both diary and letters. He hid them, and he tr
n of it. It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers." Percy Phelps and hi
equests. Play the maid's part: still answer nay, and take it. GLOUCESTER. I go; and if you plead as w
ting still. It was a long fight between my pride and the money, but the dollars won at last, and I threw up report
 as much as a dog. Then I pulled myself together and went back and pushed the door open. All was quiet ins
 wedding after all those years of waiting. Frank had been a prisoner among the Apaches, had escaped, came on to 'Frisco, found that I had gi
ways hanging about my hut. I learned a little of his lingo from him, and this made him all the fonder of me. "Tonga--for that was his name--was a fine boatm
om Antony. Know you him? DOLABELLA. Caesar, 'tis his schoolmaster: An argument that he is pluck'd, when hither He sends so poor a pinion of his wing, Which had superfluous kings for
y know their master loves to be aloft, And bears his thoughts above his falcon's pitch. GLOUCESTER. My lord, 'tis but a base ignoble mind That mounts no h
h temper, who would not take an insult even from the all-powerful Boss himself. But in addition to this he impressed his comrades with the idea that among them 
EUS, and train THESEUS. Go, one of you, find out the forester; For now our observation is perform'd, And since we have the vaward of the day, My love sha
o forth today. Call it my fear That keeps you in the house and not your own. We'll send Mark Antony to the Senate House, And he shall say y
nd, quite ready to converse about their deeds in the past, which they recounted with the half-bashful pride of men who had done
 bed of a dried-up watercourse, until he came to the retired corner, screened with rocks, where the faithful animals had be
or for authority The Bishop will be overborne by thee. I'll either make thee stoop and bend thy knee, Or sack this country wi
OPATRA. Lord of lords! O infinite virtue, com'st thou smiling from The world's great snare uncaught? ANTONY. Mine nightingale, We have beat them to their beds. What, girl! though grey Do somethi
ich I thought buried. How many a holy and obsequious tear Hath dear religious love stol'n from mine eye, As interest of the 
e would have been fatal. More than once, as tufts of grass came out in my hand or my foot slipped in the wet notches of the rock, I thought t
us than he. We are two lions litter'd in one day, And I the elder and more terrible. And Caesar shall go forth. CALPURNIA. Alas, my lord, Your wisdom is co
chiding of the winter's wind, Which when it bites and blows upon my body, Even till I shrink with cold, I smile and say 'This is no flattery; these are counsellors Tha
ugnacious face. He wore a ruddy-tinted tweed suit and had the weather-beaten appearance of one who has spent most of his time in the open air, and yet there was 
e it here in my museum." Our visitor staggered to his feet and clutched the mantelpiece with his right hand. Holmes unlocked his strong-box and held up the blue carbu
is what we have waited for." A terrible sob shook his great frame, and he clutched his throat under his brindled beard. Then with an effort he mastered himself and spoke on: "The vicar
n me an hour to come down. For all my efforts two more had passed before I found myself at the fall of Reichenbach once more. There was Holmes's
 there any signs which could give us a clue as to the criminal or lunatic who had done the mischief. Now, Mr. Holmes, you have got the facts." "They are singular, not to say grotesque," sai
d not tell you that it means a very great deal to the country-side. Sir Henry has, I suppose, no superstitious fears in the matter?" "
 she may be surpris'd. Here PROCULEIUS and two of the guard ascend the monument by a ladder placed aga
 true, without any slips of prolixity or crossing the plain highway of talk, that the good Antonio, the
l as I was. I determined to wait until I got back to town before telling my story to the police. It was a little past six when I arrived, so I went first to have my wound dressed, and then the 
y show, The other as your bounty doth appear, And you in every blessed shape we know. In all external grace you have some part, But you 
l, heaven send Anne Page no worse fortune! Tell Master Parson Evans I will do what I can for your master. An
ords, Saint Alban here hath done a miracle; and would ye not think his cunning to be great that could restore this cr
oyal presences be rul'd by me: Do like the mutines of Jerusalem, Be friends awhile, and both conjointly bend Your sharpest deeds of malice on this town. By east and west let France 
ing impressions. No doubt it appeared to you to be a mere trampled line of slush, but to my trained eyes every mark upon its surface had a meaning. There is no br
" Peters answered coolly. "I've a bill against her for a nearly a hundred pounds, and nothing to show for it but a couple of trumpery pendan
cquaintance upon the sofa, placed a pillow beneath his head, and laid a glass of brandy and water within his reach. "It is easy to see t
ring a long white wand, as High Steward. With him, the DUKE OF NORFOLK, with the rod of marshalship, a coronet on his head. Collars of Esses. 8. A canopy borne by four of the C
of men who had done good and unselfish service for the community. They were reticent, however, as to the immediate job in hand. "They chose us because
o her, fair as you are. Go pack with him, and give the mother gold, And tell them both the circumstance 
t I could not feel justified in laying them before the public. On the other hand, it has frequently happened that he has been conc
the jury stated, and were not to be connected with the warnings." Holmes shook his clenched hands in the air. "Incredible i
ng breast thy pillow; Many a story hath he told to thee, And bid thee bear his pretty tales in mind And talk of them when he was dead and 
e suspected a mere vulgar intrigue. That, however, was out of the question. The man's business was a small one, and there was nothing in his house which could account for such ela
m not good enough for it either." "You can do what you like," says I, "but if Fairbairn shows his face here again I'll send you one of his ears fo
 right? Find an answer to all these questions, and you will have done good service for your country." "Why do you not solve it 
hing neck shot upward and a dreadful cry echoed over the moor. It turned me cold with horror, but my companion's nerves seemed to be stronger than mine. "It's gone!" said he. "The mi
by a bright-looking, clean-shaven young fellow, who asked him to step in. "Thank you," said Holmes, "I only wished to ask you how you wo
u seek To lay on me a cruelty by taking Antony's course, you shall bereave yourself Of my good purposes, and put your children To 
And much offence too. Touching this vision here, It is an honest ghost, that let me tell you. For your desire to know what is between us, O'ermaster't as you may. And now
even when burned. You acknowledge now that you wrote it?" "Yes, I did write it," she cried, pouring out her sou
Though you were born in Rome.' His bloody brow With his mail'd hand then wiping, forth he goes, Like to a harvest-man that's task'd to mow Or all or lose his hi
 take upon 's what else remains to do, According to our order. SIWARD. Fare you well. Do we but find the tyrant's power tonight, Let us be beaten if we cannot fight. MACDUFF. Make all our 
rk which has been done by Sir Charles will crash to the ground if there is no tenant of the Hall. I fear lest I should be swayed too much by my own obvious intere
 these scattered remains of those who had fallen by the wayside. Looking down on this very scene, there stood upon the fourth of May, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, a solita
 my manhood, honesty, or wisdom, To let you know my thoughts. OTHELLO. What dost thou mean? IAGO. Good name in man and wom
have kill'd your king, I do forgive thee, Unnatural though thou art. Their understanding Begins to swell, and
h dignity after a few minutes' silence. "Why should you raise up hopes which you are bound to disappoint? I am not over-tender of heart, but I call it cruel." "I think that I see my way to c
gh the darkness which had girt me so long. "But are you sure of this, Holmes? How do you know that t
d me! How am I beset! What kind of catechising call you this? Claud. To make you answer truly to your name. Hero. Is it not Hero? Who can blot that name With any j
e oppos'd Against acquaintance, kindred, and allies. The edge of war, like an ill-sheathed knife, No more shall cut his master. Therefore, friends, As far as to the sepulchre 
ive how I might be knighted. I shall think the worse of fat men as long as I have an eye to make difference of men's liking. And yet h
I could find in my heart to disgrace my man's apparel, and to cry like a woman; but I must comfort the weaker vessel, as doublet and h
th him through the door. Recently he has been drinking hard, and yesterday evening he was very drunk; and whe
eed, madam; the King very lately spoke of him admiringly and mourningly; he was skilful enough to have liv'd still, if knowledge could be set up against mortality. BERTRAM. W
up the street. I tried to draw my companion's attention to them, but he gave a little ejaculation of impatience and 
 could one ask for?" "Does your explanation cover every point?" "Undoubtedly. I find that young Neligan arrived at the Brambletye Hotel on the very day of the crime. He came 
I read his record aloud. "Mortimer, James, M.R.C.S., 1882, Grimpen, Dartmoor, Devon. House-surgeon, from 1882 to 1884, at Charing Cross Hospital. Winner of the Jackson prize 
n's head. PROVOST. Come, sir, leave me your snatches and yield me a direct answer. To-morrow morning are to die Claudio and Barnardine. Here is in our prison a common executioner, who in his off
on with a velvet brow, With two pitch balls stuck in her face for eyes; Ay, and, by heaven, one that will do the deed, Though Argus were her eunuch and her guard. And I to sigh 
 Let us sit and mock the good housewife Fortune from her wheel, that her gifts may henceforth be bestowed equally. ROSALIND. I would w
her habit only that is honest, Herself's a bawd. Let not the virgin's cheek Make soft thy trenchant sword; for those milk paps That through the window bars bore at men's eyes Are not within the leaf 
oydon?" "No, I saw nothing." "Ah! then you must have overlooked it. Just toss it over to me. Here it is, under the financial colum
s will make my mother die with grief! KING JOHN. [To the BASTARD] Cousin, away for England! haste before, And, ere our coming, see thou shake the bags Of hoarding abbots; 
facts are very plain, and I shall be surprised if by the afternoon I cannot give you the reasons for them as well. I will take
my setting. I shall fall Like a bright exhalation in the evening, And no man see me more. Re-enter to WOLSEY the DUK
ething of it," said he, "though I have no doubt that the first editions of the evening papers are out alrea
soda in Baker Street, "it was perfectly obvious from the first that the only possible object of this rather fantastic business 
ccomplice was one who could never give him away, and the grotesque, inconceivable nature of the device only served to make it more effec
Indian servant, who, Mr. Thaddeus tell me, sleeps in the next garret. Then I shall study the great Jones's methods and listen to his not too delicate sarcasms. 'Wir sind gewohnt, da die Men
 McMurdo thought of old Brother Morris. "Sure, it is the second time I have heard the valley so named," said he. "
s which looked like a Newfoundland dog. The boy held the tiller, while against the red glare of the furnace I 
ce; and, in lieu thereof, impose on thee nothing but this: bear this significant [giving a letter] to the countr
de] What's that to him? CYMBELINE. That diamond upon your finger, say How came it yours? IACHIMO. Thou'lt torture me to le
Your brother and his lover have embrac'd. As those that feed grow full, as blossoming time That from the seedness the bare fallow brings To teeming foison, even so her plenteous womb Express
r more, Suitors to her and rivals in my love; Supposing it a thing impossible- For those defects I have before rehears'd-
self in this vexation; sully The purity and whiteness of my sheets- Which to preserve is sleep, which being spotted Is goads, thorns, nettles, tails of wasps; Give sc
were trembling under him. Twice as we ascended Holmes whipped his lens out of his pocket and carefully examined marks which appeared to me to be mere shapeless smudges of dust upon the cocoa-nut matt
SPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE R
BURGUNDY. What Lord Talbot pleaseth Burgundy. TALBOT. But yet, before we go, let's not forget The noble Duke of Bedford, late deceas'd, But see his exequies fulfill'd in Rouen. A
om his heart. This in the name of God I promise here; The which if he be pleas'd I shall perform, I do beseech your Majesty may salve The long-grown wounds of my intempera
ome nearer. Then I love thee Because thou art a woman and disclaim'st Flinty mankind, whose eyes do never give But thorough lust and laughter.
 But Mr. Baynes had kept his most sinister exhibit to the last. From under the sink he drew a zinc pail which contained a qu
rtions will be attended by any better results than in the past. Some of the men were recognized, and 
I took her for. LORENZO. How every fool can play upon the word! I think the best grace of wit will shortly turn into silence, and discourse grow commendable in none only bu
d my tongue like leather. The turmoil within my brain was such that something must surely snap. I tried to scream and was vaguely aware o
 my soul, he did, for aught he knew. But wherefore do you droop? Why look you sad? Be great in act, as you have been in thought; Let not the world see fear and sad distrust Govern the motion
 scarfs off Caesar's images, are put to silence. Fare you well. There was more foolery yet, if could remember it. CASSIUS. Will you sup wit
 no more. O, coward that I am, to live so long, To see my best friend ta'en before my face! Pindarus descends. Come hither, sirrah. In Parthia did I take t
. PAGE. Adieu, good Sir Hugh. Exit SIR HUGH Get you home, boy. Come, we stay too long. Exeunt SCENE 2. FORD'S house Enter FALSTAFF and MISTRESS FOR
ESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE 
adle; Where they most breed and haunt, I have observed The air is delicate. Enter Lady Macbeth. DUNCAN. See, see, our honor'd hostess! The love that follows us sometime is our trouble, Which still
ary gave it up as a bad job, and simply bargained with him that if he missed the last train he should rejoin him at Halliday's Private H
y, I'll pawn my victories, all My honours to you, upon his good returns. If by this crime he owes the law his life, W
there were none at all; For emulation who shall now be nearest Will touch us all too near, if God prevent not. 
Clotilde Lothman von Saxe-Meningen, second daughter of the King of Scandinavia. You may know the strict principles of her family. She is herself t
'd By all external warrants, show it now By putting on the destin'd livery. ISABELLA. I have no tongue but one; gentle, my lord, Let me intreat you speak the for
mploy'd, To show how quaint an orator you are. But all the honour Salisbury hath won Is that he was the lord ambassador Sent from a 
nd blush of modesty; Calls virtue hypocrite; takes off the rose From the fair forehead of an innocent love, And sets a blister there; mak
e a fool. You, niece, provide yourself. If you outstay the time, upon mine honour, And in the greatness of my word, yo
 afar off] Ha! a drum? Th'art quick, But yet I'll bury thee. Thou't go, strong thief, When gouty keepers of thee cannot stand. Nay, stay thou out for earnest. [Keeping some
 foolery when it stands Against a falling fabric. Will you hence, Before the tag return? whose rage doth rend Like interrupted waters, and o'erbear What they are us'd to bear. MENENIUS. Pray you b
 way going to temptation Where prayers cross. ISABELLA. At what hour to-morrow Shall I attend your lordship? ANGELO. At any time 'fo
Our musty superfluity. See, our best elders. Enter COMINIUS, TITUS LARTIUS, with other SENATORS; JUNIUS BRUTUS and SICINIUS VELUT
 butler, is a man with a full, black beard." "Ha! Where is Barrymore?" "He is in charge of the Hall." "We h
hem we nourish 'gainst our Senate The cockle of rebellion, insolence, sedition, Which we ourselves have plough'd for, sow
 alone, Ascribe we all. When, without stratagem, But in plain shock and even play of battle, Was ever known so great a
at our stars, Unreconciliable, should divide Our equalness to this. Hear me, good friends- Enter an EGYPTIAN But I will tell you at some meeter season. The business of this man 
ell drawn, monster, in good sooth! CALIBAN. I'll show thee every fertile inch o' th' island; and will kiss thy foot. I prithee be my god. TRINCULO. By this
you no doubt travel a little and indulge yourself in every way. I believe that a single lady can get on very nicely
e up to her chamber for an instant, caught up an ulster and bonnet, and hurried down to the passage. On
loset hath he dragg'd him. Go seek him out; speak fair, and bring the body Into the chapel. I pray you haste in this. Exeunt [Rosencrantz and Guildenstern]
s dead midnight still, Guarded with grandsires, babies, and old women, Either past or not arriv'd to pith and puissance; For who is he whose chin is but enrich'd With 
such men as may besort your age, Which know themselves, and you. Lear. Darkness and devils! Saddle my horses! Call my train together! Degenerate bastard, I'll not trouble thee; Y
ANA. His company must do his minions grace, Whilst I at home starve for a merry look. Hath homely age t
ot be by. [DUKE FREDERICK goes apart] LE BEAU. Monsieur the Challenger, the Princess calls for you. ORLANDO. I
louceste converse. Edmund stands back.] Kent. I thought the King had more affected the Duke of Albany than Cornwall
ou are now playing a double-handed game with me against the cleverest rogue and the most powerful syndicate of criminals in Europe. Now listen! You will dispatch 
er that her friend, Mrs. Barclay, might find herself in the dock upon a capital charge unless the matter were cleared up. "Miss Morrison is a little etherea
ll lie, Most like a soldier, ordered honorably. So call the field to rest, and let's away, To part the glories of this happy day. Exeunt. THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COM
 competent Was gaged by our king; which had return'd To the inheritance of Fortinbras, Had he been vanquisher, as, by the same comart And carriage of the article design'd, His fell to Hamlet.
 use them well. Exit SERVANT leading HORTENSIO carrying the lute and LUCENTIO with the books We will go walk a
dhound carolled away like a lark while I meditated upon the many-sidedness of the human mind. CHAPTER V Our
hand. "And I hope, also," he continued, sitting down in the rocking-chair, "that the cares of medical p
ow, my habits are irregular, and such a feat means less to me than to most men. It was very essential that I should impress Mrs. Hudson with the reality of my 
ike thee dead. Put up thy sword betime; Or I'll so maul you and your toasting-iron That you shall think the devil is come from hell. BIGOT. What wilt thou do, renowned Faulconbridge? 
boys mine honour thou hast wounded. My foes I do repute you every one; So trouble me no more, but get you gone. MAR
e thus unto my face, Being forbid? There, take you that, sir knave. [Beats him] DROMIO OF EPHESUS. What mean you, sir? For God's sake hold your hands! Nay, an yo
 sulph'rous and tormenting flames Must render up myself. Ham. Alas, poor ghost! Ghost. Pity me not, but lend thy serious hearing To what I shall unfold. Ham
d been mercenary. FIRST CONSPIRATOR. So he did, my lord. The army marvell'd at it; and, in the last, When he had carried Rome and that we look'd For no less spoil than glory- AUFIDIUS. There wa
- the way to lose him. CHARMIAN. Tempt him not so too far; I wish, forbear; In time we hate that which we often fear. Enter ANTONY But here 
o far the housekeeper could add nothing on cross-examination save lamentations and expressions of amazement. Cecil Barker succeeded Mrs. Allen as a witness. As
ile, For fear of what might fall, so to prevent The time of life- arming myself with patience To stay the providence of some high powers That govern us belo
s of mighty force. But, Clifford, tell me, didst thou never hear That things ill got had ever bad success? And happy always was it for that son Whose father fo
dained festival Turn from their office to black funeral- Our instruments to melancholy bells, Our wedding cheer to a sa
ater, which ne'er left man i' th' mire. This and my food are equals; there's no odds.' Feasts are too proud to give thanks to the gods. APEMANTUS' Grace Immortal gods, I crave 
 barons Of the Cinque-ports. SECOND GENTLEMAN. Those men are happy; and so are all are near her. I take it she that ca
ose spiritual counsel had, Shall stop or spur me. Have I done well? FIRST LORD. Well done, my lord. LEONTES. Though I am satisfied, and need no more Th
victory. I am sorry for her, as I have just cause, being her uncle and her guardian. Pedro. I would she had bestowed this dotage
dly lost wherein such preparation was gained; and in him that escapes it were not sin to think that, ma
hat we were about to telegraph to a young electrician in the Midlands would probably complete the cure. As to you
 minutes." "You spoke to my coachman, then?" "No, it was the candle on the side-table that told me. Pray resume your seat and let me know how I can serve you." "M
proclaims me bastard; Cries cuckold to my father; brands the harlot Even here between the chaste unsmirched brows Of my true mother. King. What 
ry," said Holmes. "Thank you! Now, Cartwright, there are the names of twenty-three hotels here, all in the immediate neighbourhood of Charing Cros
ir of state, opposing freely The beauty of her person to the people. Believe me, sir, she is the goodliest woman That ever lay by man; which
uld serve to scale another Hero's tow'r, So bold Leander would adventure it. DUKE. Now, as thou art a gentleman of blood, Advise me where I may have such a ladder. VALENTINE. When woul
defend me! How am I beset! What kind of catechising call you this? Claud. To make you answer truly to your name. Her
y again there is no English soul More stronger to direct you than yourself, If with the sap of reason you would quench Or but allay the 
nd be it death proclaimed through our host To boast of this or take that praise from God Which is his only. FLUELLEN
Exit Ghost. We do it wrong, being so majestical, To offer it the show of violence; For it is as the air, invulnerable, And ou
now, Octavius, Listen great things. Brutus and Cassius Are levying powers; we must straight make head; Therefore let our alliance be combined, Our best friends made, our me
ly malodorous product. His head was sunk upon his breast, and he looked from my point of view like a strange, lank bird, with dull grey plumage and a black top-knot. "So, Wat
 bullet, as you perceive, Watson. There's genius in that, for who would expect to find such a thing fired from an air-gun. All right, Mrs. Hudson, I am much obliged for your as
mptation of sudden wealth so easily acquired was too much for you, as it has been for better men before you; but you were not very scrupulous in the means you used. 
 him lying in such a plight before me? "It's for your own sake, Watson," he croaked. "For my sake?" "I know what is the matter with me. It is a co
airly busy, but I propose to devote my declining years to the composition of a text-book which shall focus the wh
nds. Her. (reads) 'If any man of quality or degree within the lists of the army will maintain upon Edmund, supposed Earl of Gloucester, that he is a manifold traitor, let him appear by the th
5, my suspicion became a certainty. I then inquired as to the vessels which lay at present in the port of London." "Yes?" "The
s and Sir William Stanley, Leave off to wonder why I drew you hither Into this chiefest thicket of the park. Thus stands the case: you know our King, my brother, Is pri
e said so, I certainly cannot deny it." "Of what nature are they?" "Nay, madam, there again you ask me more than I can possibly answer." "Then I 
caster; For this advertisement is five days old. On Wednesday next, Harry, you shall set forward; On Thursday we ourselves will mar
od deal of justification. May I ask, Mr. White Mason, whether you examined the farther side of the moat at once to see if there were any signs of
MMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. Scene I. Elsinore. A room in the Castle. Enter King, Queen, Polonius, Ophelia, Rosencrantz, 
re to it--as, in fact, it has done. Beppo did not despair, and he conducted his search with considerable ingenuity and perseverance. Through a cousin who works
 things of such dignity As we greet modern friends withal; and say Some nobler token I have kept apart For Livia and Octavia, to induce 
ew minutes I had written my note, paid Whitney's bill, led him out to the cab, and seen him driven throug
s those- BASTARD. Some bastards too. KING PHILIP. Stand in his face to contradict his claim. CITIZEN. Til
dgment to set it right." "It's Lander and Egan," explained his neighbour as he took his seat. "They both claim the head money given by the lodge for the shooting of old man Crabbe over
nd his identity had been a frequent subject for comment in the European press. "Yes, sir, Don Murillo, the Tiger of San Pedro," said Baynes. "If you lo
d to your love of justice. Take it! You will deliver it at the Russian Embassy. Now I have done my duty, and--" "Stop her!" cried Holmes. He had bounded across the room and
dacity he set about this at once, and we cannot doubt that the boots or chamber-maid of the hotel was well bribed to help him in his design. By 
r in forms more horrid-yet my duty, As doth a rock against the chiding flood, Should the approach of this wild river break, And stand unshaken yours. KING.
part cheers each part; Being tasted, slays all senses with the heart. Two such opposed kings encamp them still In man as well as herbs- grace and rude will; And where the worser is pr
 a class with whom I have absolutely no sympathy, but none the less, having heard your name--" "Quite so. But, in the second place, why did you not come at once?" "What do you mean?" Holmes glance
 POMPEY. No, indeed, sir, not of a pin; you are therein in the right; but to the point. As I say, this Mistress Elbow, bei
BRAY. You wish me health in very happy season, For I am on the sudden something ill. ARCHBISHOP. Against ill chances men are ever merry; But heaviness foreruns the good 
word how tall she is.- Pity me, Charmian, But do not speak to me. Lead me to my chamber. Exeunt SCENE VI. Near Misenum Flourish. Enter POMPE
DITA. O Lady Fortune, Stand you auspicious! FLORIZEL. See, your guests approach. Address yourself to entertain them 
 him. "'Lately engaged at Coxon & Woodhouse's?' "'Yes, sir.' "'And now on the staff of Mawson's.' "'Quit
ght, Give it an understanding but no tongue. I will requite your loves. So, fare you well. Upon the platform, 'twixt eleven and twelve, I'll visit you.
evies, answering us With our own charge, making a treaty where There was a yielding- this admits no excuse. AUFIDIUS. He approaches; you s
ther Mycroft. I owe you many apologies, my dear Watson, but it was all-important that it should be thought I was 
cester's voice? Ay; I know thy errand, I will go with thee; The day, my friends, and all things, stay for me. Exeunt SCENE II. The French camp Enter the DAUPHIN, ORLEANS, RAMBUR
 I could earn a living here at home. He shan't know either; for he has got too much conscience for the likes of me.
 business he hath helmed, must, upon a warranted need, give him a better proclamation. Let him be but testimonied in his own bringings
d. I should e'en die with pity, To see another thus. I know not what to say. I will not swear these are my hands. Let's see.
s a narrow belt of sodden grass twenty paces across between the edge of the trees and the reeds which lined
at have endur'd shrewd days and nights with us, Shall share the good of our returned fortune, According to the measure of 
things- all but what she has with her. This being done, let the law go whistle; I warrant you. SHEPHERD. I will tell the King all, every word- yea, and his son's pranks too; 
 objects which were not to be lost sight of. But hardly had the woman rushed from the room when Holmes, with sw
R. All hail, my lords! Which of this princely train Call ye the warlike Talbot, for his acts So much applauded through the realm of France? 
guess you can fill in for yourselves what he did. He opened the window and made the mark on the sill to giv
Lord Mowbray, Of capital treason I attach you both. MOWBRAY. Is this proceeding just and honourable? WESTMORELAND. Is your assembly so? A
ac'd, kiss'd, protested, and, as it were, spoke the prologue of our comedy; and at his heels a rabble of his companions, thither provoked and
e. How, for example, could you describe with such confidence the wooden-legged man?" "Pshaw, my dear boy! it was simplicity itself. I don't wish to be theatrical. It is all patent and above-bo
-while; And if I did but stir out of my bed, Ready they were to shoot me to the heart. Enter the BOY with a linstock SALISBURY. I grieve to hear what torments you endur'd; But 
ith white stone facings. Third floor. Second window left. After dusk. G.' That is definite enough. I think after breakfast we must make a little reconnaissance of Mrs. Warren's neighbourhood. Ah, Mr
in offices That profit us. What ho! slave! Caliban! Thou earth, thou! Speak. CALIBAN. [ Within] There's wood enough within. PROSPERO. Come forth, I say
factory reason for this new development. "I suppose he wants to find out some clue as to the burglary
ded Queen That led calm Henry, though he were a king, As doth a sail, fill'd with a fretting gust, Command an argosy to stern the waves. B
sty Thisby, coming first by night, Did scare away, or rather did affright; And as she fled, her mantle she did fall; Which Lion vile with bloody mouth d
 "Come, Watson, come! Great heavens, if we are too late!" He had started running swiftly over the moor, and I had followed at his heels. But now from somewhere am
help you much. His only correspondent, so far as I know, was his own father." "Who wrote to him on the very day of his disappearance. Were the rel
Moorfields to muster in? Or have we some strange Indian with the great tool come to court, the women so besiege us? Bless me, what a fry of
ce of God himself, The very opener and intelligencer Between the grace, the sanctities of heaven, And our
 a few hours to something more cheerful." About nine o'clock the light among the trees was extinguished, and all was dark in the direction
m in astonishment. "Why, man, you're crazy," he said. "Isn't the place full of police and detectives and what harm did they ever do us?" "No, no, it's no man of the district. As you say, we know
 his hands." "I hardly consider that a conclusive proof. Was the remainder of the coronet at all injured?" "Yes, it was twisted." "Do you not think, then,
s too, With, hoo! such bugs and goblins in my life- That, on the supervise, no leisure bated, No, not to stay the finding o
 off, Write in the dust this sentence with thy blood: 'Wind-changing Warwick now can change no more.' Enter OX
l the Earls of Surrey and of Warwick; But, ere they come, bid them o'er-read these letters And well consider of them. Make good speed. Exit page How m
 I stood for a few minutes with my heart in my boots, wondering whether the whole thing was an elaborate hoax or not, when up came a man and addressed me. He was ve
to seventy, and, pouring war Into the bowels of ungrateful Rome, Like a bold flood o'erbeat. O, come, go in, And take our friendl
-opened drawer. In it lay some table linen and a large cork-screw. "Did Lady Brackenstall say that screw was used?" "No; you remember 
s, Enter, [with Servants,] Capulet, his Wife, Juliet, Tybalt, and all the Guests and Gentlewomen to the Maskers. Cap. Welco
 Use our commission in his utmost force. BASTARD. Bell, book, and candle, shall not drive me back, When gold and silver becks me t
we entered. His age may not have been more than three or four and thirty, but his haggard expression and unhealthy hue told of a life which h
is goodly company As if they saw some wondrous monument, Some comet or unusual prodigy? BAPTISTA. Why, sir, you know this is your wedding-day. First were we sad, fearing you would not come; Now sadde
to ourselves. Among other things, I learned to dispense drugs for the surgeon, and picked up a smattering of his knowledge. All the time I was on the lookout for a chance of esc
d, Pleas'd with this dainty bait, thus goes to bed. [Sheathes his sword] Come, tie his body to my horse's tail; Along the field I will the Troyan 
barges in tow blundered in between us. It was only by putting our helm hard down that we avoided a collision, and before we could round them and recover our way t
IXENES. That's likewise part of my intelligence; but, I fear, the angle that plucks our son thither. Thou shalt accompany us to the place; where we will, not ap
--it is buzzing like an overturned bee-hive. Have you read up the case?" "We have just done so. What were the t
, to find that he was my neighbor, and gladder still when, in the dead of the night, I heard a whisper c
That have endur'd shrewd days and nights with us, Shall share the good of our returned fortune, According to the measure of their states. Meantime, forget this new-fall'n dignity, And fall int
them- Cowardly fled, not having struck one stroke; Hence grew the general wreck and massacre. Enclosed were they with their enemies. A base Walloon, to win the Dauphin
thoughts as food to life, Or as sweet-seasoned showers are to the ground; And for the peace of you I hold such strife As 'twixt a miser and his wealth is found. Now proud as
d froth, as you'd thrust a cork into a hogshead. And then for the land service- to see how the bear tore out his shoulder-bone; how he cried to me
ce, which I then did feel full sick, and yet not well, By all the reverend fathers of the land And doctors learn'd. F
there is a Pinkerton detective, one Birdy Edwards, at work in the valley collecting the evidence which may put a 
said Holmes. "As to the letters," he continued, glancing over them, "they are very commonplace. Absolutely no clue in them to Mr. Ange
t pardon me, sweet aunt; And, madam, if my uncle Marcus go, I will most willingly attend your ladyship. MARCUS. Lucius, I 
; Yet here they shall not lie for catching cold. JULIA. I see you have a month's mind to them. LUCETTA. Ay, madam, you may say wha
loose behaviour I throw off And pay the debt I never promised, By how much better than my word I am, By so
 spoke. But if I tell how these two did coact, Shall I not lie in publishing a truth? Sith yet there is a credence in my heart, An esperance so ob
ave chemicals about, and occasionally do experiments. Would that annoy you?" "By no means." "Let me see--what are my other shortc
 realize, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," said he, "that if your government bears you out in this treatment it becomes an act of war." "
ou win. CLOTEN. Winning will put any man into courage. If I could get this foolish Imogen, I should have gold enough. It's al
D COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> Scene VI. Elsinore. An
we must be brief. MRS. FORD. Marry, as I told you before, John and Robert, be ready here hard by in the brew-house; and when I suddenly call you, come forth, and, without
aurels among which we lay were immediately opposite the window and not more than a hundred feet from it. Presently it was thrown open with a whining of hinges, and we could dimly see t
am arm'd To suffer with a quietness of spirit The very tyranny and rage of his. DUKE OF VENICE. Go one, and call the Jew into the court. SALERIO.
lay a miry path. Holmes gave a cry of delight as he approached it. An impression like a fine bundle of telegraph wires ran down the centre of it. It was the Palmer tyre. "Here is 
 no unheard-of thing, and if he had so little audacity that he not only dared not address her, but even fled from her appro
 been known as Mme. Henri Fournaye, occupying a small villa in the Rue Austerlitz, was reported to the authorities by her servants as being insane. An examination showed that she had indeed dev
n that I should come round to you, and of course I at once saw the propriety of it, for certainly the incident is a very singular o
 hours might have been an evil dream. "Half dazed, I went into the station and asked about the morning train. There would be o
rwards in his chair. I looked with interest upon this man, who was accused of being the perpetrator of a crime of violence. He was flaxen-haired and handsome in a 
meteors. Lift up thy brow, renowned Salisbury, And with a great heart heave away this storm; Commend these waters to those baby
to accuse him so, That is your part. Yet I am advis'd to do it; He says, to veil full purpose. MARIANA. Be rul'd by him. ISABELLA. Besides, he tells me that, if peradventure He speak a
ng-room. There is a comfortable sofa. This way, please!" Slowly and solemnly he was borne into Briony Lodge and laid out in the principal room, whi
know of it. Urs. Why did you so? Doth not the gentleman Deserve as full, as fortunate a bed As ever Beatrice shall couch upo
nation when a plainer and more commonplace one lay ready to his hand. Yet, on the other hand, I had myself seen
e sun with as firm eyes as he. IACHIMO. This matter of marrying his king's daughter, wherein he must be weighed rather by her value than his own, words him
logy for that purpose. MOTH. An excellent device! So, if any of the audience hiss, you may cry 'Well done, Hercules; now thou crushest the snake!' That is the way
r Excellence, To marry Princess Margaret for your Grace; So, in the famous ancient city Tours, In presence of the Kings of France and Sicil, The Dukes of Orleans, Calaber, Bretagne, and Alenc
 was led now into an outer room by two solemn brothers. Through the plank partition he could hear the mur
rtensio, till I see her; And therefore let me be thus bold with you To give you over at this first encounter, Unless you will accomp
ng--it's just wonderful. But let us have it a little clearer if you can. Is it forgery, coining, burglary--where does the money come from?" "Have you e
resist, Subdue him at his peril. OTHELLO. Hold your hands, Both you of my inclining and the rest. Were it my cue to fight, I should have known it Without a prompter. Where will you that I go T
 should bear his comment. BRUTUS. Let me tell you, Cassius, you yourself Are much condemn'd to have an itching palm, To sell and mart your offices for 
ons. ALONSO. Lead off this ground; and let's make further search For my poor son. GONZALO. Heavens keep him from these beasts! For he is, sure
f his alter'd countenance? With what a majesty he bears himself; How insolent of late he is become, How proud, how peremptory, a
 himself in Westminster. His army is a ragged multitude Of hinds and peasants, rude and merciless; Sir Humphrey Staffo
, man; you know he brought me out o' favour with my lady about a bear-baiting here. SIR TOBY. To anger him we'll have the bear again; and we will fool h
o what we wildly do, so we profess Ourselves to be the slaves of chance and flies Of every wind that blows. CAMILLO. Then list to me. This follows, if you will not change your p
sty; Save that there was not time enough to hear, As I perceiv'd his Grace would fain have done, The severals and unhidden passages Of his true tides t
hing in't More than my father's skill, which was the great'st Of his profession, that his good receipt Shall for my legacy be sanctified By th' luckiest stars in heaven; and, would your
y being and my father first, A merchant of great traffic through the world, Vincentio, come of the Benti
 That these hot tears, which break from me perforce, Should make thee worth them. Blasts and fogs upon thee! Th' untented woundings of a
APTER XII The Strange Story of Jonathan Small A very patient man was that inspector in the cab, for it was a weary time before I rejoined him. His face clouded over when I showed hi
nforce it from thee By a sharp torture. PISANIO. Sir, my life is yours; I humbly set it at your will; but for my m
EMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE I. The park Enter the PRINCESS, ROSALINE, MARIA, KATHARINE, BOYET, LORDS, ATTENDANTS
ITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE 3. FORD'S ho
ons for vengeance, but in any case we knew how ruthless, cunning, and untiring he could be. Both Italy and America are full of stories 
more Than I dare blame my weakness. Will you see her, For that is her demand, and know her business? That done, laugh well at me. KING. Now, good Lafeu, Bring in t
take no more; I am not Licio. Nor a musician as I seem to be; But one that scorn to live in this disguise For such a one as lea
 wisdoms, which have freely gone With this affair along. For all, our thanks. Now follows, that you know, young Fortinbras, Holding a weak supposal of our worth, Or thinking by o
 face, But chiefly to take thence from her dead finger A precious ring- a ring that I must use In dear employment. Therefore 
g else." "The associate?" "Ah, well, there is no great mystery in that. But you will know all about it soon enough. How sweet the morning air is! See how that one li
y, That wisdom, loyalty, and mere dislike Of our proceedings kept the Earl from hence. And think how such an apprehension May turn the tide of fearful faction And bre
h an explanation as that would be quite inadequate to account for the deep and subtle scheming which seemed to be weaving an invisible net round the young baronet. Holmes himself
a lover or was a previous husband--the chances being in favour of the latter." "And how in the world did you find them?" "It migh
s for a few hours to something more cheerful." About nine o'clock the light among the trees was extinguished, and all was dark in the directio
nd such a twain can do't, in which I bind, On pain of punishment, the world to weet We stand up peerless. CLEOPATRA. Excellent falsehood! Why did he marry Fulvia, and not love her? I'll seem the 
raser. "Well, I never thought to see her again; but last voyage I was promoted, and the new boat was no
ter OLIVIA. With VIOLA FABIAN. Here he comes with your niece; give them way till he take leave, and presently after him. SIR TOBY. I will meditate the while upon some horrid message for a 
r; my other elements I give to baser life. So, have you done? Come then, and take the last warmth of my lips. Farewell, kind Ch
hrilling region of thick-ribbed ice; To be imprison'd in the viewless winds, And blown with restless violence
ittle cry of satisfaction. For a long time he remained there, turning over the leaves and dried sticks, gathering up what seemed to me to be dust into an envelope and examining with his lens not only
h hath the King Five times redeem'd from death. I do not know What is more cordial. Nay, I prithee take it; It is an earnest of a further good That I mean to thee. Tell t
n our brother's welcome; Let what is dear in Sicily be cheap; Next to thyself and my young rover, he's Apparent to my heart. HERMIONE. If you would seek us, We are yours i'
ch may her suffering ecstasy assuage, 'Tis promised in the charity of age. 'Father,' she says, 'though in me you behold The injury of many a blasting
BITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1594 THE TR
er! Thou, King, send out For torturers ingenious. It is I That all th' abhorred things o' th' earth amend By be
oclamation. [Gives him a paper. Flourish] SOLDIER. [Reads] 'Edward the Fourth, by the grace of God, King 
ink I have said, ostentatiously affectionate, but she was heard by the coachman chatting with the Colonel in a friendly fashion. Now,
stion that I should come round to you, and of course I at once saw the propriety of it, for certainly the incident is a very singular one, though he ap
 thou dost not keep a dog, Whom I would imitate. Consumption catch thee! APEMANTUS. This is in thee a nature but infected, A 
hee from durance; and, in lieu thereof, impose on thee nothing but this: bear this significant [giving a letter] to the country maid Jaqu
aro saw our enemy's cruel face smiling at him as he dipped his hand in the bag. No doubt it had been prearranged in som
e doth well. If she should make tender of her love, 'tis very possible he'll scorn it; for the man (as you know all) hath a contemptible spirit. 
 and woe? O God! methinks it were a happy life To be no better than a homely swain; To sit upon a hill, as I do now, To carve out dials q
the other with surprising dexterity. He had long, quivering fingers as agile and restless as the antennae of an insect. Holmes was silent, but h
 with an extra hundred dollars or it would have been nitsky for you and me. 'Nothin' doin'!' says he, and he meant 
 newcomers were Colonel Lysander Stark and a short thick man with a chinchilla beard growing out of the creases of his double chin, who was introduce
o comes here? Enter PAROLLES [Aside] One that goes with him. I love him for his sake; And yet I know him a notorious liar, Th
anger of his lip! A murd'rous guilt shows not itself more soon Than love that would seem hid: love's night is noon. 
other scribbled a note upon a leaf of his pocket-book, and, ringing the bell, he handed it to the waiter. "I have asked Mr. Melas to step across," sa
it appear to be entirely separate?" "It was on a different panel of the door." "Excellent! This is far the most important of all for our purpose. It fills me with hopes. Now, Mr. Hilto
I do well believe you. FIRST GENTLEMAN. We must forbear; here comes the gentleman, The Queen, and Princess. Exeunt Enter the QUEEN, POSTHUM
knavish sprite Call'd Robin Goodfellow. Are not you he That frights the maidens of the villagery, Skim milk, and sometimes labour in the quern, And bootless make the breathless housewif
s words had moved McMurdo deeply. It was easy to see that he shared the other's opinion as to the dan
especially one gentleman with a red moustache, Mr. Woodley by name, who was always there. We had got as far as this when who sho
ibes To tender objects, but he in heat of action Is more vindicative than jealous love. They call him Troilus, and on him erect A second hope as fairly built as Hector. Thus says Aeneas, one that k
 be wife to Sparta's king- As it is known she is-these moral laws Of nature and of nations speak aloud To have her back return'd. Thus to
after, we'll a-birding together; I have a fine hawk for the bush. Shall it be so? FORD. Any thing. EVANS. If there is one, I shall mak
ad made provision for her following me, And soon and safe arrived where I was. There had she not been long 
kes antiquity for aye his page, Finding the first conceit of love there bred, Where time and outward form w
t waking no such matter. 88 When thou shalt be disposed to set me light, And place my merit in the eye of scorn, Upon thy side, against my self I'll fight,
ot so; they are in a most warlike preparation, and hope to come upon them in the heat of their division. ROMAN. Th
Attendants; Spirits SCENE: London; Westminster; Kimbolton KING HENRY THE EIGHTH THE PROLOGUE. I come no more to make you laugh; things now That bear a weighty and 
if you had not something to conceal." Barker stood for a moment with his face set grimly and his strong black eyebrows drawn low in inten
burst of anger from the salesman. "Now, then, mister," said he, with his head cocked and his arms akimbo, "what are you driving at? Let's have it straight, now." "It is str
LENTINE. Nothing but my fortune. THIRD OUTLAW. Know, then, that some of us are gentlemen, Such as the fury of ungovern'd youth Thrust from the company of awful men; Myself was f
 whom I leave my curse: May never glorious sun reflex his beams Upon the country where you make abode; But darkness and the gloomy shade of death Environ you, till misch
ace. King. How fares our cousin Hamlet? Ham. Excellent, i' faith; of the chameleon's dish. I eat the air, pr
ty entirely. Inquiries have shown that his Ministers know nothing of the matter. At the same time it is couched in so unfortunate a manner, and certain 
have nothing further to learn from Miss Cushing. You will find me at the police-station." "We shall look in on our way to the train," answered Holmes
est dower Shall have my Bianca's love. Say, Signior Gremio, what can you assure her? GREMIO. First, as you know, my house within the city Is richly furnished with plate and gold, Basins and e
thers, When we were so indeed. CYMBELINE. Did you e'er meet? ARVIRAGUS. Ay, my good lord. GUIDERIUS. And at first me
reets To tread them with her tender-feeling feet. Sweet Nell, ill can thy noble mind abrook The abject people gazing on thy
 no more i' th' basket. May I not go out ere he come? MRS. PAGE. Alas, three of Master Ford's brothers watch the door with pistols, that no
company, My trusty servant well approv'd in all, Here let us breathe, and haply institute A course of learning and inge
art to see thine eyes so red. Thou must be patient. I am fain to dine and sup with water and bran; I dare not for my head fill my belly; one fruitful meal would set me to't. But th
ool. That lord that counsell'd thee To give away thy land, Come place him here by me- Do thou for him stand. The sweet and b
 ear. Menas, I did not think This amorous surfeiter would have donn'd his helm For such a petty war; his soldiership Is twice the other twain. But
 them to their beds. What, girl! though grey Do something mingle with our younger brown, yet ha' we A brain that nourishes our nerves, and can Get goal f
 with a curious lisping accent. I have myself seen this old man cross the Grimpen Mire by the path whic
resting than its public chronicles--that Oberstein, eager to complete the coup of his lifetime, came to the lure and was
 there was never man thus abus'd. I am no more mad than you are; make the trial of it in any constant question. CLOWN. What is the opinion of Pythagoras concerning wild fowl? MALVOLIO. That the soul
of a young gentleman whose name, as it appears from an envelope which was found in his pocket, was John Open
OLLES, and ARMY WIDOW. The troop is past. Come, pilgrim, I will bring you Where you shall host. Of enjoin'd penitents There's four or five, to great Saint Jaq
n; methinks strangely, for he hath not us'd it before. DUKE. Pray you, let's hear. PROVOST. [Reads] 'Whatsoever you may hear to the contrary, let Claudio b
 am near out of my wits over it!" McMurdo looked at the man earnestly. He was trembling in every limb. He poured some wh
irtue specially to be achiev'd. Tell me thy mind; for I have Pisa left And am to Padua come as he that leaves A shallow plash to plunge him in the deep, And with satiety se
the mystery of Woodman's Lee. Ah, Hopkins, I got your wire last night, and I have been expecting you. Come and join us." Ou
 Determin'd of- how I must climb her window, The ladder made of cords, and all the means Plotted and 'greed on for my happiness. Good Proteus, go with me to my chamber, In these
, The which he hath detain'd for lewd employments Like a false traitor and injurious villain. Besides, I say and will in battle prove- Or here, or elsewhere to the furthest verge That ever was surve
out here. Mrs. St. Clair has most kindly put two rooms at my disposal, and you may rest assured that she will have nothing but a welcome for my friend and colleague. I hate to mee
desires had instance and argument to commend themselves; I could drive her then from the ward of her purity, her reputation, h
by? DERBY. But now the Duke of Buckingham and I Are come from visiting his Majesty. QUEEN ELIZABETH. What likelihood of his amendment, Lords? BUCKINGHAM. Madam, good hope; his Grace speaks cheerfully
d By debitor and creditor. This counter-caster, He, in good time, must his lieutenant be, And I- God bless the mark!- his Moorship's ancient. RODERIGO. By heaven, I rather would have been his h
 like a prophet, Looks in a glass that shows what future evils- Either now or by remissness new conceiv'd, And so in progress to be hatch'd and born- Are now to have
t presiding over some diabolical ritual. To right and left of him were the higher lodge officials, the cruel, hand
 deliberately placed there by Barker, in order to give a false clue to the police, you will admit that the case grows dark against him. "
a man might play; But I have that within which passeth show- These but the trappings and the suits of woe. King. 'Tis sweet and commendable in your natu
on impresses me. I've had to do with fifty murderers in my career, but the worst of them never gave me the repulsion which I have for this fellow. And yet
n my Jewish gaberdine, And all for use of that which is mine own. Well then, it now appears you need my help; Go to, then; you come to me, 
iet and systematic method of work, glanced at his watch. "I wish you would come back with me, Inspector," said he. "There are several points on which I should like your adv
r] BASSANIO. Why dost thou whet thy knife so earnestly? SHYLOCK. To cut the forfeiture from that bankrupt there. GRATIANO. Not on t
PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE I. Without the walls o
r nobody; he professes not answering. Speaking is for beggars: he wears his tongue in's arms. I will put on his presence. Let Patroclus make his
old him in thy hate. IAGO. Despise me, if I do not. Three great ones of the city, In personal suit to make me his lieutenant, Off-capp'd to him; and, by the faith of man, I k
ons were unable to shake it. I could only check it by finding if she had, indeed, instituted divorce proceedings against her husband at or about
cope of choice Lies my consent and fair according voice. This night I hold an old accustom'd feast, Whereto I have invited many
a lead-colored sea." "The board-schools." "Light-houses, my boy! Beacons of the future! Capsules with hundreds of bright little seeds in each, out of which will spring the wise, better En
hey are scattered over five miles or so, it may be a harder job. It went to my heart to do it, though. I was half mad when you came up with us. However, the
ard!' And thus I took the vantage of those few- 'Thanks, gentle citizens and friends,' quoth I 'This general applause and cheerful 
s from each The sixth part of his substance, to be levied Without delay; and the pretence for this Is nam'd your wars in France. This makes bold mouths; Tongues spit their duties out, and cold 
- TIMON. Ah, my good friend, what cheer? SECOND LORD. My most honourable lord, I am e'en sick of shame that, when your lordship this other day sent to 
 prettiest Perdita! But, O, the thorns we stand upon! Camillo- Preserver of my father, now of me; The medicine of our house- how shall we do? We are not furnish'd like B
ash of my former life in me, would preferment drop on my head. I brought the old man and his son aboard the Prince; told him I h
 heavy eyes awhile, And touch thy instrument a strain or two? LUCIUS. Ay, my lord, an't please you. BRUTUS. It does, my boy. I trouble thee too much
'a pops me out At least from fair five hundred pound a year. Heaven guard my mother's honour and my land! KING JOHN. A good blunt 
r discover his government. DUKE. That shall not be much amiss; yet, as the matter now stands, he will avoid your accusation: he made trial of you 
hen does he lunch?" "About one, sir." "Then Dr. Watson and I will come round in time. For the present, Mrs. Warren, good-bye." At half-past twelve we found ourselves upon the steps of 
piece-work man, who made himself useful in the shop. He could carve a bit and gild and frame, and do odd jobs. The fell
and to flatterer stopped are: Mark how with my neglect I do dispense. You are so strongly in my purpose bred, That all the world besides methinks are dead. 113 Since I left you, min
ee you guard him sure. Exeunt BLUNT and others And now dispatch we toward the court, my lords. I hear the King my father is sore sick. Our news 
e be short, else shame will be too long. Exeunt SCENE VI. Another part of the field Alarum. Enter the KING and his train, with prisoners; EXETER, and ot
which produced an atmosphere causing strange toxic effects. Very good. In the first instance--that of the Tregennis fa
nows me, How pitiful I deserve-- I mean in singing; but in loving Leander the good swimmer, Troilus the first employer of pand
said Dr. Trevelyan, "that really I am almost ashamed to mention them. But the matter is so inexplicable, and the recen
ile uphold The unyok'd humour of your idleness. Yet herein will I imitate the sun, Who doth permit the base contagious clouds To smother up his b
ure." That same afternoon, as McMurdo sat smoking, lost in thought beside the stove of his sitting-room, the do
ll this tale of mine. CYMBELINE. I am sorry for thee. By thine own tongue thou art condemn'd, and must Endure our law. Thou'rt dead. IMOGEN. That headless man I thoug
 is one point which I should wish to determine." He squatted down in front of the wooden chair and examined the seat of it with the greatest attention. "Thank 
 render'd, for someone to say "Break up the Senate till another time, When Caesar's wife shall meet with better dreams." If Caes
s? PETO. The King your father is at Westminster; And there are twenty weak and wearied posts Come from the north; and as I came along I met and overtook a dozen captains, Bare-hea
of all, A whitely wanton with a velvet brow, With two pitch balls stuck in her face for eyes; Ay, and, by heaven, one that will do the deed, Though Argus were her eunuch and her g
 language. Serv. Ye say honestly. Rest you merry! Rom. Stay, fellow; I can read. He reads. 'Signior Martino and his wife and daughters; County 
me, our stomachs Will make what's homely savoury; weariness Can snore upon the flint, when resty sloth Finds the down pil
. This is a happier and more comely time Than when these fellows ran about the streets Crying confusion. BRUTUS. Caius Marcius was A worthy officer i' the war, but insol
, for he is of a low nature and hoards his gold rather than spend it. When the troubles broke out he would be friends both with the 
n, and as he stood poising himself with legs astride I could see that from the thigh downwards there was but a wooden stump upon the right side. At the sound o
. Shall I open a flask? No? Well, then, I trust that you have no objection to tobacco-smoke, to the mild balsamic odor of the Eastern
pon the beat and flame of thy distemper Sprinkle cool patience! Whereon do you look? Ham. On him, on him! Look you 
h not a glimpse of, nor any man an attaint but he carries some stain of it; he is melancholy without cause and merry against the hair; he hath the joints of every t
 council? CROMWELL. Please your honours, The chief cause concerns his Grace of Canterbury. GARDINER. Has he had knowledge of 
se towards the rustic arbour in which we sat. "You sent for me, Mr. Holmes. I had your note about an hour ago, and I have come, though I really d
he body. I'll forbear; And am fallen out with my more headier will, To take the indispos'd and sickly fit For the sound man.- Death on my state! Whe
e with news from the court, I take it there's but two ways- either to utter them or conceal them. I am, si
erer's would not, though they do appear As huge as high Olympus. CASSIUS. Come, Antony, and young Octavius, come, Revenge you
 Who seeks, and will not take when once 'tis offer'd, Shall never find it more. POMPEY. This health to Lepidus! ANTONY. Bear him ashore. I'll pledge it for him, Pompey. ENOBARBUS. Here's to
nded by the author, and additional characters may be used to indicate hypertext links; OR (2) The etext is readily convertible b
n shall you go no further. It is the cowish terror of his spirit, That dares not undertake. He'll not feel wrongs Which tie him to an answer. Our w
ng That we should dress us fairly for our end. Thus may we gather honey from the weed, And make a moral of the dev
onicles: we came in with Richard Conqueror. Therefore, paucas pallabris; let the world slide. Sessa! HOSTESS. You will not pay for the glasses you have burst? SLY. No, not a denier. Go by, Saint Je
O mischief strangely thwarting! John. O plague right well prevented! So will you say when you have seen the Sequel. Exeunt. Scene III. A street. Enter Dogb
ady hath borne greater, She is, something before her time, deliver'd. PAULINA. A boy? EMILIA. A daugh
 who had done it and was screening him or her, but I am convinced now that he is as puzzled as everyone else. He is not a very quick-witted youth, though comely to loo
 to tell: O, keep me from their worse than killing lust, And tumble me into some loathsome pit, Where never man's eye
rchdeacon hath divided it Into three limits very equally. England, from Trent and Severn hitherto, By south and east is to my part assign'd; A
r'd With such an agony he sweat extremely, And something spoke in choler, ill and hasty; But he fell to himself again, and sweetly In all the rest show'd a most noble patience. SECOND GENTLEMAN. I 
llings have not been so plentiful with me as they once were," he remarked. "I had no doubt that the gang of roughs who assaulted me had carried off both my
chair, Watson," said Sherlock Holmes when we had returned to our apartment at the Bull. "I want to put you in touch with the situation, as I may need your help to-night. Let me 
all be dragged at my horse heels till I do come to London, where we will have the mayor's sword borne before us. DICK. If we mean to thrive and do good, break open the gaols and let out the prison
ed, with Theseus, an in jollity. PUCK. Fairy King, attend and mark; I do hear the morning lark. OBERON. Then, my Queen, in silence sad, Trip we after night's shade. We the globe can
 a civilised land here, and we can't have tomfoolery of this kind. Where does the thing come from?' "'From Dundee,' I answered, glancing at the postmark. "'Some preposterous p
e, enschedul'd briefly, in your hands. BURGUNDY. The King hath heard them; to the which as yet There is no answer made. KING HENRY. Well then, the peace, Which you before so urg'd, lies in his answ
ot, coward, live to see that day. FITZWATER. Now, by my soul, I would it were this hour. AUMERLE. Fitzwater, thou art damn'd to hell for this. PERCY
 off, Conceiving you. Were I but twenty-one, Your father's image is so hit in you His very air, that I should call you brother, As I did him, and speak of something wildly By us perform'd before. Mos
 gave good words the other day of a bay courser I rode on. 'Tis yours because you lik'd it. THIRD LORD. O, I beseech you pardon me, my lord, in that. TIMON. You may ta
ll the heavens let fall To make this contract grow; but barren hate, Sour-ey'd disdain, and discord, shall bestrew The union of your bed with weeds so loathly
; Thrust but these men away, and I'll forgive you, Whatever torment you do put me to. HUBERT. Go, stand within; let me alone with him. EXECUTIONER. I am 
; For none offend where all alike do dote. LONGAVILLE. [Advancing] Dumain, thy love is far from charity, That in love's grief desir'st society; You may look pale, but I should blush, I 
in the field? PUCELLE. Belike your lordship takes us then for fools, To try if that our own be ours or no. TALBOT. I speak not to that
say nothing; I'll speak all. They say best men moulded out of faults; And, for the most, become much more the better For being a little bad; so may my 
ion in what he had said. Without going into details, I may say that it defined the position of Great Britain towards the Triple Alliance, and fore-sh
I know what she shall be. OTHELLO. O, thou art wise; 'tis certain. IAGO. Stand you awhile apart, Confine yourself but in a patient list. Whilst you 
nce bow'd would hire me, Old as I am, to queen it. But, I pray you, What think you of a duchess? Have you limbs To bear that load of title? ANNE. No, in truth. OLD LADY. 
y lord; and that it was which caus'd Our swifter composition. CORIOLANUS. So then the Volsces stand but as at first, Ready, when time shall prompt them, to make 
enter CLEOMENES, with FLORIZEL, PERDITA, and ATTENDANTS They are come. Your mother was most true to wedlock, Prince; For she did print your royal father off, Conceiving you. Were I but twenty-
F ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPI
lord. CHARLES. And, for myself, most part of all this night, Within her quarter and mine own precinct I was employ'd in passing to and fro About relieving of th
 never meant for a bell-pull." "Holmes," I cried, "I seem to see dimly what you are hinting at. We are only just in tim
hances here. Give me thy hand. 'Tis late. Farewell; good night. Rom. But that a joy past joy calls out on 
e than interesting--it's just wonderful. But let us have it a little clearer if you can. Is it forgery, coining, burglary--where does the money come from?" "Have you 
 becomes you, for out o' question you were born in a merry hour. Beat. No, sure, my lord, my mother cried; but the
well repaid; He is frank'd up to fatting for his pains; God pardon them that are the cause thereof! RIVERS. 
lock, and yet it leaves so much unexplained. In the first place, why did he take them?" "I presume they were of value?" "He could have got several thousands for them very easily." 
them. MACDUFF. Wherefore did you so? MACBETH. Who can be wise, amazed, temperate and furious, Loyal and neutral, in a moment? No man. The expedition of my violent lo
u get anything else?" "He was dressed in a heavy gray suit with a reefer jacket, and he wore a short yellow overcoat and a soft cap." "What about the shotgun?" "It is less than two 
now to be no petter than a fellow, look you now, of no merits- he is come to me, and prings me pread and s
and my joy To him forthwith in holy wedlock bands. QUEEN MARGARET. Yes, I agree, and thank you for your motion. Son Edward, she is fair and virtuous, Therefor
breathing slowly and heavily. He was a middle-sized man, coarsely clad as became his calling, with a coloured shirt protruding through the rent in his tattered coat. H
 art king, as, God save thy Grace-Majesty I should say, for grace thou wilt have none- Prince. What, none
LEMAN. As well as I am able. The rich stream Of lords and ladies, having brought the Queen To a prepar'd place in the choir, fell of A distance from
hted." The brother scribbled a note upon a leaf of his pocket-book, and, ringing the bell, he handed it to the waiter. "I have asked Mr. Melas to step across," said he. "H
pound a year, Yet sell your face for fivepence and 'tis dear. Madam, I'll follow you unto the death. ELINOR. Nay, I would have you go before me thither. BASTARD. Our country manners give
es, Star'd each on other, and look'd deadly pale. Which when I saw, I reprehended them, And ask'd the Mayor what meant this wilfu
, man! I know them, yea, And what they weigh, even to the utmost scruple, Scambling, outfacing, fash
 body's hostage For his return. [Solemn music] BELARIUS. My ingenious instrument! Hark, Polydore, it sounds. But what occasion Hath Cadwal now to give it motion? Hark
ise up him. Ben. Come, he hath hid himself among these trees To be consorted with the humorous night. Blind is his love and best befits the dark.
isdom yet, From one that so imperfectly conceits, Would take no notice, nor build yourself a trouble Out of his scattering and unsure observance. It were not for your quiet nor
ose few I have Almost no better than so many French; Who when they were in health, I tell thee, herald, I thought upon one pair of English legs Did march t
the tragedy? Think carefully, Mr. Tregennis, for any clue which can help me." "There is nothing at all, sir." "Your people were in their usual spirit
 sender blush at it. Therefore, my lords, omit no happy hour That may give furth'rance to our expedition; For we have now no thought in us but France, Save th
d the previous morning. As to my friend, all his usual energy seemed to have deserted him. I had never known him handle a case in such a half-hearted fashion. Even 
he vices of thy mistress As badness would desire. Glou. What, is he dead? Edg. Sit you down, father; rest you. Le
like a Roman conqueror; and it would do well to set the deer's horns upon his head for a branch of victory. Have you no song, forester, for this purpose? LORD. Yes, sir. JAQUES. Sing it; 'tis no mat
ad offered me marriage on condition that I could get a divorce from my husband. He has lied to me, the villain, in every conceivable way. Not one word of truth has he ever told me. And why--w
'Tis, my good lord. SUFFOLK. Away! be gone. Exeunt MURDERERS Sound trumpets. Enter the KING, the QUEEN, CARDINAL, SOMERSET, with attendants KING HENRY. Go call our uncle to our 
f all, shall pay for all. Therefore, good cousin, let not Harry know, In any case, the offer of the King. Enter Hotspur [a
t friend at such a feast. APEMANTUS. Would all those flatterers were thine enemies then, that then thou mightst kill 'em, and bid me to 'em. FIRST LO
 SALISBURY. My lord, I long to hear it at full. WARWICK. Sweet York, begin; and if thy claim be good, The Nevils are thy subjects to command. YORK. The
snow Upon the valleys, whose low vassal seat The Alps doth spit and void his rheum upon; Go down upon him, you have power enough, And in
an and a British ensign wave Friendly together. So through Lud's Town march; And in the temple of great Jupiter Our peace we'll ratify; seal it with feasts. Set on there! Never was a war did cease, 
ted. "Wait till Jefferson comes, and we'll soon manage that. In the meantime, don't you fret yourself, my dearie
tter love. Come. Exeunt. Scene II. Elsinore. A room in the Castle. Flourish. [Enter King and Queen, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, cum aliis. King. Welcome, dear 
f death, Reliev'd him with such sanctity of love, And to his image, which methought did promise Most venerable worth, did I devotion. FIRST OFFICER. What's that to us? The t
ne oath, Places remote enough are in Bohemia, There weep, and leave it crying; and, for the babe Is counted lost for ever, Perdita I prithee call't. For this ungentle
rever a mystery were it not for the soft mould, which told us a very plain tale. He had evidently been carried down by two persons, one of whom had remarkably small feet an
 Beat mine, inhoop'd, at odds. I will to Egypt; And though I make this marriage for my peace, I' th' East my pleasure lies. Enter VENTIDIUS O, come, Ventidius, You must
we shall find him most conveniently. Exeunt. Scene II. Elsinore. A room of state in the Castle. Flourish. [Enter Claudius, King of Denmark, Gertrude the 
ad body, and when my lust hath dined- which, as I say, to vex her I will execute in the clothes that she so prais'd- to the 
 in pencil:-- Dr. Watson has gone to Coombe Tracey. For a minute I stood there with the paper in my hands thinking out the meaning of this curt message. It was I,
ay our French lack language to deny, If they demand; beware of being captives Before you serve. BOTH. Our hearts receive your warnings. KING. Farewell. [To ATTENDANTS] Come hither to 
an, More sharp to me than spurring to his side, For that same groan doth put this in my mind, My grief lies onward and my joy behind. 51 Thus can my love excuse the slow offence,
all our sport, to make us thus untrue? Do not you know my lady's foot by th' squier, And laugh upon the apple of her eye? And stand between her back, sir, and the fire, Holding a trenc
nnot fence! CAIUS. Villainy, take your rapier. RUGBY. Forbear; here's company. Enter HOST, SHALLOW, SLENDER, and PAGE HOST. Bless thee, bully doc
topp'd, And left me to a bootless inquisition, Concluding 'Stay; not yet.' PROSPERO. The hour's now come; The very minute bids thee ope thine ear. Obey, and be attentive. Can
 I been patron to Antipholus, During which time he ne'er saw Syracuse. I see thy age and dangers make thee dote. Re-enter the ABBESS, with ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE and DROMI
ts a knave That mightily deceives you. BOTH. Do we, my lord? TIMON. Ay, and you hear him cog, see him d
se grief has got beyond words. Sherlock Holmes sat silent for some few minutes, with his brows knitted and his eyes fixed upon the fire. "Do you receive much company?" he asked. "None save my partner
 answer has crossed yours,' I replied. "'You stand fast?' "'Absolutely.' "He clapped his hand into his pocket, and I raised the pistol from the table
hought a little and then burst out laughing. "No, don't," said he; "I shall write to you about it. No tricks, now, or--" "Oh, you can trust me,
s Highness' name, to repair to your several dwelling-places; and not to wear, handle, or use, any sword, weapon, or dagger, henceforward
wet clayey soil, but since the police had been coming and going over it, I was unable to see how my companion could hope to learn anythi
ly. "Hum! There was no use your giving this unnecessary trouble. We have had work enough already through you. However, doctor, I need not warn you t
e child. [Pointing to the CHILD in an attendant's arms] Of this was Tamora delivered, The issue of an irreligious Moor, Chief architect and plotter of these woes. The villai
y, Add to my clamours. Let us pay betimes A moiety of that mass of moan to come. Cry, Troyans, cry. Practise your eyes with tears. Troy must not be, nor goodly Ilion
outh'd bottle- either too much at once or none at all. I prithee take the cork out of thy mouth that I may drink thy tidings. CELIA. So you may put a man in your belly. ROSALIND
n California?" "He liked best to stay and to work at our claim in the mountains. He would never go where other men were if he could help 
e the thronging troops that followed thee? Decline an this, and see what now thou art: For happy wife, a most distressed widow; For joyful mother, o
iling had ceased to enter into my head. It was close upon four before the door opened, and a drunken-looking groom, ill-kempt and side-whiskered, with an inflame
my wife by encouraging her to misbehave. Anyway, she took a house just two streets off and let lodgings to sailors. Fairbairn used to stay there, and Mary would go round to ha
es solemnly as he laid down the paper. "What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and 
a princess." Poor Alice was so frightened that she shrunk away from him, but he caught her by the wrist and endeavoured to draw her towards the door. I screamed, and 
ose; More are men's ends mark'd than their lives before. The setting sun, and music at the close, As the l
minals. But I weary you with my hobby." "Not at all," I answered, earnestly. "It is of the greatest interest to me, especially since I have had the op
an old-fashioned garden of cut yews on each side of it. As we approached it, there was the wooden drawbridge and the beautiful broad moat as still and luminous as quicksilver in 
quet hold him sure, I'll find some cunning practice out of hand To scatter and disperse the giddy Goths, Or, at the least, make them his enemies.
ht, When churchyards yawn, and hell itself breathes out Contagion to this world. Now could I drink hot blood And do such bitter business as the day Would quake to look on. S
w then I will expect your coming; To-night I take my leave. This naughty man Shall fact to face be brought to Margaret, Who I believe was pack'd in all this wrong, Hi
er laid low in her kindred's vault And presently took post to tell it you. O, pardon me for bringing these ill news, Since you did leave it for my office, sir. Rom. Is it e'en so? Then I defy you,
n very nobly held, can serve the world for no honest use; therefore you must die. Come, headsman, of with his head. PAROLLES. O Lord, sir
ride Of sky-aspiring and ambitious thoughts, With rival-hating envy, set on you To wake our peace, which in our country's cradle Draws the sweet infant breath of gentle sleep; Which so rous'd 
 smiling to my heart; in grace whereof, No jocund health that Denmark drinks to-day But the great cannon to the clouds shall tell,
is alluding to it had a most suspicious aspect." "Very," said Holmes. "He still carried the heavy stick which the mother described him as having with him when he followed
g. What I think I utter, and spend my malice in my breath. Meeting two such wealsmen as you are- I cannot call you Lycurguses- if the drink you give me touch my palate adversely, I make a crooked fac
 drawing up. But, say, there's one bit of advice I'll give you before we part: If you're in trouble in Vermissa, go straight to the Union House and see Boss McGinty. He is the
out as an act of self-defence. There may be a hundred crimes in the background, but it is only on this one that they can be tried." "Come, come," said Baynes 
A. From all dishonesty he can: in this, Unless he take the course that you have done- Commit me for committing honour- trust it
 anger greeted the suggestion. "I have but to raise my finger," cried McGinty, "and I could put two hundred men into this town that would clear it out fro
hment. IACHIMO. Ay, and the approbation of those that weep this lamentable divorce under her colours are wonderfully to extend him, be it but to fortify her judgment, which else a
 I think that I'll take it." "Very good. Come this way, if you please." He led us down a passage, opened a barred door, passed dow
rsation of my thoughts Haply been absent then. COUNTESS. But think you, Helen, If you should tender your supposed aid, He would receive it? He and his physicians Are of a mind: he, that
their own presage, Incertainties now crown themselves assured, And peace proclaims olives of endless age. Now with the drops of this most balmy time, My love looks fre
irect bearing upon the mystery of Woodman's Lee. Ah, Hopkins, I got your wire last night, and I have been expecting you. Come and join us." Our visitor was an exceedingly alert
t's withdraw, And meet the time as it seeks us. We fear not What can from Italy annoy us; but We grieve at chances here. Away! Exeunt all but 
of a man strikingly handsome and intelligent-looking, but bearing unmistakable signs upon his features of his 
nd did, and as we ourselves might have done, when he saw such a creature bounding through the darkness of the moor u
en in his possession. But this we have utterly failed to do. This track, as you perceive, was made by a rider who was going from the direction of the school." "Or towards it?" "No, no, my d
'tis a damned slave. Exeunt all but Othello and Emilia. OTHELLO. I am not valiant neither, But every puny whipster gets my sword. But why should honor outlive 
hat follow'd me so near (O, our lives' sweetness! That with the pain of death would hourly die Rather than die at once!) taught m
 bold or noble enterprise, However he puts on this tardy form. This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit, Which gives men stomach to digest his words With better appetite. BRUTUS. And so it is
t stands upright, Like lime-twigs set to catch my winged soul! Give me some drink; and bid the apothecary Bring the strong poison that I bought of him. KING HENRY. O Thou eternal Mover of the 
ed. "'Tell me, dad,' said she, looking, I thought, a little disturbed, 'did you give Lucy, the maid, leave to go out to-night?' "'Certainly not.' "'She came in just now by the back door. I have 
 Save you, good Sir Hugh! EVANS. Pless you from his mercy sake, all of you! SHALLOW. What, the sword and the word! Do
my friend, Wilson Hargreave, of the New York Police Bureau, who has more than once made use of my knowledge of London 
ence that honour of hers which you imagine so reserv'd. POSTHUMUS. I will wage against your gold, gold to it. My ring I hold dear as my finger; 'tis part of it. IACHIMO. Yo
Will you come upstairs, Dr. Watson, and inspect my collection of Lepidoptera? I think it is the most complete one in the south-west 
to find another such opening for you. Good-day to you, Miss Hunter.' She struck a gong upon the table, and I was shown out by the page. "Well,
 adventure or not I know not, but I slept much more lightly than usual. Half in my dreams I was dimly conscious that something was going on in the roo
hat she had partaken of an excellent dinner. My visit was specially made to the good Mr. Ames, with whom I exchanged some amiabilities, which culminated in his allow
private secretary, Mr. Joseph Stangerson. The two bade adieu to their landlady upon Tuesday, the 4th inst., and departed to Euston Station with the avowed intention of
rtunate beggar. Edg. As I stood here below, methought his eyes Were two full moons; he had a thousand noses, Horns whelk'd and wav'd like the enridged sea. It was some fiend. Therefore, thou happy f
 a quivering hand and picked up the Daily Telegraph, which still lay upon Holmes's knee. "If you had looked at it, sir, you would 
speak, not for ourselves. You are abus'd, and by some putter-on That will be damn'd for't. Would I knew the villain! I would land-damn him. Be she honour-flaw'd- I have three daughte
ht, to fall into error through the over-refinement of his logic,--his preference for a subtle and bizarre explanation when a plainer and more
es. GRATIANO. Signior Bassanio, hear me: If I do not put on a sober habit, Talk with respect, and swear but now and then, Wear pr
 so do you. LYSANDER. Demetrius, I will keep my word with thee. DEMETRIUS. I would I had your bond; for I perceive A weak bond holds you; I'll not trust yo
 if one jot beyond The bound of honour, or in act or will That way inclining, hard'ned be the hearts Of all that hear me, and my near'st of kin Cry fie upon my grave! LEONTES. I ne'er hea
vorce between herself and her husband. In that case, regarding Stapleton as an unmarried man, she counted no doubt upon becoming his wife." "And when she i
 my final answer." His dark brows knitted and his face flushed to a dusky red as he spoke. It was evident that the fiery temper of the Baskervilles was not extinct in this thei
top of my compass; and there is much music, excellent voice, in this little organ, yet cannot you make it speak. 'Sblood, do you think I am easier to be play'd on than a pipe? Call me what instrumen
 in a very incomplete fashion, but it gave me a basis for some pleasing speculation. If you would care to hear the facts--" "My dear Mycroft, I should be delighted." The brother scribbled a 
t he started off all alone to prepare for the attempt. It was daylight before he returned from his reconnaissance. Next day he interviewed his two subordinates, Manders and Reilly, reckless
rt, so please you; these her women Can trip me if I err, who with wet cheeks Were present when she finish'd. CYMBELINE. Prithee say. CORNELIUS. First, she confes
s with a yawn. "All right, Watson, I don't intend to meddle." "Inspector Forrester, sir," said the butler, throwing open the door. The official, a smart, ke
at once Had not concluded all.- He wakes. Speak to him. Doct. Madam, do you; 'tis fittest. Cor. How does my royal lord? How fares your Majesty? Lear. You do me wrong to take me
you can; you are not for all markets. Cry the man mercy, love him, take his offer; Foul is most foul, being foul
rd Grants scarce distinction. Thou wilt write to Antony? VENTIDIUS. I'll humbly signify what in his name, That magical word of war, we have effected; How, with his banners, a
lord, a wretched Florentine, Derived from the ancient Capilet. My suit, as I do understand, you know, And therefore know how far I may be pitied. WIDOW. I am her mother, sir, 
 nightingale, We have beat them to their beds. What, girl! though grey Do something mingle with our younger brown, yet ha' we A brain that nourishes our nerves, and can Get goal for 
'--she does not interest me. 'Every day my heart longs--' Bleat, Watson--unmitigated bleat! Ah, this is a little more possible. Listen to this: 'Be patient. Will find some sure means of comm
 he give us bold advertisement, That with our small conjunction we should on, To see how fortune is dispos'd to us; For, as he writes, there is no quailing now, Because the King is certainly posse
hink to live till he be old, Give me some help!- O cruel! O ye gods! Reg. One side will mock another. Th' other too! Corn. If you see vengeance- 1. Serv.
uelty. ROSALIND. She Phebes me: mark how the tyrant writes. [Reads] 'Art thou god to shepherd turn'd, That a maiden's heart hath burn'd?' Can a 
ICK. Unsavoury news! But how made he escape? POST. He was convey'd by Richard Duke of Gloucester And the Lord Hastings, who attended him In secret ambush on the forest side And from the Bishop's hun
dships were not so great as you imagined, though such trifling details must never interfere with the investigation of a case. I stayed for the most part at Coombe Tracey, and only 
t me, if it be your will, Where great Aufidius lies. Is he in Antium? CITIZEN. He is, and feasts the nobles of the 
 "And my son? You give me hopes?" "My opinion is in no way altered." "Then, for God's sake, what was this dark business which was acted in my house last nigh
y miles an hour instead of quietly digesting their breakfasts at home." "I am afraid," said I, "that the facts are so obvious that you will fin
itement. When I say that I started my pilgrimage at Chicago, graduated in an Irish secret society at Buffalo, gave serious trouble to the constabulary at Skibbareen, and so eventually caught the e
 put it where I am wearing one myself at this instant. You slipped up there, Mr. Holmes, clever as you are; for if you had chanced to take off that plaster
l I say? LYSANDER. Ay, by my life! And never did desire to see thee more. Therefore be out of hope, of question, of do
 and then to sigh, as 'twere The mort o' th' deer. O, that is entertainment My bosom likes not, nor my brows! Mamillius, Art thou my boy? MAMILLIUS. Ay, my good lord. L
u will get notice to quit and that I shall share your downfall--not, however, before we have solved the problem of the nervous tutor, 
 he understood our errand. There were some really curious pieces of mediaeval domestic architecture within. Holmes was so charmed with one of them that
ne who, though a mere connoisseur of crime, is still rather older and perhaps more experienced than yourself." "I'm the first to admit that," said the detective heartily. "You get to your 
y. He that of greatest works is finisher Oft does them by the weakest minister. So holy writ in babes hath judgment shown, When judges have be
s while; My mind was troubled with deep melancholy. The cause why I have brought this army hither Is to remove proud Somerset from the King, Seditious to his Grace and to the state. BUCKINGHAM. That
 I did, my lord, but loath am to produce So bad an instrument; his name's Parolles. LAFEU. I saw the man to-day, if man he be. KING. Find him, and bring him hither. E
 hardships were not so great as you imagined, though such trifling details must never interfere with the investigation of a case. I stayed for the most part at Coombe Tracey, and onl
any reward which it lies in our power to bestow." Sherlock Holmes rose with a smile. "You are two of the most busy men in the country," said he, "and in my own small way I have also 
be more than a mile or two from Oxshott, since Garcia was walking in that direction and hoped, according to my reading of the facts, to be back in Wisteria Lodge in 
orce not to forswear. KING. Despise me when I break this oath of mine. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. I will; and therefore keep it. Rosaline, What did the Russ
may be converted I know not, but methinks you look with your eyes as other women do. Beat. What pace is this that thy tongue keeps? 
the slander of most stepmothers, Evil-ey'd unto you. You're my prisoner, but Your gaoler shall deliver you the keys That lock up your restraint. For you, Posthumus, So soon as I can win th' offended
ken him off. If I could lay my hands upon that man, then at last we might find ourselves at the end of all our difficulties. To this one purpose I must now devote all my energies. My first impulse wa
R. Adieu, good Master Doctor. Exeunt PAGE, SHALLOW, and SLENDER CAIUS. By gar, me vill kill de priest; for he speak for a jack- an-ape to Anne Page. HOST. Let him die. Sheathe thy impatie
Salique land Until four hundred one and twenty years After defunction of King Pharamond, Idly suppos'd the founder of this law; Who died within the 
ool." "So I should say. It will be our fault if we are not there to receive him. Meanwhile, let me see the inside of the cabin." 
re question, Dr. Mortimer. Supposing that anything happened to our young friend here--you will forgive the unpleasant hypothesis!--who would inherit the estate?" "Since Rodger Baskerville, Sir C
ou art No servant of thy master's. Against self-slaughter There is a prohibition so divine That cravens my weak hand. Come, here's my heart- Something's afore't
C.C.H.' does stand for 'Charing Cross Hospital,' what further inferences may we draw?" "Do none suggest themselves? You know my methods. Apply them!" "I can only think of the obvious co
ers to, and eventually the actors in, some strange drama, it is only natural that I should dwell rather upon his successes than upon
GER Thy business? MESSENGER. The news is true, my lord: he is descried; Caesar has taken Toryne. ANTONY. Can he be there in person? 'Tis impossible- Strange that his power should be. Canidius,
le Emperor and his lovely bride, Sent by the heavens for Prince Saturnine, Whose wisdom hath her fortune conquered; There shall we consummate our 
ce still; And whatsoever else shall hap to-night, Give it an understanding but no tongue. I will requite your loves. So, fare you well. Upon the plat
ds thee this word, that, if thou love thy sons, Let Marcus, Lucius, or thyself, old Titus, Or any one of you, chop off your hand And send it to the King: 
my way, and to secure us By what we can, which can no more but fly. [Alarum afar off] If you be ta'en, we then should see the bottom Of all our fortunes; bu
on the sideboard." Sherlock Holmes glanced sharply across at me with a slight shrug of his shoulders. "There is your hat, then, and there your
ter, I pray read on. CARDINAL. [Reads] 'Item: It is further agreed between them that the duchies of Anjou and Maine shall be released and delivered over to the
y in getting leave to come into Winchester this morning, but I must be back before three o'clock, for Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle are going on a visit, and will be away a
t alive. O, then, my father, Will you permit that I shall stand condemn'd A wandering vagabond; my rights and royalties Pluck'd from my arms perforce, and given away To upstart unthr
r, He straight declin'd, droop'd, took it deeply, Fasten'd and fix'd the shame on't in himself, Threw off his spirit, his ap
n looks beautiful In the contempt and anger of his lip! A murd'rous guilt shows not itself more soon Than love that would seem hid: love's night is noon. Ce
h been too violent For a second course of fight. MARCIUS. Sir, praise me not; My work hath yet not warm'd me. Fare you well; The blood I drop is rather physical Than dangerous to me. To Aufidius thus
 a fresh ridge beyond. And yet we have surely made some appreciable progress. "The effect of our inquiries at Woolwich has in the main been against young Cadogan West; but the indications at th
ve a coronet of gold. CHARLES. Now let us on, my lords, and join our powers, And seek how we may prejudice the foe. Exeunt SCENE 4. Paris. The palace Enter the K
h beat down enon; bastard Margarelon Hath Doreus prisoner, And stands colossus-wise, waving his beam, Upon the pashed corses of the kings Epistrophus and Cedius. Polixenes is
ere a highway robber. There were six of us, and we had a wild, free life of it, sticking up a station from time to time, or stopping the wagons on the road to the diggings. Bl
ome so penitent. Tressel and Berkeley, go along with me. GLOUCESTER. Bid me farewell. ANNE. 'Tis more than you deserve; But since you t
. Exeunt. SCENE II. A public place. Flourish. Enter Caesar; Antony, for the course; Calpurnia, Portia, Decius, Cicero, Brutus, Cassius, and Casca; a great crowd follows, among them a So
 to the Project Gutenberg archives: [Mac users, do NOT point and click. . .type] ftp mrcnext.cso.uiuc.edu login: anonymous password: your@login cd etext/et
s knew my heart, you were. My lord the Emperor, resolve me this: Was it well done of rash Virginius To slay his daughter with his own right hand, Because she was enforc'd, stain'd, and
r smock; Else ne'er could he so long protract his speech. REIGNIER. Shall we disturb him, since he keeps no mean? ALENCON. He may mean more than we poor men 
one, and not One friend to take his fortune by the arm And go along with him? SECOND SERVANT. As we do turn our backs From our companion, thro
r started off at once at a rapid pace. Thaddeus Sholto talked incessantly, in a voice which rose high above the rattle of the wheels. "Bartholomew is a clever fellow," said he.
ed as may beseem The spouse of any noble gentleman. Let me embrace with old Vincentio; And wander we to see thy honest son, Who will of thy arrival be full joyous. VINCENT
face. We soon, however, had another and a more striking proof that there were secret agencies at work all round us. The window of my father's room was found open in the m
h desp'rate hand Fordo it own life. 'Twas of some estate. Couch we awhile, and mark. [Retires with Horatio.] Laer. What ceremony else? Ham. That is Laertes, A very nob
me; She dreamt tonight she saw my statue, Which, like a fountain with an hundred spouts, Did run pure blood, and many lusty Romans Came smiling and di
e or discourse to make plain Some obscure precedence that hath tofore been sain. I will example it: The fox, the ape, and the humble-bee, Were still at odds, being but t
efore now. You notice those bright green spots scattered thickly over it?" "Yes, they seem more fertile than the rest." Stapleton laughed. "That is the great Grimpen Mire," said he. "A false
her true nobility she has Carried herself towards me. WOLSEY. Most gracious sir, In humblest manner I require your Highness That it shall please you to declare in hearing Of all these ears-for where 
servant to use his master so; being, perhaps, for aught I see, two and thirty, a pip out? Whom would to God I had well knock'd at first, Then had not Grumio come by the worst.
 within me; not imagin'd, felt. A headless man? The garments of Posthumus? I know the shape of's leg; this is his hand, His foot Mercurial, his Martia
ild. DUCHESS. Ah, that deceit should steal such gentle shape, And with a virtuous vizor hide deep vice! He is my son; ay, and therein my shame; Yet from my dugs he drew not this dec
han hell. A devil in an everlasting garment hath him; One whose hard heart is button'd up with steel; A fiend, a fairy, pitiless and rough; A wolf, nay worse, a fel
e a breach between his country and ours?" "Yes, sir." "And to whom would this document be sent if it fell into the hands of an enemy?" "To any of the great Chancelleries of
ss of their interview. A wisp of green floating in the air caught my eye, and another glance showed me that it was carried on a stick by a man who was moving among 
d but dream. O coward conscience, how dost thou afflict me! The lights burn blue. It is now dead midnight. Cold fearful drops stand on my trembling flesh. What do I fear? Myself? There's none else b
 a time before, and emptied their pistols into his body; but in this instance it was very necessary to find out how much he knew, how 
 Scowrers in Chicago. A gang of murderers, are they not?" "Hush, on your life!" cried the miner, standing still in alarm, and gazing in amazement at his companion. "Man, you wo
n of truth, I kiss your Highness' hand. KING HENRY. Well-minded Clarence, be thou fortunate! MONTAGUE. Comfort, my lord; and so I take my leave. OXFORD. [Kissing the 
ALONSO. Give us kind keepers, heavens! What were these? SEBASTIAN. A living drollery. Now I will believe That there are unicorns; that in Arabia There is one tree, the phoenix' throne, one
s. What is it else? A madness most discreet, A choking gall, and a preserving sweet. Farewell, my coz. Ben. Soft! I will go along. An if you leave me so, you do me wrong. Rom. Tut! I have lost m
racter of a registration-agent I had a most interesting gossip with his landlady. The man is by trade a conjurer and performer, going round the canteens after nightfall, and givin
a long wait," Holmes whispered. "We may thank our stars that it is not raining. I don't think we can even venture to smoke to 
ast words were shot out of him, as though the constraint which he was evidently setting upon himself had suddenly and utterly burst asunder. Holmes and I glanced 
 of wrath subscribes To tender objects, but he in heat of action Is more vindicative than jealous love. They call him Troilus, and on him erect A second 
 marked an extent that even in a short sentence one would expect to find it most often. Out of fifteen symbols in the first message four were the same, s
nnive at us, and we may do anything extempore. The Prince himself is about a piece of iniquity- stealing away from his father with his clog at his heels. If I thought it were
uld you do, but knock 'em down by th' dozens? Is this Moorfields to muster in? Or have we some strange Indian with the great tool come to court, the women so besiege us? 
 about three miles off. "It was too far for me to go, weak and ill as I was. I determined to wait until I got back to town before telling my story to the po
they shall know we have strong arms too. MENENIUS. Why, masters, my good friends, mine honest neighbours, Will you undo yourselves? FIRST CITIZEN. We cannot, sir; we are undone alr
 fat ribs of peace Must by the hungry now be fed upon. Use our commission in his utmost force. BASTARD. Bell, book, and candle, shall not drive me back, When gold and silver becks me to come o
best to quittance their deceit, Contriv'd by art and baleful sorcery. BEDFORD. Coward of France, how much he wrongs his fame, Despairing of his own arm'
Jonathan Small." "Hardly that," said he. "When first I saw signs of strange weapons I was inclined to think so; but the remarkable character of the footmarks caused me to reconsider my v
 astonished farmer the fierce face and resolute expression of Jefferson Hope. "Good God!" gasped John Ferrier. "How you scared me! Whatever made you come in like that." "Give 
d. SEBASTIAN. Belike you slew great number of his people. ANTONIO.Th' offence is not of such a bloody nature; Albeit the quality of the time and qua
t you Have too much blood in him. HERMIONE. What is this? Sport? LEONTES. Bear the boy hence; he shall not come about her; Away with him; and let her sport h
e, with something of a German accent. 'You have been recommended to me, Mr. Hatherley, as being a man who is not only proficient in his profession b
id thing with which we have to deal, and we must not permit our attention to wander away from it. It is to gain light upon the purpose of this telegram that we are now upon
have pardons, being ask'd, as free As words to little purpose. VOLUMNIA. Prithee now, Go, and be rul'd; although I know thou hadst rather Follow thine enemy in a fiery gul
ve from their confines call'd to enact My present fancies. FERDINAND. Let me live here ever; So rare a wond'red father and a wise Makes this place Paradise. [JUNO and CERES whisper, and se
th three barges in tow blundered in between us. It was only by putting our helm hard down that we avoided a collision, and before we could round them and re
r Herbert-stay with me. The Earl of Pembroke keeps his regiment; Good Captain Blunt, bear my good night to him, And by the second hour in the m
"You seemed interested last night, Mr. Holmes, so I thought perhaps you would be glad to be present now that the affair has taken a very much graver turn." "What has it tu
ling rheumatic and old. A Turkish bath is what we call an alterative in medicine--a fresh starting-point, a cleanser of the system. "By the way, Holmes," I added, "I hav
 The alibi was complete. It is true that he started home at an hour which should have brought him to Westminster before the time when the crime was
inued. "The postmark is London--eastern division. Within are the very words which were upon my father's last message: 'K. K. K.'
e man was unknown there. After this I went to see Melville, at whose house I had first met Garcia, but I found that he really knew rather less about him than I did. Finally whe
w't. Sirrah, if thou wouldst not be a villain, but do me true service, undergo those employments wherein I should have cause to use thee with a serious indus
. Why, trowest thou, Warwick, That Clarence is so harsh, so blunt, unnatural, To bend the fatal instruments of war Against his brother and his lawful King? Perh
 firm way. "Yes, do!" pleaded Thaddeus Sholto. "I really do not feel equal to giving directions." We all followed him into the housekeeper's room, which stood upon the left-hand side 
 no more. It is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing. Enter a Messenger. Thou comest to use thy tongue; thy story q
would have me seek into myself For that which is not in me? CASSIUS. Therefore, good Brutus, be prepared to hear, And since you know you cannot see yoursel
rself useful.' "'How?' "For answer, he took a big red book out of a drawer. "'This is a directory of Paris,' said he, 'with the trades after the names of the people. I want you to take it hom
at is no fleering tell-tale. Hold, my hand. Be factious for redress of all these griefs, And I will set this foot of mine as far As who goes farthest. CASSIUS. There's a bargain made. Now know yo
of fourteen years; Let two more summers wither in their pride Ere we may think her ripe to be a bride. Par. Younger than she are happy mothers made. Cap. And too soon marr'd are those so early ma
. AUFIDIUS. I know it; And my pretext to strike at him admits A good construction. I rais'd him, and I pawn'd Mine honour for his truth; who being so heighten'd, He watered his new plan
it did before, I know not where to hide my head. Yond same cloud cannot choose but fall by pailfuls. What have we here? a man or a fish? dead or aliv
McGinty. "But what do you allow that we should do about it?" "Why not go right down now and fix him?" someone suggested. "Ay, the sooner the better." "
you does not serve heaven well, that you are so cross'd. FALSTAFF. Come up into my chamber. Exeunt SCENE 6. The Garter Inn Enter FENTON and HOST HOST. Master Fento
 said I. "'If you think it really necessary,' he answered, with some hesitation. 'To continue my statement, however: I relocked the bureau, using the key which Brunton 
e of it is for my child's father. O, how full of briers is this working-day world! CELIA. They are but burs, cousin, thrown upon thee in holiday foolery; if we walk not in the trodden
TAGENET. Ay, noble uncle, thus ignobly us'd, Your nephew, late despised Richard, comes. MORTIMER. Direct mine arms I may embrace his neck And in his bosom spend my latter gasp. O, tell
s before. They were as hardened to human murder as a butcher to sheep. Foremost, of course, both in appearance and in guilt, was the formidable Boss. Harraway, the secretary, 
 than friends, Who can bring noblest minds to basest ends! How rarely does it meet with this time's guise, When man was wish'd to love his enemies! Grant I may ever love, and rather woo
ment'; which at least makes sense, though somewhat irrelevant to ourselves and Professor Moriarty. Now let us try again. What does the Mahratta government do? Alas! the next word is 'pig's-bris
me, Somerset, we'll see thee sent away. Flourish. Exeunt SCENE IV. London. The DUKE OF GLOUCESTER'S garden Enter MARGERY JOURDAIN, the witch; the two priests, HUME and SOUTHWELL; and BOL
 be bridled so. LUCIANA. Why, headstrong liberty is lash'd with woe. There's nothing situate under heaven's eye But hath his bound, in earth, in sea
ays see you. Would you trust me?" She put her hand in his without a word. "Well, then, listen to what I say, and do as I order you, for indeed it's the only way for us. Things are going to 
xplain how it is that I have received a letter from him to-day." Sherlock Holmes sprang out of his chair as if he had been galvanised. "What!" he roared. "Yes,
the more virtuous, that I have not been common in my love. I will, sir, flatter my sworn brother, the people, to earn a dearer estimation of them; 'tis a condition 
f, Doctor, and acknowledge that I have scored over you in your example." He held out his snuffbox of old gold, with a great amethyst in the centre of the lid. Its splendour was in such contrast t
rs yet wear silk, drink wine, lie soft, Hug their diseas'd perfumes, and have forgot That ever Timon was. Shame not these woods By putting on the cunning of a carper. Be t
is, my lord. Claud. [reads from a scroll] Epitaph. Done to death by slanderous tongues Was the Hero that here lies. Death, in guerdon of her wrongs, Gives her fame which never die
tion; people following. HERALD. It is Othello's pleasure, our noble and valiant general, that upon certain tidings now arrived, importing the mere perdition of the Turkish fleet, every
t am I to do? That's what I ask you, Mr. Holmes. There's Moorhouse, first reserve, but he is trained as a half, and he always edges right in on to the scrum instead of keeping out on the tou
ur chamber doors. ALENCON. Of all exploits since first I follow'd arms Ne'er heard I of a warlike enterprise More venturous or desperate than this. BASTARD. I think this Talbot be a fiend 
 get hence. Why should excuse be born or ere begot? We'll talk of that hereafter. Prithee speak, How many score of miles may we well ride 'Twixt hour and hour? 
raordinary powers. His rooms were brilliantly lit, and, even as I looked up, I saw his tall, spare figure pass twice in a dark silhouette against the blind. He was pacing the roo
ZO SALERIO. Here comes Lorenzo; more of this hereafter. LORENZO. Sweet friends, your patience for my long abode! Not I, but my affairs, have made you wait. When you shall please to play the th
wash'd hands too. Bard. Do, my lord. Prince. I have procured thee, Jack, a charge of foot. Fal. I would it had been of horse. Where shall I find one that can steal well? O for a fine thief of the ag
 Anne, but a postmaster's boy. MRS. PAGE. Good George, be not angry. I knew of your purpose; turn'd my daughter into green; and, indeed, she is now with the Doctor at the dean'ry, and there ma
nst the stream of virtue they may strive And drown themselves in riot. Itches, blains, Sow all th' Athenian bosoms, and their crop Be general leprosy! Breath infect breath, Tha
 spirit sanctified, As I have spoken for you all my best And stood within the blank of his displeasure For my free speech! You must awhile be patient. What I can do I will; and more I wi
reparedly may frame herself To th' way she's forc'd to. CAESAR. Bid her have good heart. She soon shall know of us, by some of ours, How honourable and how kindly we Determine for her; for 
 Aaron! Did ever raven sing so like a lark That gives sweet tidings of the sun's uprise? With all my heart I'll send the Emperor my hand. Good Aaron, wilt thou help to c
 I'll send her straight away. To-morrow I'll to the wars, she to her single sorrow. PAROLLES. Why, these balls bound; there's noise in it. 'Tis hard: A young man married is a 
 Well shone, Moon. Truly, the moon shines with a good grace. [The LION tears THISBY'S Mantle, and exit] THESEUS. Well mou
 With whom I am accus'd, I do confess I lov'd him as in honour he requir'd; With such a kind of love as might become A lady like me; with a 
 and he had, I remember, conceived the idea that it was akin to the Chaldean, and had been largely derived from the 
 as a match-seller but really as a beggar. For seven hours I plied my trade, and when I returned home in the evening I f
 come to me," he cried, "and, above all, why did you not come at once?" "I did not know. It was only to-day that I spoke to Major Prendergast about my troubles and was advised by him to co
 eyes To twinkle in their spheres till they return. What if her eyes were there, they in her head? The 
 find words to thank you, but you shall not find me ungrateful for what you have done. Your skill has indeed exceeded all that I have heard of 
 from it, led by a wooden staircase directly to the first floor of the house. It came out upon the landing opposite to a second more ornamental stair which came up from the front hall. Out of t
 have been reading the papers diligently of late, have you not?" "It looks like it," said I ruefully, pointing to a huge bundle
 have heard the night raven, come what plague could have come after it. Pedro. Yea, marry. Dost thou hear, Balthasar? I p
 have it Hath lost me in your liking. Lear. Better thou Hadst not been born than not t' have pleas'd me better. France. Is it but this- a tardiness in nature Which often l
 lady but from the coffin and argue backward. That incident proves, I fear, beyond all doubt that the lady is dead. It points a
 more dangerous than he. We are two lions litter'd in one day, And I the elder and more terrible. And Caesar shall go forth. CALPURNIA. Alas, my lord, Your wisdom is consumed in confidence. Do n
 more than for mine own, My fortunes were more able to relieve her; But I am shepherd to another man, And do not sh
 that the clergyman absolutely refused to marry them without a witness of some sort, and that my lucky
 that your stay with him may not be long; that the time may have all shadow and silence in it; and the place answer to convenience. Thi
 the best terms I can." At that instant there was a clatter and a rattle in the street below. Looking down I saw a stately carriage and pair, the brilliant lamp
 the country. At last the cab drew up at the third house in a new terrace. None of the other houses were inhabited, and that at which we stopped was as dark as its neighbor
 the fact that the first man who struck him wore a moustache. He added that he knew them to be Scowrers, since no one else in the c
 the worse. Behold, my lords, Although the print be little, the whole matter And copy of the father- eye, nose, lip, The trick o
 thou lovest me; yet my blood begins to flatter me that thou dost, notwithstanding the poor and untemperi
 were as easy as to know what were good to do, chapels had been churches, and poor men's cottages princes' palaces. It is a good divine that follows his own instructions; I can ea
 will have a little patience it will be found." "Mind it is, for it's the last thing of mine that I'll lose in this den of thieves. Well, well, Mr. Holme
 with a living death. Those eyes of thine from mine have drawn salt tears, Sham'd their aspects with store of childish drops- 
 your King, your country, and your lives; And so, farewell, for I must hence again. Exeunt SCENE VI. London. Cannon street Enter JACK CADE and the rest, and strikes his staff o
 your son.- Send us your prisoners, or you will hear of it. Exeunt King, [Blunt, and Train] Hot. An if the devil come and roar for them, I will n
, and Servants attending on Baptista and Petruchio SCENE: Padua, and PETRUCHIO'S house in the country SC_1 INDUCTION. SCENE I. B
ACUSE and DROMIO OF SYRACUSE COURTEZAN. Now, out of doubt, Antipholus is mad, Else would he never so demean himself. A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats, And for the sam
Antony and others, with Caesar's body. Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who, though he had no hand in his death, shall receive the benefit of his dying, a place in the common
Emilia, come. Be as your fancies teach you; Whate'er you be, I am obedient. Exeunt Desdemona and Emilia. OTHELLO. Excellen
FOLK. Pray God he be not angry. KING HENRY. Who's there, I say? How dare you thrust yourselves Into my private meditations? Who am I, ha? NORFOLK. A gracious king that pardons all offe
I may help thee out, Or, wanting strength to do thee so much good, I may be pluck'd into the swallowing womb Of this deep pit, poor Bassianus' grave. I have no st
OSTESS HOSTESS. As ever you come of women, come in quickly to Sir John. Ah, poor heart! he is so shak'd of a burni
PTISTA BAPTISTA. Why, how now, dame! Whence grows this insolence? Bianca, stand aside- poor girl! she weeps. [He unbinds her] Go ply thy needle; meddle not 
Pietro's confederate, he may have been the go-between of Pietro and his sister. It is of no consequence to us which is the correct solution. "The main fact is that he had the pea
and this addition more, Full thirty thousand marks of English coin. Philip of France, if thou be pleas'd withal, Command thy son and daughter to join han
could effect an escape." "As a matter of fact he could not," said Soames, "for I entered by the side door." "Ah, that's good! Well, anyhow, that was in his mind. Let me see the three strips
e him joint-servant with me; gave him way In all his own desires; nay, let him choose Out of my files, his projects to accomplish, My best and freshest men; serv'd his designments In
e was beautiful, and as intelligent as she was good. No man need be ashamed of such a wife. But Godfrey was th
easure to see anyone appreciate them so. A fan, a glove, glasses--who knows what article may be carried as a token or treasured when a man puts an end to his lif
eceive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending an explanatory note within that time to the person you received it from. If y
eep. MACBETH. Come, we'll to sleep. My strange and self-abuse Is the initiate fear that wants hard use. We a
endants. Lear. Let me not stay a jot for dinner; go get it ready. [Exit an Attendant.] How now? What art tho
erful!" cried the Colonel. "Wonderful! You might have been there!" "My final shot was, I confess a very long one. It struck me that so astute a
every where. Run, run, Orlando; carve on every tree, The fair, the chaste, and unexpressive she. Exit Enter CORIN and TOUCHSTONE CORIN. And how like you this shepherd's life, Master To
f yours is hardly a government matter, after all, but is a private concern of your own, which of course you have the power of disposing of as you think best. Now, the
flesh is thine. The court awards it and the law doth give it. SHYLOCK. Most rightful judge! PORTIA. And you must cut this flesh from
for thee, And for thy maintenance commits his body To painful labour both by sea and land, To watch the night in storms, the day in cold, Whilst thou liest warm at home
he room, as there is no concealment possible. Whence, then, did he come?" "He came through the hole in the roof," I cried. "Of course he did. He must have done so. If you will 
hrice presented him a kingly crown, Which he did thrice refuse. Was this ambition? Yet Brutus says he wa
ing a word or moving a muscle from morning to night. On these occasions I have noticed such a dreamy, vacant expression in his eyes, that I might have suspected him of being addicted to 
lf so deaf, Lions more confident, mountains and rocks More free from motion-no, not Death himself In mortal fury half so peremptory As we to
n the papers. Between you and me I expect to hear news from you before long. Five big corporations and the two railroads have taken the thing up in dead ear
nbras with his Army over the stage. For. Go, Captain, from me greet the Danish king. Tell him that by his license Fortinbras Craves the conveyance of 
ning he went down to his own hut. About two o'clock the following morning his daughter, who slept with her window open, heard a most fearful yell from that direction, but it was no unusual t
our solace; and Believe't not lightly- though I go alone, Like to a lonely dragon, that his fen Makes fear'd and talk'd of more than seen- your son Will or ex
parley] What noise is this I hear? Dare any be so bold to sound retreat or parley when I command them kill? Enter BUCKINGHAM and old 
reaty in order to frame it and hang it up." "Perhaps he is waiting for a better price." "If he waits a little longer he will get no price at all. The treaty will
rs of remorse and innocency. Away with me, all you whose souls abhor Th' uncleanly savours of a slaughter-house; For I am stifled with thi
s, speeches, spent, Thus once again says Nestor from the Greeks: 'Deliver Helen, and all damage else- As honour, loss of time, travail, expense, Wounds, friends, and what else dear that is con
sehood- falsehood as With labour; then by-peeping in an eye Base and illustrious as the smoky light That's fed with stinking tallow- it were fit That all the plag
st of May doth the last of December. But I hope you have no intent to turn husband, have you? Claud. I would scarce trust 
t the ladies tattle what they please. CHIRON. Aaron, I see thou wilt not trust the air With secrets. DEMETRIUS. For this care of 
ted. "Hadn't we better--" he said. "We are doing so," Holmes interrupted. "All that I am saying has a very direct and vital bearing upo
uncle Clarence, Her uncle Rivers; ay, and for her sake Mad'st quick conveyance with her good aunt Anne. KING RICHARD. You mock me, mad
well. Exeunt [all but Hamlet]. My father's spirit- in arms? All is not well. I doubt some foul play. Would the night were come! Till then sit still, my soul. Fo
y land. ENOBARBUS. There I deny my land service. But give me your hand, Menas; if our eyes had authority, here they mi
your lordship. By your leave, sweet ladies. [Seats himself between ANNE BULLEN and another lady] If I chance to talk a little wild, forgive me; I had it from my father. ANNE. Was he mad, sir? 
f Cade is fled. IDEN. Is't Cade that I have slain, that monstrous traitor? Sword, I will hallow thee for this thy deed And hang thee o'er my tomb when I am dead. Ne'er shall this blood be wi
O God! God! How weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable Seem to me all the uses of this world! Fie on't! ah, fie! 'Tis an unweeded garden That grows to seed; things rank and gross in nature Poss
a fiver on it that the bird I ate is country bred." "Well, then, you've lost your fiver, for it's town bred,
r from him Dear life redeems you. You perceive she stirs. [HERMIONE comes down from the pedestal] Start not; her actions shall be holy as You 
n married five years. You must have returned about the time of his marriage." "About a month before. I was his best man." "Did you know Mrs. Douglas befor
y of that voyage I loved her more, and many a time since have I kneeled down in the darkness of the night watch and kissed the de
g that led them to it; who to disobey were against all proportion of subjection. KING HENRY. So, if a son that is by his father sent abo
e that respects of fortune are his love, I shall not be his wife. France. Fairest Cordelia, that art most rich, being poor; Most choice, forsaken; and most lov'd, despis'd! Thee and thy virtues 
t the man was not to be killed--and what are you doing but killing him?" "It's truth he says," remarked one of the men. "By Gar! you'd best hurry yourselves!" 
t they say the tongues of dying men Enforce attention like deep harmony. Where words are scarce, they a
f this agent, he would step in himself with a master touch. You heard me warn this man at Birlstone Manor House that the coming
n this shore; where I have lost- How sharp the point of this remembrance is!- My dear son Ferdinand. PROSPERO. I am woe for't, sir. ALO
y upon the floor. I turned him over with my foot, and placed my hand upon his heart. There was no movement. He was dead! "The blood had been streaming from my nose, b
o was he, then, and what was his object in deserting Miss Sutherland?" The question was hardly out of my mouth, and Holmes ha
e were many of us who were glad enough to win back our freedom, and yet who had no wish to have murder on our souls. It was one thing to knock the soldiers
, what charms, What conjuration, and what mighty magic- For such proceeding I am charged withal- I won his d
s with Cassibelan, But had his titles by Tenantius, whom He serv'd with glory and admir'd success, So gain'd the sur-addition
t with men. ANTONIO. Let him alone; I'll follow him no more with bootless prayers. He seeks my life; his reason well I know: I oft deliver'd from his forfeitures Many that h
u with me? SLENDER. Truly, for mine own part I would little or nothing with you. Your father and my uncle hath made motions; if
y with me, all you whose souls abhor Th' uncleanly savours of a slaughter-house; For I am stifled with this smell of sin. BIGOT. Away toward Bury, to the Dauphin there! PEMBROKE. There tell the 
n with rejoicing fires bright And Britons strut with courage. CLOTEN. Come, there's no more tribute to be paid. Our kingdom is stronger than it was at that time
f you could for one moment put yourself in the place of this young man, would you choose the very nigh
f your loyal servant, your physician, Your most obedient counsellor; yet that dares Less appear so, in comforting your evils, Than such as
i' th' midst o' th' fight, When vantage like a pair of twins appear'd, Both as the same, or rather ours the elder- The breese upon her, lik
s, and conjure thee to pardon Rome and thy petitionary countrymen. The good gods assuage thy wrath, and turn the dregs of it upon this varlet here; this, w
d, and had to lean upon his rifle to save himself from falling. He was essentially a man of action, however, and speedily 
e, and heart from heart. QUEEN. Banish us both, and send the King with me. NORTHUMBERLAND. That were some lo
 and they should sooner persuade Henry of England than a general petition of monarchs. Here comes your father. 
ad him by his form, as you are like to find him in the proof of his valour. He is indeed, sir, the most skilful, bloody, and fatal opposite that you could possibly have found in any 
He had come to New York to avoid the Italian police, and he had already planted a branch of this dreadful society in his new ho
he hanging of the thieves and so become a rare hangman. Fal. Well, Hal, well; and in some sort it jumps with my humour a
Hence! Hang not on my garments. MIRANDA. Sir, have pity; I'll be his surety. PROSPERO. Silence! One word more Shall ma
on one cushion, Both warbling of one song, both in one key; As if our hands, our sides, voices, and minds, Had been incorporate. So we grew together, Like to a double cherry, seeming parted, But yet 
en the fight began, Rous'd on the sudden from their drowsy beds, They did amongst the troops of armed men Leap o
And so farewell, Signior Lucentio. Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, Shall win my love; and so I take my leave, In resolution as I swore before. Exit TRANIO. Mistress B
at had first turned his mind in the direction of criminal research, but had never caught him before in a 
At the same moment a sinewy brown hand caught the frightened horse by the curb, and forcing a way through the drove, soon brought her to the outskirts. "You're not hurt, I hope, miss," 
s, And so he thinks, and is no less apparent To th' vulgar eye, that he bears all things fairly And shows good husbandry fo
he GHOST Of YOUNG PRINCE EDWARD, son to HENRY THE SIXTH GHOST. [To RICHARD] Let me sit heavy on thy soul to-morrow! Thin
m, That he is open to incontinency. That's not my meaning. But breathe his faults so quaintly That they may seem the taints of liberty, The flash and outbreak of a fiery m
ch and tell us all about yourself, your household, and the effect which this advertisement had upon you
in blood; Not rascal-like to fall down with a pinch, But rather, moody-mad and desperate stags, Turn on the bloody ho
ht have given us some indications which would have helped us to clear the matter up." "I assure you that it was all a m
we have the marine. He was a man with some amount of self-importance and a certain air of command. You must have observed the way in which he held his head and sw
ld in the quarrel's right, rous'd to th' encounter, Or whether gasted by the noise I made, Full suddenly he fled. Glou. Let him fly far. Not in this land shall he
ll love Sir Thurio. THURIO. Therefore, as you unwind her love from him, Lest it should ravel and be good to none, You must provide to b
om our achievements, though perform'd at height, The pith and marrow of our attribute. So oft it chances in particular m
ne side of the fireplace was a heavy curtain, which covered the bay window we had seen from outside. On the other side was the door 
ss than fame hath bruited, And more than may be gathered by thy shape. Let my presumption not provoke thy wrath, For I am sorry that with reverence I did not en
ew that the old man's heart was weak and that a shock would kill him. So much he had learned from Dr. Mortimer. He had heard also that Sir Charles was superstitious and had taken this grim 
in that wooden bureau. Halloa! what is that scratch upon the face of it? Just hold a match, Watson. Why did you not tell me of this, Hopkins?" The mark which he was e
ow that you have reached the limit and must adapt yourself to the fact. They have, for example, their insular conventions which simply must be observed." "Meaning 'good form' and that sort of thi
ed the room as he spoke. Now he halted in the recess of the window. There was such a ring of conviction in his voice that I glanced up in surprise. "My dear fellow, how can yo
ed the woman that I loved. Well, gentlemen, I was standing with her just inside the window, in all innocence, as Heaven is my judge, when he rushed like a madman into the room, called her the vi
ar thee hence to Mantua. And this shall free thee from this present shame, If no inconstant toy nor womanish fear Abate thy 
re they not soured by the recollection of all that they had undergone. Among these men there was a stringent code of honou
ht this up, and if this splinter be poisonous Thaddeus may as well have made murderous use of it as any other man. The card is some hocus-pocu
ht thou knowest, affected be. CHIRON. Demetrius, thou dost over-ween in all; And so in this, to bear me down with braves. 'Tis not the difference of a year 
wn upon the head of it telling him that a lodge would be held upon a certain date, and that his presence at it was required and ordered. "That was bad enough, but worse was to come. I h
t- your pardon; The other, when she has obtain'd your eye, Will have your tongue too. This is a creature, Would she begin a sect, might quench the zeal Of all professors else, 
er, the mole in my neck, the great wart on my left arm, that I, amaz'd, ran from her as a witch. And, I think, if my breast had not been made of fait
ore times? O weary reckoning! CASSIO. Pardon me, Bianca. I have this while with leaden thoughts been press'd; But I shall in a more continuate time Strik
 on her way. ARMADO. What meanest thou? COSTARD. Faith, unless you play the honest Troyan, the poor wench is cast away. She's quick; the child brags in her belly alread
ows are all dark," remarked the inspector. "The house seems deserted." "Our birds are flown and the nest empty," said Holmes. "Why do you say so?" "A carriage heavily l
els with your drum, Turning the word to sword, and life to death. That man that sits within a monarch's h
est are those Whose blood and judgment are so well commingled That they are not a pipe for Fortune's
hat stay, When this was now a king, and now is clay? BASTARD. Art thou gone so? I do but stay behind To do the office for thee of rev
"Strange!" murmured Holmes, as he stood in the light of the window and examined them minutely. "Very strange indeed!" Stooping with one of
 By the kind gods, 'tis most ignobly done To pluck me by the beard. Reg. So white, and such a traitor! Glou. Naughty lady, These hairs which thou dost ravish from my chin Will quicken, and accuse th
ink I am not in the night; Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company, For you, in my respect, are all the world. Then how can it be said I am a
sty That Cardinal Beaufort is at point of death; For suddenly a grievous sickness took him That makes him gasp, and stare,
rum and trumpets and to London all; And more such days as these to us befall! Exeunt THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WOR
not bound. Fal. You rogue, they were bound, every man of them, or I am a Jew else- an Ebrew Jew. Gads. As we were sharing, some six or seven fresh men sea upon us- Fal. And unbo
And fairy-like, to pinch the unclean knight; And ask him why, that hour of fairy revel, In their so sacred paths he dares to tread In shape profane. MRS. FORD. And till he tell the truth, L
His household used to consist of an elderly housekeeper, Mrs. Marker, and of a maid, Susan Tarlton. These have both been with him since his arrival, and they seem to be women of e
tly know the instrument That screws me from my true place in your favour, Live you the marble-breasted tyrant still; But this your minion, whom I know you
pet of this plain. [NORTHUMBERLAND advances to the Castle, with a trumpet] Let's march without the noise of threat'ning drum, That from this castle's tottered battlements Our fair appointmen
ill the envious flood Stopp'd in my soul and would not let it forth To find the empty, vast, and wand'ring air; But smother'd it within my pant
 to the trainer's house, where they had supper in the kitchen, while the third, Ned Hunter, remained on guard. At a f
hat they found it on the moor on Tuesday morning. They know where he is, the rascals! Thank goodness, they are all safe under lock and key. Either the fear of the law
ock this door, leave things as we found them, go with this lady to her room, and form our opinion after we have heard what it is that
all thy treasure, with His bounty overplus. The messenger Came on my guard, and at thy tent is now Unloading of his mules. ENOBA
ame to be thought on. There is no honesty in such dealing; unless a woman should be made an ass and a beast, to bear every knave's wrong. Enter SIR JOHN F
did with desp'rate hand Fordo it own life. 'Twas of some estate. Couch we awhile, and mark. [Retires with Horatio.] Laer. What ceremony else? Ham. That is Laer
st." "Nothing?" "Not a bite. I had no time to think of it." "And how have you succeeded?" "Well." "You have a clue?" "I h
did, Mr. Holmes. It's my way. Shall I read it, Mr. Gregson?" The Londoner nodded. "The note is written upon ordinary cream-laid pape
ews. Ah, couldst thou fly! WARWICK. Why then, I would not fly. Ah, Montague, If thou be there, sweet brother, take my h
 and the noble lord has had the misfortune to get a smear of ink upon the outer side of his right little finger," remarked Holmes as he folded up the epistle. "He says four o'clock. It is three now. 
 and the strong little chin beneath it. Then I caught my breath as I read the time-honoured title of the
come to our notice. For example, there was that note which arrived during dinner. Did you chance to observe what became of it?" "Yes, I did. Garcia rolled it up and thr
alked it over, and he had fixed it all up so nicely, with a clergyman all ready in waiting, that we just did i
orget me when I am gone. DOLL. By my troth, thou't set me a-weeping, an thou say'st so. Prove that ever I dress myself handsome till thy return. Well,
with his shears and measure in his hand, Standing on slippers, which his nimble haste Had falsely thrust 
d in the most fantastic fashion. By his hand upon the table there lay a peculiar instrument,--a brown, close-grained stick, with a stone head like a ham
, and they cried to him to know if he had seen the hunt. And the man, as the story goes, was so craze
ears looking for it. No wonder that the grounds look like a gravel-pit." At that moment the door of the house burst open, and Thaddeus Sholto came running out, with his han
last the cab drew up at the third house in a new terrace. None of the other houses were inhabited, and t
 day I'll mark no words that smooth-fac'd wooers say. Come when the King doth to my lady come; Then, if I have much love, I'll give you some. DUMAI
seen and heard; but faintly, nothing like the image and horror of it. Pray you, away! Edg. Shall I hear from you anon? Edm. I do serve 
 the fault that was in me; For I should melt at an offender's tears, And lowly words were ransom for their fault. 
. He fights for the mere pleasure of fighting and is equally ready to take up either side of a question, so that it is no wonder that he has f
, If for my love, as there is no such cause, You will do aught- this shall you do for me: Your oath I will not trust; but go with speed To some forlorn and naked hermitage, Remote from
sent from Valentine, Deliver'd by a friend that came from him. ANTONIO. Lend me the letter; let me see what news. PROTEUS. There is no news, my lord; but that he writes How happily he lives, how well
g it from the coroner's inquiry is that a man of science shrinks from placing himself in the public position of seemin
e so great and so forlorn May hold together. On her frights and griefs, Which never tender lady hath borne greater, She is, some
ould have made, and were evidently quite fresh. It rained hard this afternoon, as you know, and my patients were the only people who called. It must have been the case, t
 and his eyes sparkling with mischief, watching my intellectual entanglement. The mere sight of his excellent appeti
Very long and very severe were the equinoctial gales that year. We waited long for news of the Lone Star of Savannah, but none ever reached us. We did a
r As one man more methinks would share from me For the best hope I have. O, do not wish one more! Rather proclaim it, Westmoreland, t
 was she who broke the silence. "I thought it was father," said she with a pleasing little touch of a German accent. "Did you come to see him? He is 
race that I may know The worst that may befall me in this case, If I refuse to wed Demetrius. THESEUS. Either to die the death, or to abjure For ever the society of men. There
e to that chamber; there I'll lie; In that Jerusalem shall Harry die. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRA
fact that he slipped a revolver into his pocket before leaving our rooms which impressed me with the feeling that tragedy might prove to lurk behind this curious trai
that the danger from Hudson had become imminent. I found it in the Japanese cabinet, as he told the doctor. Take it and read it to me, for I have neither the strength nor the courag
. As the major expressed it, the smile had often been struck from his mouth, as if by some invisible hand, when he has been joining the gaieties and chaff of the mess-table. For
hing they tried to divert suspicion by making it appear to be an ordinary burglary, to which end they carried off whatever the
fore this truce, but new before, No longer than we well could wash our hands, To clap this royal bargain up of peace, Heaven knows, they were besmear'd and overstain'd With slaughter's 
s. I took two steps forward and looked back. It took all my self-control to prevent me from breaking out into a cry of astonishment. He had turned his back so that none could
d so will I. PLANTAGENET. Thanks, gentle sir. Come, let us four to dinner. I dare say This quarrel will drink blood another day. Exeunt SCENE 5. The Tower of Londo
oins with yours. LEWIS. And mine with hers, and thine, and Margaret's. Therefore, at last, I firmly am resolv'd You shall have aid. QUEEN MARGARET. Let me give humble thanks for al
ck o' th' ulcer! Hamlet comes back. What would you undertake To show yourself your father's son in deed More than in words? Laer. To cut his throat i' th' church! King. No 
iage, and now, as you perceive, it has returned after me. Of course, I had at the outset no particular reason to connect these journeys with the disappearance of Godfrey Staunton, and was onl
d in. He seemed to me to be pale and bothered. I asked him what was the matter. He said he was all right--just a touch of headache. I bade him good-night and 
 LUCIUS. Let him come near. Welcome, Aemilius. What's the news from Rome? AEMILIUS. Lord Lucius, and you Princes of the Goths, The Roman Emperor greets you all by
 wind and tempest of her frown Distinction, with a broad and powerful fan, Puffing at all, winnows the light away; And what hath mass or matter by i
ehind the bulky form which followed him and carefully adjusted the heavy curtain over the latticed window. Only when all these prec
slike the man," McMurdo answered. "As to being disloyal, if it was any man but you he would not use the word to me twice." "Well, that's enough," said Mc
er when I am once upon the spot, and until then I cannot really see how we can get much further than our 
n, and the scene Is now transported, gentles, to Southampton; There is the play-house now, there must you sit, And thence to France shall we convey 
 that the enclosure must be acres and acres. There is a modern part, which took all our garrison, women, children, stores, and everything else, with plenty of room over. But the 
ility and we cannot afford to disregard it. We shall see the noble lord to-day and find out if he can tell us anything. Meanwhile I have already set inquiries on foot." "Already?" "Yes, I sen
y the Lord Of Westmoreland. Hot. Lord Douglas, go you and tell him so. Doug. Marry, and shall, and very willingly. Exit. Wor. There is no seeming mercy in the King. Ho
wn'd; and these are devils. O, defend me! STEPHANO. Four legs and two voices; a most delicate monster! His forward voice, now, is to speak well of his 
rters been as safely kept As that whereof I had the government, We had not been thus shamefully surpris'd. BASTARD. Mine w
 stir forth today. Plucking the entrails of an offering forth, They could not find a heart within the beast. CAESAR. The gods do this in 
ave a good eye, uncle; I can see a church by daylight. Leon. The revellers are ent'ring, brother. Make good room. [Exit 
might have still held off, And then you would have tarried. Hark! there's one up. PANDARUS. [Within] What's all the doors open here? TROILUS. It is your uncle.
uring heart, Who, in the conflict that it holds with death, Attracts the same for aidance 'gainst the enemy, Which with the heart there cools, and ne'er returneth To blush and beautify t
 none of that: that have I told my love, In glory of my kinsman Hercules. 'The riot of the tipsy Bacchanals, Tearin
 what said Surrey then? RATCLIFF. He smil'd, and said 'The better for our purpose.' KING He was in the right; and so indeed it is. [Clock strikes] Tell t
gings that I knew he had something on hand. The fact that several rough-looking men called during that time and inquired for Captain Basil made
rs in the face." The girl laughed with joy. "Six months!" she cried. "Is it a promise?" "Well, it may be seven or eight. But within a year at the furthest we will leave t
 with the police, and next morning we advertised in all the papers. Our inquiries let to no result; and from that day to this no word has ever been
. And this shall free thee from this present shame, If no inconstant toy nor womanish fear Abate thy valour in the acting it. Jul. Give me, give me! O, tell not me of fear! Friar.
at it were not his. SOLANIO. You were best to tell Antonio what you hear; Yet do not suddenly, for it may grieve him. SALERI
 loan with interest Of ten times double gain of happiness. Go, then, my mother, to thy daughter go; Make bold her bashful years with your 
e air with us? ULYSSES. Things small as nothing, for request's sake only, He makes important; possess'd he is with greatness, And speaks not to himself but with a pride That q
h. If you, Hortensio, Or, Signior Gremio, you, know any such, Prefer them hither; for to cunning men I will be very kind, and liberal To mine own children in good bringing-up; And so, farewell.
still your fingers on your lips, I pray. The time is out of joint. O cursed spite That ever I was born to set it right! Nay, come, let's go together. Exeunt. <<THIS ELECT
worms, And stop this gap of breath with fulsome dust, And be a carrion monster like thyself. Come, grin on me, and I will think thou sm
 lost, and I'd defy them all. Wither, garden, and be henceforth a burying place to all that do dwell in this house, because the unconquered soul of Cade is fled. IDEN. Is't C
d out, and I only mentioned the matter to my wife afterwards. To my surprise she took it very seriously, and begged me if any more came to let
ng on, and I want to help that unhappy man if I can. I told the whole story to Mr. Mycroft Holmes next morning, and subsequently to the police." We all sat in silence for some little time
nkled, and there was even a touch of colour upon his sallow cheeks. He hastened upstairs, and a few minutes later I heard the sla
. SUFFOLK. And free us from his slavery. NORFOLK. We had need pray, and heartily, for our deliverance; Or this imperious man will work us an From princes into pages. All men's ho
 grace and person of my master, Stocking his messenger. Corn. Fetch forth the stocks! As I have life and honour, There shall he sit till noon. Reg. Till no
 garden?" "No, here." "Here! When?" "This instant." "You are surely joking, Mr. Sherlock Holmes. You compel me to tell you t
 of what I tell you is no doubt quite irrelevant, but still I feel that it is best that I should let you have all the facts and leave you to select for yourself those which will be of most servic
e taking down shutters and brushing door-steps. At the square-topped corner public houses business was just beginning, and rough-looking men were emerging, rubbing thei
ows in the house--it commands the nearest outlook on the moor. There is an opening between two trees which enables one from t
r upon the sideboard, and there are cigars in the box." The official detective was attired in a pea-jacket and cravat, which gave him a decidedly nautical appearance, a
for so the season bids us be, Prepare thy battle early in the morning, And put thy fortune to the arbitrement Of
y owes and our power claims; Or I will throw thee from my care for ever Into the staggers and the careless lapse Of youth and ignorance; both my revenge and 
 caves and womby vaultages of France Shall chide your trespass and return your mock In second accent of his ordinance. DAUPHIN. Say, if my father rende
. 'Tis pity- PAROLLES. What's pity? HELENA. That wishing well had not a body in't Which might be felt; that we, the poo
he absence of the latter means nothing, though its presence may mean everything," said Holmes. "Unless the powde
do buss the clouds, Must kiss their own feet. HECTOR. I must not believe you. There they stand yet; and modestly I think The fall of every Phrygian stone 
he must herself assay? Or forced examples, 'gainst her own content, To put the by-past perils in her way? Counsel may stop awhile what will not stay; For when we rage, advice is often seen By
er out of sight of some one or other. So it could not be he who climbed over roofs and through trap-doors. It's a very dark case, and my professional credit is at s
fright the hopeful mother at the view, And that be heir to his unhappiness! If ever he have wife, let her be made More miserable by the death of him Than I am made by my young lord and t
xeunt. Enter the Maskers, Enter, [with Servants,] Capulet, his Wife, Juliet, Tybalt, and all the Gues
f mine That had to him deriv'd your anger did Continue in my liking? Nay, gave notice He was from thence discharg'd? Sir, call to mind That I have been 
A. His bloody brow? O Jupiter, no blood! VOLUMNIA. Away, you fool! It more becomes a man Than gilt his trophy. The breasts 
s That great Northumberland, then false to him, Would of that seed grow to a greater falseness; Which should not find a ground to root upon Unless on you. KIN
fly at his approach, for he is a man of immense strength, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger. "Last week he hurled the loca
twould offend him; and in his offence Should my performance perish. SILIUS. Thou hast, Ventidius, that Without the which a soldier and hi
e, and that I was well-nigh certain that some foul plot had been woven round him. "In this sinister way I came into my inheritance. You will ask me why I did not disp
n time that it has everything to do with it. I shall now add a little milk to make the mixture palatable, and on presenting it to the dog we find that he laps it up readily enough." As he spoke he 
e, and the plaster over the face had been for the purpose of making recognition difficult in case she should ever catch a glimpse of him. Her feminine
ial to the success of the side. It may, of course, be coincidence, but it is interesting. Amateur sport is free f
herald thee into his sight, Not pay thee. ROSS. And for an earnest of a greater honor, He bade me, from him, call thee Thane of Cawdor. In which addition, hail, most worthy Thane
r when they hold 'em, you would swear directly Their very noses had been counsellors To Pepin or Clotharius, they keep state so. SANDYS. Th
ettles this exit. Then no doubt the lady went out the way she came. I understand that this other pas
erform upon The unguarded Duncan? What not put upon His spongy officers, who shall bear the guilt Of our great quell? MACBETH. Bring forth
we are well fortified, And strong enough to issue out and fight. If thou retire, the Dauphin, well appointed, Stands with the snares of war 
e they were nothing but warnings, which were suddenly interrupted. It is very clear to me now that he knew Gorgiano to be close upon him, and that, thank God! he was ready for him when he came. An
y-nine when I married. We were just as happy as the day was long when we set up house together, and in all Liverpool there was 
before you came. It has been found in the front garden of an empty house in Campden House Road. It was broken into fragments. I am going round now to see it. Will you co
ted to you. Pray tell me in what way I can reward you. This ring--" He slipped an emerald snake ring from his finger and held it out upon the 
omb Of your dear mother England, blush for shame; For your own ladies and pale-visag'd maids, Like Amazons, come tripping 
ically." "I confess," said I, "that I do not quite follow you." "I hardly expected that you would. Let me
nplace." I smiled and shook my head. "I can quite understand your thinking so." I said. "Of course, in your position of unofficial adviser and helper to everybody who is absolutely puzzled,
 admiration from the miners at the dauntless demeanour of the newcomer, while the two policemen shrugged their shoulders and renewed a conversation between themselves. A few minutes later 
les and the curious voice, which both hinted at a disguise, as did the bushy whiskers. My suspicions were all confirm
aud. We had lik'd to have had our two noses snapp'd off with two old men without teeth. Pedro. Leonato and his brother. What think'st thou? Had w
extreme. "I have seen nothing of my horse," said he. "I suppose that you would know him when you saw him?" asked Holmes. The Colonel was very angry.
ther person who for our immediate purpose may be even more important. Henderson has two children--girls of el
 Volumes of report Run with these false, and most contrarious quest Upon thy doings. Thousand escapes of wit M
 pursuing. It may give us nothing. I cannot tell. But at least I shall follow it to the end." Several letters were waiting for Holmes at Baker Street
ned, are the rough draft. Mr. Jonas Oldacre then informed me that there were a number of documents--building leases, title-deeds, m
awing-room, which is a very large room, stretching along the entire front of the house, with three long windows reaching down to the floor. A chair had been placed close to th
n Senators, Patricians, Aediles, Lictors, Soldiers, Citizens, Messengers, Servants to Aufidius, and other Attendants <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEA
I think 'tis now some seven o'clock, And well we may come there by dinner-time. KATHERINA. I dare assure you, sir, 'tis almost t
 again! I'll speak of her no more, nor of your children; I'll not remember you of my own lord, Who is lost too. Take your patience to you, An
o thee? Rom. By the hour of nine. Jul. I will not fail. 'Tis twenty years till then. I have forgot why I did call thee back. Rom. Let me stan
e fell. With that they all did tumble on the ground, With such a zealous laughter, so profound, That in this spleen ridiculous appears, To che
him on; York should have sent him aid. LUCY. And York as fast upon your Grace exclaims, Swearing that you withhold his levied host, Collect
 there, and had asked the servant to call her if I should return. Tingling with anger, I rushed down and hurried across, determined to end the matter once and forever. I saw my wi
l notes and telegrams, and to act on your own judgment if any news should come. Can I rely upon you?" "Most certainly." "I am afraid that you will not be able to wire to me, for I can
avesend by a man with a dirty thumb. Ha! And the flap has been gummed, if I am not very much in error, by a person who had been chewing tobac
worn to do it; And with hot irons must I burn them out. ARTHUR. Ah, none but in this iron age would do it! The iron of itself, though heat red-hot, Approaching near
his was found." "How do they account for it?" "They shuffled and lied--said that they found it on the moor on Tuesday morning. They know where he is, the rascals! Thank goodness, 
 honour from me. This from thee Will I to mine leave as 'tis left to me. Exit KING. Warwick! Gloucester! Clarence! Re-enter WARWICK, GLOUCESTER, CLARENCE 
ce came from the Dauphin, And brings from him such offers of our peace As we with honour and respect may take, With purpose presently to leave this war. BASTARD. He will the rather do 
eart of great, hand-made London we were forced to raise our minds for the instant from the routine of life and to recognise the presence of those great elemental forces
I. "Nor have I. But the telegraph posts upon this line are sixty yards apart, and the calculation is a simple one. I presume that you have looked into this matte
thought of this from Henry's heart, To make a shambles of the parliament house! Cousin of Exeter, frowns, words, and threats, Shall be the war that Henry means to use. Thou factious Duke of York, des
Glou. I shall, my liege. Exeunt [Gloucester and Edmund]. Lear. Meantime we shall express our darker purpose. Give me the map there. Know we have divided In three our kingdom; and 'tis our fas
r Grace that I may know The worst that may befall me in this case, If I refuse to wed Demetrius. THESEUS. Either to die the death, or to abjure For ever the society of men. Therefore, fair Her
flected that since he had certainly been in London some time--as we had evidence that he maintained a continual watch over Pondicherry Lodge--he could hardly leave at a moment's
her arm that you saw this morning, but I know very well that they come from a stab with a hat-pin. The sly fiend--Heaven forgive me that I should speak of him so, now that he is dea
do obey thee till I give thee bail. But, sirrah, you shall buy this sport as dear As all the metal in your s
ll give them to brother Bob." "You'll see prettier things than them soon," said the man confidently. "You jus
ce that they should not be reminded of the existence of this paper, otherwise they would naturally destroy it without delay. The Inspector was about to tel
ance in this troop? I know she is not; for this match made up Her presence would have interrupted mu
for, if thou be'st capable of things serious, thou must know the King is full of grief. SHEPHERD. So 'tis said, sir- about his son, that should have married 
 manage to thy bounding steed, Cry 'Courage! to the field!' And thou hast talk'd Of sallies and retires, of trenches, tent, Of palisadoes, frontiers,
LIA. In what you please; I'll do what I can. PROTEUS..I hope thou wilt. [To LAUNCE] How now, you whoreson peasant! Where have you been t
ad been with me for two years, and came with the best references; but he was a silent, morose man, not very 
stain'd with mud; This goodly summer with your winter mix'd. You kill'd her husband; and for that vile fault Two of her brothers were condemn'd to deat
ogether with satisfaction. "Don't you think that is an admirable sentiment?" Dr. Mortimer looked at Holmes with an air of professional interest
illain! you thief! How dare you touch that coronet?' "The gas was half up, as I had left it, and my unhappy boy, dressed only in his shirt and trousers, was standing beside the light, hol
 but if you were on the mantelpiece you would see that it is cut clean off without any mark of fraying whatev
isiting your Highness. My best train I have from your Sicilian shores dismiss'd; Who for Bohemia bend, to 
ve laid your heads together- Myself had notice of your conventicles- And all to make away my guiltless life. I shall not want false witness to condemn me Nor store of tr
eal, to your unmatched mind, Care of your food and living; and believe it, My most honour'd lord, For any benefit that points to me, Either in hope or present, I'd exchange For this o
 ground, and so let me. You cannot better be employ'd, Bassanio, Than to live still, and write mine epitaph. Enter NERISSA dressed like 
th down, and the judges pass by him with the prisoners, and exeunt] For these, Tribunes, in the dust I write My heart's deep languor and my soul's sad tears. Let my tears stanch the earth's dry 
to ride, and weapons to wear; But mice and rats, and such small deer, Have been Tom's food for seven long year. Beware my follower. Peace, Smulkin! peace, thou fiend! G
 imagination bodies forth The forms of things unknown, the poet's pen Turns them to shapes, and gives to airy nothing A local habitation and a name. Such tricks hath strong
nvestigations. I prayed, as I walked back along the gray, lonely road, that my friend might soon be freed from his preoccupations and able to come down to 
LSEY. He tells you rightly. QUEEN KATHARINE. Ye tell me what ye wish for both-my ruin. Is this your Christian counsel? Out upon ye! Heaven is above all yet: there sits a Judge That no king can corru
d I hate thee; Pronounce thee a gross lout, a mindless slave, Or else a hovering temporizer that Canst with thine eyes at once see good and evil, Inc
there he was to pick me up. I gave him directions to have several gourds of water and a lot of yams, cocoa-nuts, and sweet potatoes. "He was stanch and true, was little 
fter using it to set the hound upon the track. He fled when he knew the game was up, still clutching it. And he hurled it away at
led. "You've been asking for it this many a day, Ted Baldwin--now you've got it!" cried McGinty, his huge chest rising and falling. "Maybe you think if I was voted down from B
ttle tire thee more Than all the complete armour that thou wear'st! My prayers on the adverse party fight; And there the little sou
 huge as the rascal. Is the single man therefore blessed? No; as a wall'd town is more worthier than a village, so is the forehead of a 
? Thrust it into his pocket, most likely, never noticing that a corner of it had been left in the grip of the corpse. If we could get the rest of that sheet it is obvious that we should hav
ever gave them condign punishment. Murder indeed, that bloody sin, I tortur'd Above the felon or what trespass else. SUFFOLK. My l
terance. "But for God's sake do what I ask you. Go back and never set foot upon the moor again." "But I have
inies in a man's bosom; it fills a man full of obstacles: it made me once restore a purse of gold that-by chance I found. It beggars any man t
r On all that need. Let me report to him Your sweet dependency, and you shall find A conqueror that will pray in aid for kindness Where he for grace is
. I know thee not. Thy name? CORIOLANUS. My name is Caius Marcius, who hath done To thee particularly, and to all the Volsces, Great hurt and misc
efore do they cry, though you forbid, That they will guard you, whe'er you will or no, From such fell 
TANO. It were well The general were put in mind of it. Perhaps he sees it not, or his good nature Prizes the virtue that appears in Cass
s dread; your greatness Hath not been us'd to fear. Even now I tremble To think your father, by some accident, Should pass this way, as y
ch is in your possession.' Is that right?" "Certainly." "I was very much surprised at your letter, for I could not imagine how you knew that I ow
s esteem, And gives thy pen both skill and argument. Rise resty Muse, my love's sweet face survey, If time have any wrinkle graven there, If any, be a satire to decay, And make time's 
o higher. Now, good Sir John, how like you Windsor wives? See you these, husband? Do not these fair yokes Become the forest better than the town? FORD. Now,
aves him. The Queen returns, finds the King dead, and makes passionate action. The Poisoner with some three or four Mutes, comes in again, seem to condole with h
NE, BELARIUS, GUIDERIUS, ARVIRAGUS, PISANIO, and Roman captives. The CAPTAINS present POSTHUMUS to CYMBELINE, who deliver
"What did he get?" "The man lived and he got off with a year. I have no doubt he is out now; but he has not dared to
shed face and glazed, blood-shot eyes told of sleeplessness and drink. He and his two comrades had spent the night befor
hite face, he retraced his steps to where he had dropped the food, and having stirred up the smouldering fire, he cooked enough to las
a tree in his hand. What is this, That rises like the issue of a king, And wears upon his baby brow the round And top of sovereignty? ALL. Listen, but speak not to't. THIRD A
able than the ordinary departmental papers in my despatch-box." "Who did know of the existence of that letter?" "No one in the house." "Surely your wife knew?" "No, sir; I had sa
. That is the true story, gentlemen, of all that occurred." "Well, it is not for me to judge you," said Holmes as the old man sign
n take it off." The small change was made, we stepped on board, and the ropes were cast off. Jones, Holmes, and I sat in the stern. There was one man at the rudder, one to ten
st go with thee, For in Baptista's keep my treasure is. He hath the jewel of my life in hold, His youngest daughter, beautiful Bianca; And her withholds from me, and other more, S
ed, I say 'tis so, 'tis true, And to the most of praise add something more, But that is in my thought, whose love to you (Though words come hindmost) holds his
emy town. I'll enter. If he slay me, He does fair justice: if he give me way, I'll do his country service. SCENE V. Antium. AUFIDIUS' house Music plays. Enter
Rosalind. ROSALIND. Yes, faith, will I, Fridays and Saturdays, and all. ORLANDO. And wilt thou have me? ROSAL
 distrait and strange than before. He gave up all pretence at conversation and sat, smoking endless cigarettes, lost in his own thoughts, but he made no rem
 him in a chair, you say; which chair?" "By the window there." "I see. Near this little table. You can come in now. I have finished with the carp
ind in my heart that I had not a hard heart, for truly I love none. Beat. A dear happiness to women! They would else have been troubled with a pernicious suitor. I than
buried in his hands. There was a long silence, broken only by his heavy breathing and by the measured t
t a doubt of that," said Holmes heartily. "Now, gentlemen," the Inspector remarked gravely, "the forms of the law must be complied with. On Thursda
owers and that he was easy in his mind. I was not sure whether he had seen what was only too obvious from my position, that the
d through the silent night the saddest and most pitiful of sounds,--the shrill, broken whimpering of a frightened woman. "It is M
on? Could your patients spare you for a few hours?" "I have nothing to do to-day. My practice is never very absorbing." "Then put on your hat and come. I am going through the City first, and we 
, PERDITA, and CAMILLO AUTOLYCUS. I understand the business, I hear it. To have an open ear, a quick eye, and a nimble hand, is necessary for a cut-purse; a good nose is r
ghtingale. Say that she frown; I'll say she looks as clear As morning roses newly wash'd with dew. Say she
eper was able to corroborate the story. Mitton had been in Lucas's employment for three years. It was noticeable that Lucas did not take Mi
 "What did he get?" "The man lived and he got off with a year. I have no doubt he is out now; but he has not dared to sho
hat strike one is the obvious possibility that the person now in the rooms may be entirely different from the one who engaged them."
me that he was off once more upon his congenial hunt. I waited until midnight, but there was no sign of his return, so I retired to m
 otherwise you might slip away ere he came. But what make you here? FALSTAFF. What shall I do? I'll creep up into the chimney. MRS. FORD. There they alway
mething in his hand. The constable stared intently. "Good Lord, sir!" he cried, with amazement on his fac
ined us in the Colonel's smoking-room. He was accompanied by a little elderly gentleman, who was introduced to me as the Mr. Acton whose house had been the scene of the or
n such a night Did pretty Jessica, like a little shrew, Slander her love, and he forgave it her. JESSICA. I would out-night you, did no body come; But, hark, I hear the footi
mended. Write, write, that from the bloody course of war My dearest master, your dear son, may hie. Bless him at home 
 He brightened and rubbed his thin hands together as he listened to the meagre but remarkable details. A long series of sterile weeks lay behind us, and here at 
t going to begin at the beginning. That's all there," he indicated my bundle of papers, "and a mighty queer yarn you'll find it. It all comes down to this: That
d man, and have been so for three years. During that time my wife and I have loved each other as fondly and lived as h
ently They have proclaim'd their malefactions; For murther, though it have no tongue, will speak With most miraculous organ, I'll have these Players Play something like the mur
ers bowed, his lips compressed, and the veins stood out like whipcord in his long, sinewy neck. His nostri
ave change of this five-pound note." A lad of fourteen, with a bright, keen face, had obeyed the summons of the manager. He stood now gazin
it were so that our request did tend To save the Romans, thereby to destroy The Volsces whom you serve, you might condemn us As poisonous of your honour. No, our suit Is that you reconcile them: whil
se denying that there is something on my mind. And yet it is such an absurd business that I hesitated to bother you about it. On the other
s, ringing the bell. "You will show these gentlemen out, Mrs. Hudson, and kindly send the boy with this telegram. He is to pay a five-shilling reply." 
e light of the candle from over the rock--the face of Selden, the criminal. Then in an instant it was all clear to me. I remem
out during the last hour." The inspector laughed. "I saw the wheel-tracks in the light of the gate-lamp, but whe
ends As is the morn-dew on the myrtle leaf To his grand sea. CAESAR. Be't so. Declare thine office. EUPHRONIUS. Lord of his fortunes he salutes thee, a
pe, closed the window, and made off the way that he had come. "I don't know that I have anything else to tell you. I had heard a waterman sp
se against this very wily man. But I shall be very much surprised if it is not clear enough before we go to bed this night." T
RUS. Ay, a token from Troilus. CRESSIDA. By the same token, you are a bawd. Exit PANDARUS Words, vows, gifts, 
estive. So were the tinted spectacles and the curious voice, which both hinted at a disguise, as did the bushy whiskers. My suspicions were all confirmed by his peculiar action in typewriting his 
ut thought will do't, I feel. I fight against thee? No! I will go seek Some ditch wherein to die; the foul'st best fits My lat
asts, keep with Bohemia And with your queen. I am his cupbearer; If from me he have wholesome beverage, Account me not your servant. LEONTES. This is all: Do't
 I promise you, I fear you. I was always plain with you, and so now I speak my agitation of the matter; therefore be o' good cheer, for truly I think you are d
ALIND. Did your brother tell you how I counterfeited to swoon when he show'd me your handkercher? ORLANDO. Ay, and greater wonde
 door upon your own liberty, if you deny your griefs to your friend. Ham. Sir, I lack advancement. Ros. How can that be, when you have the voice of the King hims
e night in your room, and we shall investigate the cause of this noise which has disturbed you." "I believe, Mr. Holmes, that you have already made up your mind," said Miss Ston
 honour in your wars to seem The same you are not, which for your best ends You adopt your policy, h
 readiness, and am the man, I think, that shall set them in present action. So, sir, heartily well met, and most glad of your company. VOLSCE. You take my part from me, sir. I have t
his family, and certainly the records which he was able to give of his ancestors were not encouraging. The idea of some ghastly presence constantly haunted him, and 
, gestures, and light behavior Quite in the wrong. How do you now, lieutenant? CASSIO. The worser that you give me the addition Whose want even kills me. IAGO. Ply Desdemona well, and y
s plessing, and your friend, and Justice Shallow; and here young Master Slender, that peradventures sh
not Samson, nor Sir Guy, nor Colbrand, To mow 'em down before me; but if I spar'd any That had a head to hit, either young or old, He or she, cuckold or
ide him, patted his hand and chatted with him in the easy, soothing tones which he knew so well how to employ. "You have come to me to tell your story, have you not?" said h
elings, and his so-called wife, an Englishwoman named Fraser, is a worthy helpmate. The nature of his tactics suggested his id
oked inside the envelope. 'So it is,' he cried. 'Here are the very letters. But what is this written above them?' "'Put the papers on the sundial,' I r
ive now, This sight would make him do a desperate turn, Yea, curse his better angel from his side, And fall to rep
with us, bid them come down Or void the field; they do offend our sight. If they'll do neither, we will come to them And make 
t fights by the book of arithmetic! Why the devil came you between us? I was hurt under your arm. Rom. I thoug
is complete and absorbed silence. He sat coiled in his armchair, his haggard and ascetic face hardly visible amid the blu
st prairies and the most lush water pastures were valueless compared to this gloomy land of black crag and tangled forest. Above the dark and often scarcely pen
ints itself black, to imitate her brow. DUMAIN. To look like her are chimney-sweepers black. LONGAVILLE. And since her time are colliers counted bright.
apacity and breeding; his employment between his lord and my niece confirms no less. Therefore this letter, being so excellently ignorant, will breed no terror in the youth: h
re this, If for my love, as there is no such cause, You will do aught- this shall you do for me: Your oath I will not trus
ffers shall make coats To deck our soldiers for these Irish wars. Come, gentlemen, let's all go visit him. Pray God we may make haste, and come too
RER. We are men, my liege. MACBETH. Ay, in the catalogue ye go for men, As hounds and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, c
or To treat of high affairs touching that time. Th' advantage of his absence took the King, And in the meantime sojourn'd at my father's; Where how he did prevail I shame to speak- But tr
 to a woman that I loved?" "I should say not." "He can't object to my worldly position, so it must be myself that he has this down on. What has he against me? I never hurt man or woma
se end, and that he would do me a good turn by offering me a clerkship in a dry goods store." "Oh, that was it?" "Ye
notes I see that it was upon the 14th of April that I received a telegram from Lyons which informed m
uching over the blazing fire, while the three animals stood motionless in the back-ground. Then the intervening rocks hid them from his view. He
eetly, then they name her name, And Rosaline they call her. Ask for her, And to her white hand see thou
e door, sir, and I could hear him. At last he outs into the passage, and he cries, 'Is that man never goin' to come?' T
the village, and the folks would fly at his approach, for he is a man of immense strength, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger. "Last wee
usand. It was to save myself from ruin. But as to murder, I am as innocent as you." "What happened, then?" "He had his susp
rushed the cross bar of the doorway, and his breadth seemed to span it across from side to side. A large face, seared with a thousand wrinkles, b
ith his hand and smiles on me, As who should say 'When I am dead and gone, Remember to avenge me on the French.' Plantagenet, I will; and like thee, Nero, P
igher toward the north He first presents his fire, and the high east Stands as the Capitol, directly here. BRUTUS. Give me your hands all over, one by one. CASSIUS. And let us swear our resolution. B
flushed face and glazed, blood-shot eyes told of sleeplessness and drink. He and his two comrades had spent the 
Baldwin," he said. "You and I have had our differences, but you have said the true word to-night." "Where is he, then? Where shall we know him?" "Eminent Bodymaster," 
beasts closed in behind her, and she found herself completely imbedded in the moving stream of fierce-eyed, long-horned bullocks. Accustomed as 
liff, come hither. Post to Salisbury; When thou com'st thither- [To CATESBY] Dull, unmindfull villain, Why stay'st thou here, and go'st not to the D
 ever Hector and Achilles meet; For both our honour and our shame in this Are dogg'd with two strange followers. NESTOR. I see them
ou cataracts and hurricanoes, spout Till you have drench'd our steeples, drown'd the cocks! You sulph'rous and thought-executing fires, Vaunt-couriers to oak-cleaving th
ruck me that it would be wise to secure our retreat through the outer door, so I examined it. To my amazement it was neither locked nor bolted! I touc
crouching at the window, candle in hand, his white, intent face pressed against the pane, exactly as I had s
ught, To let thy tongue detect thy base-born heart? EDWARD. A wisp of straw were worth a thousand crowns To make this shameless callet know herself. Helen of Greece was fairer far than thou, Alth
 I said. "If I am to lodge with anyone, I should prefer a man of studious and quiet habits. I am not strong en
e as a maid, I can create the rest. Virtue and she Is her own dower; honour and wealth from me. BERTRAM. I cannot love her, nor will str
 happy time. Lord. The Queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to Laertes before you fall to play. Ham. She well instructs me. [Exit Lord.] Hor
neering eyes and a curved hawk-bill of a nose looked savagely at the pair who sat by the stove. Ettie had jumped to her feet full of confusion and alar
 Let Richard be restored to his blood; So shall his father's wrongs be recompens'd. WINCHESTER. As will the rest, so wil
s stanch the earth's dry appetite; My sons' sweet blood will make it shame and blush. O earth, I will befriend thee more with rain That shall distil from these two ancient urns, Than youthful Ap
 follow this good man, and go with you; And, having sworn truth, ever will be true. OLIVIA. Then lead the way, good father; and heavens so shine That
ROWNE. Yet I have a trick Of the old rage; bear with me, I am sick; I'll leave it by degrees. Soft, let us see- Write 'Lord have mercy on us' on those three; They are infected; in their
terview with him, and finding that he would not tell me the story, I told it to him, on which he had to c
ow could you know all that?" "Never mind," said Holmes, laughing; "it is my business to know things. Perhaps
OU do ill to teach the child such words. He teaches him to hick and to hack, which they'll do fast enough of themselves; 
urse of them that I contracted this complaint. You can do nothing." "Possibly not. But I happen to know that Dr. Ainstree, the greatest living authority upon tropical di
f coming for that reason, and then he would write me such penitent, imploring letters that I just had to. But you can take it from me, gentlemen, if it was my last word, that no man ever had a more 
There, then, that vizard; that superfluous case That hid the worse and show'd the better face. KING. We were descried; they'll mock us now downright. DUMAIN. Let us conf
killing, and they had shown the Scowrers of Gilmerton that the Vermissa men were to be relied upon. There had been one contretemps; for a man and his wife had driven up while they were sti
d tremble at this chance, That are but mutes or audience to this act, Had I but time (as this fell sergeant, Death, Is strict in his arrest) O
 I pray you, what is't o'clock? ORLANDO. You should ask me what time o' day; there's no clock in the forest.
eadland with wheat? SHALLOW. With red wheat, Davy. But for William cook- are there no young pigeons? DAVY. Yes, sir. Here is now the smith's note for 
ase; Hang up your ensigns, let your drums be still, For here we entertain a solemn peace. Exeunt SCENE 5. London. The pal
ite crystals, and then added some drops of a transparent fluid. In an instant the contents assumed a dull mahogany colour, and a brownish dust was pr
ety cast him, for he's embark'd With such loud reason to the Cyprus wars, Which even now stands in act, that, for their souls, Another of his fathom they have no
SUS. What mean you, sir? For God's sake hold your hands! Nay, an you will not, sir, I'll take my heels.
 here?' asked the lad. "'It's business that may put something into your pocket,' said the other. 'You've two horses in for the Wessex Cup--Silver Blaze and
 in men. Give him thy daughter: What you bestow, in him I'll counterpoise, And make him weigh with h
 were the one man in London who could help him." The little man started, and the jaunty smoking-cap slid to the floor. "Why?" he asked. "Why should
stood that he was taken. The candle was re-lit, and there was our wretched captive shivering and cowering in the grasp of the de
A cutpurse of the empire and the rule, That from a shelf the precious diadem stole And put it in his pocket! Queen. No more! Ente
same ear. "In the first place, her sister's name was Sarah, and her address had until recently been the same, so that it was quit
h weighs upon the heart? DOCTOR. Therein the patient Must minister to himself. MACBETH. Throw physic to the dogs, 
 thou wert Protector to thy King. QUEEN. I see no reason why a king of years Should be to be protected 
ancient lords and reverend Bishops on To bloody battles and to bruising arms. What never-dying honour hath he got Against renowmed Douglas! whose high deeds, Whose hot
your hands is the man who holds the clue of this mystery, and whom we are seeking. There is no use of arguing about it now; I tell you that it is so. Come along, Doctor." We star
s we are ourselves, what things are we! FIRST LORD. Merely our own traitors. And as in the common course of all treasons we still see them reveal themselves 
which he lost his life. Possibly he tried to leave the carriage, fell out on the line, and so met his end. The other closed the door. There was a thick fog, and nothing could be
 of the Duke: Jove sometime went disguis'd, and why not I? LIEUTENANT. But Jove was never slain, as thou shalt be. SUFFOLK. Obscure and lo
 chamberlain, Will put thy shirt on warm? Will these moist trees, That have outliv'd the eagle, page thy heels And skip
t it is clean and good. The man will carry your bags. This way, gentlemen, if you please." He was a very bustling and genial person, this Sussex detective. In ten minutes we ha
whom my tears have made me blind. I am as woeful as Virginius was, And have a thousand times more cause than he To do this outrage; and it now is done. SATURNINUS. What, was she ravish
oombe Tracey, have you?" "Yes." "To see Mrs. Laura Lyons?" "Exactly." "Well done! Our researches have evidently been running on parall
s, repose you here in rest, Secure from worldly chances and mishaps! Here lurks no treason, here no envy swells, Here grow no damned dr
itiful sight! here lies the County slain; And Juliet bleeding, warm, and newly dead, Who here hath lain this two days buried. Go, tell the Prince; run to the Capulets; Raise up the Monta
LVIUS] As you love Phebe, meet;- and as I love no woman, I'll meet. So, fare you well; I have left you comma
 threshold at night, for it's as much as your life is worth.' "The warning was no idle one, for two nights later I happened to look out of my bedroom window about two o'clock in th
roats, Whiles that Lavinia 'tween her stumps doth hold The basin that receives your guilty blood. You know your mother means to feast with me, And 
 great issues that may hang from a boot-lace. Now, what did you gather from that woman's appearance? Describe it." "Well, she had a slate-coloured, broad-brimmed straw hat, with a feather of a brick
f once I find thee ranging, HORTENSIO will be quit with thee by changing. Exit SCENE II. Padua. Before BAPTISTA'So house Enter
arah had been there, by the Lord, she should have joined them. I pulled out my knife, and--well, there! I've said enough. It g
her robes, or they will pluck The gay new coats o'er the French soldiers' heads And turn them out of service. If they do this- As, if God please, they sha
Land, To wash this blood off from my guilty hand. March sadly after; grace my mournings here In weeping after this untimely bier. Exeu
ndless raving upon politics and upon social questions which made up or visitor's conversation. Gennaro said nothing, but I, who knew him so well, could rea
uite so. That was the word the man uttered, and of which his son only caught the last two syllables. He was trying to utter the name of his murderer. So and so, of Ballarat." "It
g Each object with a joy; the counterchange Is severally in all. Let's quit this ground, And smoke the temple with our sacrifices. [To BELARIUS] Thou art
is worst. For you, be that you are, long; and your misery increase with your age! I say to you, as I was said to: Away! Exit FIRST WATCH. A noble
weet shade of your government. GREY. True: those that were your father's enemies Have steep'd their galls in honey, and do serve you With hearts
PORTER. You i' th' camlet, get up o' th' rail; I'll peck you o'er the pales else. Exeunt ACT V. SCENE 5. The palace Enter TRUMPETS, sounding; then two ALDERM
ttering. There was a single lamp over the gateway and a steady globe of light in the fatal study. Everything else was da
Did you say he was dead?" "Yes, sir, he is dead." "But how? An accident?" "Murder, if ever there was one upon earth.
e pleasures of the world, Is all too wanton and too full of gawds To give me audience. If the midnight bell Did with his iron tongue and brazen mouth Sound on 
mmunicate with you and the vicar. In the meantime I wish you both good-morning." It was not until long after we were back in Poldhu Cottage that Holmes broke his complete and absorbe
l Prince, If he be less, he's nothing; but he's more, Had I more name for badness. DUKE. By mine honesty, If she be mad, as I believe no other, Her ma
! BOTTOM. -odours savours sweet; So hath thy breath, my dearest Thisby dear. But hark, a voice! Stay thou but here awhile, And by and by I will to th
s Are stuck upon thee. Volumes of report Run with these false, and most contrarious quest Upon thy doings. Thousand es
 nose where it was pressed against the glass. It was a bearded, hairy face, with wild cruel eyes and an expression of 
"I feared that you would find it beyond you." "It has been a most remarkable experience." "That bandage tells of adventures," said I. "Won't you tell us w
 that not only his features but all his limbs were twisted and turned in the most fantastic fashion. By his hand upon the table there lay a peculiar instrument,--a brown, c
O. But little: I am arm'd and well prepar'd. Give me your hand, Bassanio; fare you well. Grieve not that I am fal
here I adore.' Why, she may command me: I serve her; she is my lady. Why, this is evident to any formal capacity; there is no obstruction in this. And the end- what should that alphabetical
he Duke is far from well. He has been very much upset by the tragic news. We received a telegram from Dr. Huxtable yest
Beat. I have a good eye, uncle; I can see a church by daylight. Leon. The revellers are ent'ring, brother. Make good room. [Exit Antonio.] Enter, [masked,] Don Pedr
lk from whence he came, lest he catch cold on's feet. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Who talks within there? Ho, ope
ith anger, and his brows knotted over his blue Teutonic eyes. "Ah, the rascal!" he cried. "Yes, inde
and dew-lapp'd like Thessalian bulls; Slow in pursuit, but match'd in mouth like bells, Each under each. A cry more tuneable Was never holla'd to, nor cheer'd with horn, In Cre
n, at last, we made for Baker Street once more. "No, I couldn't do it, Watson," said he, as we re-entered our room. "Once that warrant was made out nothing on earth would save hi
lt, Shall show more goodly and attract more eyes Than that which hath no foil to set it off. I'll so offend to make offence a skill, Redeeming
esh slide from the bone Ere thou relieve the beggar. Give to dogs What thou deniest to men; let prisons swallow 'em, Debts wither 'em to nothing
mbling even at the name of Mortimer. Wor. I cannot blame him. Was not he proclaim'd By Richard that dead is, the next of bloo
ratch would be the same colour as the surface. Look at it through my lens. There's the varnish, too, like earth on each side of a furrow. Is Mrs. Marker there?" A sad-faced, elderly woman came in
 language, and thou speak'st Out of thy sleep. What is it thou didst say? This is a strange repose, to be aslee
 mouth. I love your Majesty According to my bond; no more nor less. Lear. How, how, Cordelia? Mend your speech a little, Lest it may mar your fortunes. Cor. Good my lord, You have begot me
dia mixture of your bachelor days then! There's no mistaking that fluffy ash upon your coat. It's easy to tel
d night indeed. CANIDIUS. Toward Peloponnesus are they fled. SCARUS. 'Tis easy to't; and there I will attend What further comes. CANI
, GARDINER, seat themselves in order on each side; CROMWELL at lower end, as secretary. KEEPER at the door CHANCELLOR. Speak to the business, 
 If not the face of men, The sufferance of our souls, the time's abuse- If these be motives weak, break off betimes, And ev
d corresponsive and fulfilling bolts, Sperr up the sons of Troy. Now expectation, tickling skittish spirits On one and other side, Troy
e a boy you see him cringe his face, And whine aloud for mercy. Take him hence. THYMUS. Mark Antony- ANTO
ked to be called at eight, so I was very much astonished at this forgetfulness. I sprang up and rang for the servant
make my next report interesting reading. CHAPTER IX Second Report of Dr. Watson THE LIGHT UPON THE MOOR Baskerville Hall, Oct. 15th. My dear Holmes: 
er my soul upon the subject, but there was that in the cool, nonchalant air of my companion which made him the last man with whom one would care to take 
merica had been the starting-point of all the trouble. I had also every cause to think that there was some criminal secret in the matter. T
t his fate upon the scaffold, cringing and whining when the last hour came. Eight of his chief followers share
s]. Leon. Come, Friar Francis, be brief. Only to the plain form of marriage, and you shall recount their particular duties afterwards. Friar. You co
 me to damn me. I'll have grounds More relative than this. The play's the thing Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the King. Exit. <<THIS ELECTRONI
, Corporal Nym. NYM. Good morrow, Lieutenant Bardolph. BARDOLPH. What, are Ancient Pistol and you friends yet? NYM. For my part, I care not; I say little, but when time shall serve, there shal
love me? VIOLA. With adorations, fertile tears, With groans that thunder love, with sighs of fire. OLIVIA. Your lord does know my mind; I cannot love him. Yet I suppose
up in my chair, and my wife laid her needle-work down in her lap and made a little face of disappointment. 
eaking his oath and resolution like A twist of rotten silk; never admitting Counsel o' th' war; but at his nurse's tears He whin'd and roar'd away your victory, That pages blush'd at him
ay in Gravesend by a man with a dirty thumb. Ha! And the flap has been gummed, if I am not very much in error, by a person who had been chewing tobacco. And you 
in the shade of death I shall find joy- In life but double death,'now Gloucester's dead. QUEEN. Why do you rate my Lord of Suffolk thus? Although the Duke was enemy to him, Yet he most Christia
ath. CASSIUS. I know that virtue to be in you, Brutus, As well as I do know your outward favor. Well, honor is the subject of my story. I cannot tell what you and other men Think 
s conqueror, As sure as in this late betrayed town Great Coeur-de-lion's heart was buried So sure I swear to get the town or die. BURGUNDY. My vows are equal partners with thy vows. TALB
n a note to say that all the other papers were burned by your uncle, and that this is the only one which remains. You must assert that in suc
DUCHESS. O, she that might have intercepted thee, By strangling thee in her accursed womb, From all the slaughters, wretch, that thou hast done! QUEEN 
hich I gave him that night. Holmes declares that he overheard me caution him against the great danger
ed in mine. For that reason and for no other he shielded me. He thrust me into that dark hiding-place, a relic of old days, known only to himself. He took his meals i
s. It was known that she was an English lady who had met Mr. Douglas in London, he being at that time a widower. She
ountry publican that thought out such a blind as that! The coast seems to be clear, save for that lad in the smithy. Let us slip out and see what we can se
AN. I was by at the opening of the fardel, heard the old shepherd deliver the manner how he found it; whe
the window, but the weather has been so dry lately that they found it hopeless to follow the trail across the grass. There's a place, however, on the wooden fence which skirts t
kind gods, Cure this great breach in his abused nature! Th' untun'd and jarring senses, O, wind up Of this child-changed father! Doct. So please your Majesty
l meet again in this room. Until then we may each do what we like; for I can assure you that this inquiry 
t religion, for thou lov'st the flesh; And ne'er throughout the year to church thou go'st, Except it be to
ll signify from time to time Every good hap to you that chances here. Give me thy hand. 'Tis late. Farewell; good night. Rom. But that a joy past joy calls out on me, It were a grief so brief to pa
do you grace. I will leer upon him, as 'a comes by; and do but mark the countenance that he will give me. PISTOL. God bless thy lungs, good knight! FALSTAFF. Come here,
d rat of a man, with a slinking gait and a sidelong glance which was charged with malice. Evans Pott was his name, and even the great Boss of Vermissa felt towards him something of the
 Here I rallied, and had already improved so far as to be able to walk about the wards, and even to bask a little upon th
g over his task, and never turning his head. The fellow came forward with a somewhat sullen, defiant air, and put down his hands to assist. At t
r worth, Action, nor utterance, nor the power of speech, To stir men's blood. I only speak right on; I tell you that which you yourselves do know; Sh
e for the crime, the secret visit unknown to his own parents, the retention of the stick, the blood, and the animal remains and but
le to trace him. Your time in Cambridge will certainly be wasted. Yours faithfully, Leslie Armstrong. "An outspoken, honest antagonist is the doctor," said Holmes. "Well, well, he excite
oom above. There was a bottle of wine on the sideboard, and I opened it and poured a little between Mary's lips, for she was half dead with the shock. T
 eyes? Either his notion weakens, his discernings Are lethargied- Ha! waking? 'Tis not so! Who is it that can tell me who I am? Fool. Lear's shadow. Lear. I would learn that; for, by the mark
 before God, Hal, if Percy be alive, thou get'st not my sword; but take my pistol, if thou wilt. Prince. Give it me. 
 a chance at last of living in peace for the rest of our lives. These devils would give me no rest s
l run. Enter OLD GOBBO, with a basket GOBBO. Master young man, you, I pray you, which is the way to master Jew's? LAUNCELOT. [Aside] O heavens! This is my 
the cause o' th' King unhandled, and Is posted, as the agent of our Cardinal, To second all his plot. I do assure you The King cried 'Ha!' at this. CHAMBERLAIN. Now, God incense him, And let h
, on my command, Thou then wouldst kill me. Do't; the time is come. Thou strik'st not me; 'tis Caesar thou d
 be. I would not have missed it for worlds. But there is a ring at the bell, Watson, and as the clock makes it a few minutes after four, I have no doubt that t
hese occasions I have noticed such a dreamy, vacant expression in his eyes, that I might have suspected him of being addicted to the use of some narcotic, had not 
iskers. There we have the marine. He was a man with some amount of self-importance and a certain air of command. You must have observed the way in which he held his head and swung his cane.
ook up his coat, laid his hand on his revolver, and turned to the door. I picked up a chair, but Holmes shook his head and I laid it down again. With bow, a smile, and a twinkle Milverton 
tend? If I could make that resemble something in me. Softly! M. O. A. I.- SIR TOBY. O, ay, make up that! He is now at a cold scent. FABIAN. Sowter will cry upon't for all this, though it be as
ere was the news of a revolution, of a possible war, and of an impending change of government; but these did not come within 
A woman sometime scorns what best contents her. Send her another; never give her o'er, For scorn at first makes after-love the more. If she do frown, 'tis not in hat
as conqueror, As sure as in this late betrayed town Great Coeur-de-lion's heart was buried So sure I swear t
Italy For beauty that made barren the swell'd boast Of him that best could speak; for feature, laming The shrine of Venus or straight-pight Minerva, Postures beyond 
 Crouching among the stones we stared intently at the silver-tipped bank in front of us. The steps grew lou
'd and saves the thief; Nay, sometime hangs both thief and true man. What Can it not do and undo? I will make One of her women lawyer to me, 
 is that we lock this door, leave things as we found them, go with this lady to her room, and form our opinion after we have heard what it is 
OWN. Then put up your pipes in your bag, for I'll away. Go, vanish into air, away! Exeunt Musicians. CASSIO. Dost thou hear, my honest friend
ral Nym; I speak, and I avouch; 'Tis true. My name is Nym, and Falstaff loves your wife. Adieu! I love n
e of decrepitude, and yet his hard, deep-lined, craggy features, and his enormous limbs showed that he was possessed of unusual strength of body and of character. His tangled b
ood at any thing, and yet a fool. DUKE SENIOR. He uses his folly like a stalking-horse, and under the presentation of tha
hat good picture? What's thy interest In this sad wreck? How came't? Who is't? What art thou? IMOGEN. I am nothing; or if not, Nothing to be were be
erceive dat? Have you make-a de sot of us, ha, ha? EVANS. This is well; he has made us his vlouting-stog. I desire you th
ismiss this audience, and I shall tell you more. DUMAIN. Now the number is even. BEROWNE. True, true, we are four. Will these turtles be gone? KING. Hence, s
t For my confections? Having thus far proceeded- Unless thou think'st me devilish- is't not meet That I did amplify my judgment in Other conclusions? I
ady to do so. Another day--two at the most--and I have my case complete, but until then guard your charge as closely as ever a fond mother watched her ailing child. Your missio
d with him. If your lass Interpretation should abuse and call this Your lack of love or bounty, you were straited For a reply, at least if 
said Lestrade, as the whole party moved towards the door. "Anything further to say?" "Only to ask what charge you 
lthough it seems, And so he thinks, and is no less apparent To th' vulgar eye, that he bears all things fairly And shows good husbandry for the Volscian state, Fights 
 have a fuss made about such nonsense.' "It was in vain to argue with him, for he was a very obstinate man. I went about, however, with a heart which 
and if they could have found a single paper--which, fortunately, was in the strong-box of my solicitors--they would undoubtedly have crippled our case." "There you are," said Ho
at's the question that beats in my brain like a hammer. Was it, indeed, a coincidence that Lucas shoul
us. If it were so that our request did tend To save the Romans, thereby to destroy The Volsces whom you serve, you might condemn us As poisonous of your honour. No, our suit Is that you rec
egennis explained that the night was cold and damp. For that reason, after his arrival, the fire was lit. "What are you going to do now, 
ustling back into the room, the atmosphere of which felt clearer since the removal of its ghastly inmate. "Now, stand there!" He struck a match on his boot and held it 
all be married to this noble earl. Will you be ready? Do you like this haste? We'll keep no great ado- a friend or two; For hark you, Tybalt being slain s
fever thee! Shake thou to look on't. Get thee back to Caesar; Tell him thy entertainment; look thou say He makes me angry with him; for he s
removed, upon our watery eyne. ROSALINE. O vain petitioner! beg a greater matter; Thou now requests but moonshine in the water. K
om Paddington and were waiting in the consulting-room. I dressed hurriedly, for I knew by experience that railway cases were seldom trivial, and hastened downstairs. As I descend
 me word how 'tis with her. Exit an attendant A fever with the absence of her son; A madness, of which her life's in danger. Heavens, How deeply you at once do touch me! Imogen, The great pa
st Ham, Leicester, and Liverpool--there is a clear case against him, and he has actually been arrested. The country seems to be full of
trength of malice, and our hearts Of brothers' temper, do receive you in With all kind love, good thoughts, and reverence. CASSIUS. Your voice shall be as strong as any man's In
ing which followed our abortive chase of the convict and our other strange experiences upon the moor. October 16th.--A dull and foggy day with a drizzle of rain. The house is banked 
s. CONSTABLE. Mine was not bridled. DAUPHIN. O, then belike she was old and gentle; and you rode like a kern of Ireland, your 
sterday evening he was very drunk; and when I came upstairs there was the key in the door. I have no doubt at all that he had left it there. Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle were both downstai
iful goers- between be call'd to the world's end after my name-call them all Pandars; let all constant men be Troilus
 first born son that was the last That ware the imperial diadem of Rome; Then let my father's honours live in me, Nor wrong mine age with this indignity. BASSIANUS. Romans, friends, followers
y mistress; peace! I'll give no wound to thee. Therefore, good heavens, Hear patiently my purpose. I'll disrobe me Of these Italian weeds, and suit myself As does a Bri
th power to charm, So hallow'd and so gracious is the time. Hor. So have I heard and do in part believe it. But look, the morn, in russet mantle cl
r that it is clean and good. The man will carry your bags. This way, gentlemen, if you please." He was a very bustling and genial person, th
ou may conceivably have overlooked it." "Impossible, I say." "But I am not convinced of it; I have known such things to happen.
. (Exit Boy.) I do much wonder that one man, seeing how much another man is a fool when he dedicates his behaviours to love, will, after he hath laugh'd at such shallow follies in others, becom
I had given. 'It's only Carlo, my mastiff. I call him mine, but really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything with him. We feed him once a day, an
taint with love, I send the King. SUFFOLK. And this withal. [Kisses her] MARGARET. That for thyself, I will not so presume To send such peevish tokens to a king. Exeunt REIGNIER and MA
gon. Do not bid me speak; See, and then speak yourselves. Exeunt Macbeth and Lennox. Awake, awake! Ring the alarum bell. Murther and treason! Ba
der Ursa Major, so that it follows I am rough and lecherous. Fut! I should have been that I am, had the
, As to us, to all the world, that Caius Marcius Wears this war's garland; in token of the which, My noble steed, known to the camp, I give him, With all his trim belonging; and from 
isitors. I have in this rough work shap'd out a man Whom this beneath world doth embrace and hug With amplest entertainment. My free drift Halts not particularly, but moves itself In a wide s
 merry, Kate. Some water, here, what, ho! Enter one with water Where's my spaniel Troilus? Sirrah, get you hence, And bid my cousin Ferdinand come hithe
ourselves. What do you think of such a commission as that?' "'The work appears to be light and the pay munificent.' "'Precisely so. We shall want you to come to-night by
well I am found by you. I will but spend a word here in the house And go with you. Exit. CASSIO. Ancient, what makes he here? IAGO. Faith, he tonight hath boar
 on the ear] I cry your mercy, madam; was it you? DUCHESS. Was't I? Yea, I it was, proud Frenchwoman. Could I come near your beauty with my nails, I could set my ten commandments
crets of making up, and had been famous in the green-room for my skill. I took advantage now of my attainments. I painted my face, and to make myself as pitiable as possibl
ullen, defiant air, and put down his hands to assist. At that instant there was a sharp click, the jangling of metal, and 
ed in his armchair, his haggard and ascetic face hardly visible amid the blue swirl of his tobacco smoke, his black brows drawn
 What does this knave here? Get you gone, sirrah. The complaints I have heard of you I do not all believe; 'tis m
s sobs. So absorbed was he by his bitter grief that he never looked up until Holmes's hand was on his shoulder. "Are you Mr. Godfrey Staunton?" "Yes, yes; I am--
g amber of his pipe. "This case grows upon me, Watson," said he. "There are decidedly some points of interest in connection with it. In this early stage I want y
ings, and she locks the brute up so as to give me a clear run. This is the house, this big one in its
 Writ o' both sides the leaf, margent and all, That he was fain to seal on Cupid's name. ROSALINE. That was the way to make his godhead wax; For he hat
ereof comes it that his head is light. Thou say'st his meat was sauc'd with thy upbraidings: Unquiet meals make ill digesti
fear but anger that thy cheeks Blush for pure shame to counterfeit our roses, And yet thy tongue will not confess thy error. PLANTAGENET. Hath not thy rose a 
illes. ULYSSES. Why 'tis this naming of him does him harm. Here is a man-but 'tis before his face; I will be silent. NESTOR. Wherefore should you so? He is n
dder brought, which AARON is made to climb] AARON. Lucius, save the child, And bear it from me to the Emperess. If thou do this, I'll show thee wondrous things That highly may advantage thee to h
 mother and I, with Mr. Hardy, who used to be our foreman, and it was there I met Mr. Hosmer Angel." "I suppose," said Holmes, "that when Mr. Windibank came back from France he was very annoyed at 
f the mountain foot That leads toward Mantua, whither they are fled. Dispatch, sweet gentlemen, and follow me. Exit THURIO. Why, this it is to be a peevish girl That flies her fortune when it fo
rhaps it would have been better for both of us had I been sterner, but I meant it for the best. "It was naturally my intention that he should succeed me in my bu
MIO Signior Gremio, came you from the church? GREMIO. As willingly as e'er I came from school. TRANIO. And is the bride a
 is mere digression from my purpose. Here come I from our princely general To know your griefs; to tell you from his Grace That he will give you audience; and wherein I
 He is a marvellous good neighbour, faith, and a very good bowler; but for Alisander- alas! you see how 'tis- a little o'erparted. But there ar
he kindness to wait in this room for a few minutes,' said he, throwing open another door. It was a quiet, little, plainly furnished room, with a round table in the centre, on which
 foul issue. We all kneel. LEONTES. I am a feather for each wind that blows. Shall I live on to see this bastard kneel And cal
. Yet be most proud of that which I compile, Whose influence is thine, and born of thee, In others' wo
ible to distinguish one from the other. He followed one for a mile or more until he came to a mountain torrent which he was sure that he had never seen before. Convi
 thy ways; go, give that changing piece To him that flourish'd for her with his sword. A valiant son-in-law thou shalt enjoy; One fit to bandy with thy lawle
 it is his own skin that he is frightened for. It is inconceivable that this fellow could have made two such vindictive enemies as these appear to be without knowing of it
hts with nobleness, that thou mayst prove To shame unvulnerable, and stick i' th' wars Like a great sea-mark, standing every flaw, And saving those that 
red at each side to the crosspiece below. In releasing the lady the cord had been slipped off her, but the knots with
ss gear; And wonder what they were, and to what end Their shallow shows and prologue vilely penn'd, And their rough carriage so ridiculous, Should be presented at our tent to us. BO
age is; this fellow will but join you together as they join wainscot; then one of you will prove a shrunk panel,
ne; Ned Poins and I will walk lower. If they scape from your encounter, then they light on us. Peto. How many be there of them? Gads. Some eight or ten. Fal. Zounds, will they no
hall waft them over with our royal fleet. I long till Edward fall by war's mischance For mocking marriage with a dame of France.
attering unction to your soul That not your trespass but my madness speaks. It will but skin and film the ulcerous place, Whiles rank corruption, min
e you had done. Osr. The carriages, sir, are the hangers. Ham. The phrase would be more germane to t
round and discovered the stump among the moss where he had tossed it. It was an Indian cigar, of the variety which are rolled in Rotterdam." "And the cigar-holder?" "I could s
d he a hand to write this? a heart and brain to breed it in? When came this to you? Who brought it? Edm. It 
 yourself, I presume, a medical man?" "A retired army surgeon." "My own hobby has always been nervous disease. I should wish to make it an absolute specialty, but, of course, a man must take what
ave I so deserv'd of you That you extol me thus? LUCIO. Faith, my lord, I spoke it but according to the trick. If you will hang me for it, you may; but I had rather it would please you I mi
 wife as it was in me to be. But you may imagine what I felt when, just as I came to the altar rails, I glanced back and saw Frank standing and looking at me out of the first pew.
man next to me, upon the aft side, was one whom I had particularly noticed when we were led down the quay. He was a young man with a clear, hairless face, a long, thin nose,
ich met our eyes. On the table stood a dark-lantern with the shutter half open, throwing a brilliant beam of light upon the iron safe, the door of which was 
d inefficient manner the circumstances of my death. "At last, when you had all formed your inevitable and totally erroneous conclusions, you departed for the hot
nct told her that it was not the mere fright of a man who is startled. Guilt--that was it--guilt and fear! "What's come over you, Jack?" 
us--to-morrow. Don't you think, Watson, that you are away from your charge rather long? Your place should be at Baskerville Hall." The last red streaks had faded away in the west and night 
 footsteps died away, there was the creak of a turning key, the handle revolved, and two thin hands darted out and lifted the tray form the chair. An
rein I thee endow'd. Reg. Good sir, to th' purpose. Tucket within. Lear. Who put my man i' th' stocks? Corn. What trumpet's that? Reg. I know't- my sister's.
moment later we were face to face with the man whom we had come to see. In spite of the warm weather he was crouching over a fire, and the little room was like an ove
entlewoman; Her only fault, and that is faults enough, Is- that she is intolerable curst, And shrewd and froward so beyond all measure That, were my sta
ld it? My merry host hath had the measuring of their weapons; and, I think, hath appointed them contrary places; for, believe me, I hear the parson is no jester. Hark, I will tell you what our 
f miles an hour." "I have not observed the quarter-mile posts," said I. "Nor have I. But the telegraph posts upon 
surprise you. Things have taken a turn which I could not have anticipated. In some ways they have within the last forty-eight hours becom
ive Their powers are marching unto Paris-ward. Here sound an English march. Enter, and pass over at a distance, TALBOT and his forces There goes the Tal
dly imagine anything more strange, more utterly inexplicable, than the situation in which I find myself." Holmes rubbed his han
 Griffith, Cause the musicians play me that sad note I nam'd my knell, whilst I sit meditating On that celestial harmony I go to. [Sad and solemn music] GRIFF
low; unless it swell past hiding, and then it's past watching PANDARUS. You are such another! Enter TROILUS' BOY BOY. Sir, my lord would i
n. I do but keep the peace. Put up thy sword, Or manage it to part these men with me. Tyb. What, drawn, and talk of peace? I hate the word As I 
day we are perfectly ready. If it is to-morrow we shall be more ready still. I should think they would be wiser to fight with allies than without them, but t
years. SEBASTIAN. O, that record is lively in my soul! He finished indeed his mortal act That day that made
h authority over him that swears. Henry had none, but did usurp the place; Then, seeing 'twas he that made yo
s not honest. Yond's that same knave That leads him to these places; were I his lady I would poison that vile rascal.
 He came not through the chamber where we stay'd. KING. Where is the crown? Who took it from my pillow? WARWICK. When we withdrew, my liege, we le
eight, and we saw by the light of a lantern the mark on the lawn where his heels had come down. That one dint in the short green grass was the on
ol. It is clear that this unfortunate man was about to return to New York." "Have you made any inquiries as to this man, Stangerson?" "I did it at onc
utter darkness. When thou ran'st up Gadshill in the night to catch my horse, if I did not think thou hadst been 
 not they. Alas, you three on me, threefold distress'd, Pour all your tears! I am your sorrow's nurse, And I will pamp
d he. "I am familiar with forty-two different impressions left by tyres. This, as you perceive, is a Dunlop, with a patch upon the outer cover. Heidegger's tyres
lty rhymes, observ'd your fashion, Saw sighs reek from you, noted well your passion. 'Ay me!' says one. 'O Jove!' the other cries. One, her hairs were 
 by her woman I sent your message; who return'd her thanks In the great'st humbleness, and desir'd your 
hen?' I cried. "'Yes, and as old as the house. Down here, through this door.' "We went down a winding stone stair, and my companion, striking a match, lit a large lantern which stood on
which I knew nothing, and generally assisting in the secure tying up of Irene Adler, spinster, to Godfrey Norton, bachelor. It was all done in an instant, and t
footmark," said I. "It is something much more valuable to us. It is the impression of a wooden stump. You see here on the sill is 
amillo were very notes of admiration. They seem'd almost, with staring on one another, to tear the cases of their eyes; there was spe
Whose better issue in the war from Italy Upon the first encounter drave them. ANTONY. Well, what worst? MESSENGER. The nature of bad news infects the teller. ANTO
eign flower and drown the weeds. Make we our march towards Birnam. Exeunt marching. SCENE III. Dunsinane. A room in the cas
 and the whiteness in thy cheek Is apter than thy tongue to tell thy errand. Even such a man, so faint, so spiritless, So dull, so dread in look, so woe-begone, Drew Priam's curt
, this etext is copyright protected, and since the materials and methods you use will effect the Project's reputation, your right to copy and distr
the ground, Then lays his finger on his temple; straight Springs out into fast gait; then stops again, Strikes his breast hard; and anon he casts His eye 
same! O hateful hands, to tear such loving words! Injurious wasps, to feed on such sweet honey And kill the bees that yield it with your stings! I'll kiss each several p
hat his course of action would be. My nerves thrilled with anticipation when at last the cold wind upon our faces and the dark, void spaces on either side of the narrow road told 
 I am doing so." "You are aware that no two thumb marks are alike?" "I have heard something of the kind." "Well, then, wil
solute failure." "You have made no progress?" "None." "Dear me! I must have a look at the matter." "I wish to heavens that you would, Mr. Holme
ch my furnace-burning heart; Nor can my tongue unload my heart's great burden, For self-same wind that I should speak withal Is kindlin
s shown by this woman into a sitting-room, where a frugal supper was laid out. Afterwards Mr. Jonas Oldacre led me into his bedroom, in which there stood a heavy safe. This he opened and too
 of a severe shock to our client we succeeded in completing our case and driving Stapleton to his destruction. That Sir Henry should have been exposed to th
washes his hands, and says to his wife, 'Fie upon this quiet life! I want work.' 'O my sweet Harry,' says she, 'how many hast thou kill'd to-day?' 'Give my r
 a murderer, But left that hateful office unto thee. The pretty-vaulting sea refus'd to drown me, Knowing that thou wou
g the ground and into the hall with the rapidity and noiselessness of a serpent. Once within the house the man sprang to hi
l rang out he came on the stairhead, with 'What is that, Mrs. Hudson?' And now he has slammed off to his room, but I can hear him walking away the sa
first importance that they should not be reminded of the existence of this paper, otherwise they would naturally destroy it without delay. The Inspect
om hence. SPIRIT. Ask what thou wilt; that I had said and done. BOLINGBROKE. [Reads] 'First of the king: what shall
he post. Claud. If it will not be, I'll leave you. Exit. Bene. Alas, poor hurt fowl! now will he creep into sedges. But, that my Lady Beatrice
t be I' th' virtue of your daughter. One being dead, I shall have more than you can dream of yet; Enough then for your wonder. But come on, Contract u
so- You that did void your rheum upon my beard And foot me as you spurn a stranger cur Over your threshold; moneys is your suit. What sho
re was no money in it, and nothing but papers that I would not dare to sell. I had lost my hold on Black Peter, and was stran
ND. Yet, for all this, say not that Percy's dead. I see a strange confession in thine eye; Thou shak'st thy head, and hold'st it fear or sin To speak a truth. If he be slain, say so: The
 beauty, that the tyrant oft reclaims, Shall to my flaming wrath be oil and flax. Henceforth I will not have to do with pity: Meet I an infant of the house of York, Into as many gobbets will I cu
 followed her and made her life a misery to her in order to induce her to abandon the husband whom sh
found in his pocket is the man himself, so that he may not knife the wrong person. He dogs the fellow, he sees him enter a house, he waits outside for h
 through the cloth. At his remark I drew the weapon out and laid it cocked upon the table. He still smiled and blinked, but there was something about his eyes which made me feel very glad th
ad struck a light; but the creature frightened at the sudden glare, and with the strange instinct of animals feeling that some mischief w
 part in some disguise And tell fair Hero I am Claudio, And in her bosom I'll unclasp my heart And take her hearing pr
n swim a league. PUCK. I'll put a girdle round about the earth In forty minutes. Exit PUCK OBERON. Having once this juice, I'll watch Titania when she is asleep, 
 Are you full of them? MARIA. Ay, sir, I have them at my fingers' ends; marry, now I let go your hand, I am barren. Exit MARIA SIR TOBY. O knight, thou lack'st a cup of 
on. The Lady speaks in Welsh. Mort. I understand thy looks. That pretty Welsh Which thou pourest down from these swelling heavens I am too perfect in; and, but for shame, In such a Bar
both Mr. Hilton Cubitt and his wife. She shot him and then herself--so the servants say. He's dead and her life is despaired of. Dear, dear,
. KATHARINE. So may he ever do! and ever flourish When I shall dwell with worms, and my poor name Banish'd the kingdom! Patie
d these very carefully from seven or eight different points, Holmes desired to be led to the court-yard, from which we all followed the winding track 
ompt me to enquire. He lent me counsel, and I lent him eyes. I am no pilot; yet, wert thou as far As that vast shore wash'd with the farthest sea, I woul
her! No settled senses of the world can match The pleasure of that madness. Let 't alone. PAULINA. I 
y Land. But bear me to that chamber; there I'll lie; In that Jerusalem shall Harry die. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPE
ish'd flesh slide from the bone Ere thou relieve the beggar. Give to dogs What thou deniest to men; let prisons swallow 'em, Debts wither 'em to nothing. Be men like blasted woods, And may diseases 
the sanguine colour of the leaves Did represent my master's blushing cheeks When stubbornly he did repugn the truth About a certain question in the law Argu'd b
 promises; as it ebbs, the seedsman Upon the slime and ooze scatters his grain, And shortly comes to harvest. LEPIDU
as a bottle of wine on the sideboard, and I opened it and poured a little between Mary's lips, for she was half dead with the shock. Then I took a drop myself. Theresa was as cool 
Temptations have since then been born to 's, for In those unfledg'd days was my wife a girl; Your precious self had then not cross'd the eyes Of my young pla
y was set on fire; The time when screech-owls cry and ban-dogs howl, And spirits walk and ghosts break up their graves- That time best fits the work we have in hand. Madam, sit you,
arks and fills the air with its howling is surely not to be thought of. Stapleton may fall in with such a superstition, and Mortimer also; but if I have one quality upon earth it is common-sense, an
nsist upon your dining with us. It will be ready in half an hour. I have oysters and a brace of grouse, with something a little choice in white wines.--Watson, 
And to be doubted that your Moor and you Are singled forth to try thy experiments. Jove shield your husband from his hounds to-day! 'Tis pity they should take him for a st
igh, That makes me see, and cannot feed mine eye? The mightiest space in fortune nature brings To join like likes, and kiss like nativ
rown most kind Of late. Hail, sir! MENENIUS. Hail to you both! SICINIUS. Your Coriolanus is not much miss'd But with his friends. The commonwealth doth stand, And so wou
o see no pastime I. What you would have I'll stay to know at your abandon'd cave. Exit DUKE SENIOR. Proceed, proceed. We will begin t
had it from his, I have set it down with all belief that it occurred even as is here set forth. And 
for a minute or two. Then I seized the poker and went downstairs. When I entered this room I found the wind
girl, I am all alone in the house with him, and it's more than my nerves can stand." Holmes leaned forward and laid his long, thin fingers upon the woman's shoulder. He had an alm
 her for a day. She, on the other hand, though devoted and faithful, was less obtrusively affectionate. But they were regarded in the regiment as the ver
 blew out the lamp, for the water was spurting over the floor. Then I put out my hand and was about to shake the man, who was stil
re, near the City. It's not a very large affair, and of late years it has not done more than just give me a living. I used to be able to keep two assistants, but n
ious as the smoky light That's fed with stinking tallow- it were fit That all the plagues of hell should at one time Encounter s
 a curse upon his head. KING PHILIP. Thou shalt not need. England, I will fall from thee. CONSTANCE. O fair return of banish'd majesty! ELINOR. O foul revolt of French inconstancy! KING JOHN. Fr
earls and rubies red as blood; Figuring that they their passions likewise lent me Of grief and blushes, aptly understood In bloodless white and the encrimsoned 
e in my sight Awakes my heart, to heart's and eye's delight. 48 How careful was I when I took my way, Each tri
east, I sick withal the help of bath desired, And thither hied a sad distempered guest. But found no cure, the bath for my help lies, Where Cupid got new fire; my mistress' 
d the day, and he burst into a hearty laugh. "I wouldn't have the Scotland Yarders know it for the world," he cried, dropping into his chair; "I have ch
t, by art as well as by nature. For this drivelling love is like a great natural that runs lolling up and down to hide his bauble in a hole. Ben. Stop there, stop th
 in his pocket. I trust that he may not remember any of the answers which I gave him that night. Holmes declares that
d blows, have inflicted the terrible injuries to which the trainer had succumbed. On the other hand, there was no wound upon his person, 
strous excavations. But the town showed a dead level of mean ugliness and squalor. The broad street was churned up by the traffic into a horrible rutted p
the country-side." "Oh, they are ignorant people. Why should you mind what they call it?" "Tell me, Watson. What do they say of it?" I hesi
intent. What comfort to this great decay may come Shall be applied. For us, we will resign, During the life of this old Majesty, To him our absolute power; [
l. All thy other titles thou hast given away; that thou wast born with. Kent. This is not altogether fool, my lord. Fool. 
ire her call her wisdom to her. So farewell. If you do chance to hear of that blind traitor, Preferment falls on hi
 irrelevant question as to this clerical gentleman's left ear. You did not answer it." "I had left Baden and could not inquire." "Exactly. For this reason I sent a duplicate to th
ness is so evident That your free undertaking cannot miss A thriving issue; there is no lady living So meet for this great errand. Please your la
an be of help to you in your trial it shall be at your disposal." In the whirl of our incessant activity it has often been difficult for me, as the reader has 
 earliest to the ground, and so let me. You cannot better be employ'd, Bassanio, Than to live still, and write mine epitaph. Enter NERISSA dressed li
iter there, his brother, the bull, the primitive statue and oblique memorial of cuckolds, a thrifty 
bly brought from London. The key, having served its purpose, would be hurled away. The horse may be at the bottom of one of the pits or o
tly. My body has remained in this arm-chair and has, I regret to observe, consumed in my absence two large pots of coffee and an incredible amount of tobacco. After you left I sent down to S
STAFF FENTON, a young gentleman SHALLOW, a country justice SLENDER, cousin to Shallow Gentlemen of Windsor FORD PAGE WILLIAM PAGE, a boy, son to P
od bids us do good for evil. And thus I clothe my naked villainy With odd old ends stol'n forth of holy writ, And seem a saint when most I play the devil. Enter two MURDERERS But
rose is!" He walked past the couch to the open window, and held up the drooping stalk of a moss-rose, looking down at the dainty blend of crimson and gre
 killed no man-his fault was thought, And yet his punishment was bitter death. Who sued to me for him? Who, in my wrath, Kneel'd at my feet, and bid me be advis'd?
he gave me of the direction which his investigation was taking was an extraordinary one. He had gone out before breakfast, and I had sat down to mine, when he strode into the room, his hat upon hi
ry fashionable epistle," I remarked as he entered. "Your morning letters, if I remember right, were from a fish-monger and a tide-waiter." "Yes, my correspondenc
up of coffee in one hand and the paper in the other, as fresh and trim as possible. "You will excuse my beginning without you, Watson," said he, "but
 good markman! And she's fair I love. Ben. A right fair mark, fair coz, is soonest hit. Rom. Well, in that hit you miss. She'll not be hit With Cupid's 
'tis true that we are in great danger; The greater therefore should our courage be. Good morrow, brother Bedford.
 charming morning." "You have been up to the scene of the crime, I understand," said the Colonel. "Yes; the Inspector and I have made quite a little reconnaissance together
re smoked a great number of those excellent cigarettes, and I dropped the ash all over the space in front of the suspected bookcase. It was a simple trick, but exceed
, locked it, and hurried out on to the terrace. He was just in time to see the lights of a small car come to a halt at the gate. A passenger sprang out of it and advan
 soul of love. And ere I take this charm from off her sight, As I can take it with another herb, I'll make her render up her page to me. But who comes here? I am invisible; And I will overhear their 
 Lyons which informed me that Holmes was lying ill in the Hotel Dulong. Within twenty-four hours I was in his sick-room, and was relieved to find that t
nvalescent you will find that a hint that we were about to telegraph to a young electrician in the Midlands would probably complete the cure. As to 
ding motionless. You see that it is no less than fifteen inches from fore-foot to hind. Add to that the length of neck and head, an
wake Lucy. It is as well that the servants do not sleep in the house." While Ferrier was absent, preparing his daughter for the approaching journey, Jefferson Hope packed all the eatables that he co
, and on one occasion in the same direction as Sergeant James Barclay. You remember the small affair of Uriah and Bathsheba? My biblical knowledge is a trifle rusty, I
 my energies. Why should this servant be so anxious to master this old formula? Evidently because he saw som
ge. DUKE OF VENICE. That thou shalt see the difference of our spirit, I pardon thee thy life before thou ask it. For half thy wealth, it is Antonio's;
. "My brother and I were very much shocked by the death of Sir Charles. We knew him very intimately, for his favourite walk was over the moor to our house. He was deeply impressed with the curse
rson at Shafter's. There were ten or a dozen boarders there; but they were honest foremen or commonplace 
 was, You stared upon me with ungentle looks. I urged you further; then you scratch'd your head, And too impatiently stamp'd with your foot.
end of my tether at last, and could hardly find the stamps to answer the advertisements or the envelopes to stick them to. I had worn out my boots paddling up office stairs, and I seemed
was it not? CLIFFORD. Ay, and old York, and yet not satisfied. RICHARD. For God's sake, lords, give signal to the fight. WARWICK. What say'st thou, Henry? Wilt tho
 close-fitting cloth cap. "It is really very good of you to come, Watson," said he. "It makes a considerable difference to me, having someone with me on whom I can t
x, Lords, and Attendants. MACBETH. You know your own degrees; sit down. At first And last the hearty welcome. LORDS. Thanks to your Majesty. MACB
the body of CLOTEN GUIDERIUS. We have done our obsequies. Come, lay him down. BELARIUS. Here's a few flowers; but 'bout midnight, m
eper, his house being the nearest, to ask for assistance. I saw no one near my father when I returned, and I have no idea how he cam
und for Winchester to see the race for the Wessex Cup. Colonel Ross met us by appointment outside the station, and we drove in his drag to the course beyond the town. His face was
 Tell him I humbly desire the valiant Ajax to invite the most valorous Hector to come unarm'd to my tent; and to procure safe conduct for his person of the
 of the corridor, and peering at us and at the smouldering fire. It was an odious face--crafty, vicious, malignant, with shifty, light-grey eyes and white eyelashes. "What's this,
s no wound or bruise upon his person to show how he had met his dreadful end. When his body had been carried from the ce
hough from the marks upon the bark of the trees, and other indications, he judged that there were numerous bears in the vicinity. At last, after two or three hou
ssible. Before I got down the stair I'd have seen anyone in the passage. Besides, the door never opened, for I would 
be without regard. What's done is done. MACBETH. We have scotch'd the snake, not kill'd it. She'll close and
 the matter which present the greatest difficulties, let the enquirer begin by mastering more elementa
Though his humour Was nothing but mutation- ay, and that From one bad thing to worse- not frenzy, not Absolute madness could so far have rav'd, To bring him here alone. Althoug
s it with feet and mouth] This sandy plot is plain; guide, if thou canst, This after me. I have writ 
ation. 'There's ten times that for you,' said he, 'if you can find me all that I want.'" "What did you tell him, then?" "Any stuff I could
e is here, And what he is that now is leapt into it. Say, who art thou that lately didst descend Into this
the melancholy flood With that sour ferryman which poets write of, Unto the kingdom of perpetual night. The first that there did greet my stranger soul 
ty larceny, six months at the most. It is the murder that we are really investigating, and I tell you that I am gathering all the threads into my hands
ars may be believed, that the true prince may (for recreation sake) prove a false thief; for the poor abuses of the time want countenance
 with one's own shadow? O thou invisible spirit of wine, if thou hast no name to be known by, let us call thee devil! IAGO. What was
hat this simple syllogism will serve, so; if it will not, what remedy? As there is no true cuckold but calamity, so beauty's a flower. The lady bade take away th
ou. I will be entirely at your service in three minutes, if I might trespass upon your patience so far." He rose with a very courteous air, and, bowing to us, he pa
face. "Halloa! Stop there!" he shouted, holding his bicycle to block our road. "Where did you get that dog-cart? Pull up, man!" he yelled, drawing a pistol from his side poc
s world for me. They hunted me from Chicago to California, then they chased me out of America; but when I married and settled down in this quiet spot I thought my last years
STS. [To RICHARD] Dream on thy cousins smothered in the Tower. Let us be lead within thy bosom, Richard,
sand flatterers sit within thy crown, Whose compass is no bigger than thy head; And yet, incaged in so small a verge, The waste is no
 us. SEBASTIAN. A spirit I am indeed, But am in that dimension grossly clad Which from the womb I did participate. Were you a woman, as the rest goes even, I should my tears let fall upon your chee
ne for ever; for if Hector break not his neck i' th' combat, he'll break't himself in vainglory. He knows not me. I said 'Go
 at no very great distance from Paddington Station, I got a few patients from among the officials. One of these, whom I had cured of a pai
er, I can again thy former light restore, Should I repent me; but once put out thy light, Thou cunning'st pattern of excelling nature, 
you to read this, that you may know straight from me how far I have been to blame. On the other hand, if all should go well (which may kind God Almighty gr
a wretch's knife, Too base of thee to be remembered, The worth of that, is that which it contains, And that is
ve, but it was of only one that I was thinking when I dropped over the wall that night. "My way ran down a dried-up water
 sighs, and weeps. We took this mattock and this spade from him As he was coming from this churchyard side. Chief Watch. A great suspicion! Stay the
 perform'd. Then, Jupiter, thou king of gods, Why hast thou thus adjourn'd The graces for his merits due, Being all to dolours turn'd? SICILIUS. Thy c
ll evening, though I tried to think of other things, my mind would still turn to the apparition at the window and the rudeness of the wom
ueen- CLEOPATRA. Nay, pray you seek no colour for your going, But bid farewell, and go. When you sued staying, T
t And made a preachment of your high descent? Where are your mess of sons to back you now? The wanton Edward and the lusty George? And where's that valia
ve sometimes. And what did your wife do when she finished speaking to her maid?" "She walked into the breakfast-room." "On your arm?" "No, alone. She was very independ
n of a school-boy's tongue, Nor never come in vizard to my friend, Nor woo in rhyme, like a blind harper's song. Taffeta phrases, silken terms pre
s, in contempt of question, her hand. AGUECHEEK. Her C's, her U's, and her T's. Why that? MALVOLIO. [Reads] 'To the
me to smile again. O world, how apt the poor are to be proud! If one should be a prey, how much the better To fall before the lion than the wolf! [Clock 
ce than they in wars. ROSS. The Earl of Wiltshire hath the realm in farm. WILLOUGHBY. The King's grown bankrupt like a broken man. NORTHUMBERLAND. Reproach and dis
, Without assistance. MENENIUS. I think not so. SICINIUS. We should by this, to all our lamentation, If he had gone forth consu
irit so still and quiet that her motion Blush'd at herself; and she- in spite of nature, Of years, of country, credit, everyt
e him life, After the taste of much correction. KING HENRY. Alas, your too much love and care of me Are heavy orisons 'gainst this poor wretch! If little faults pro
 she is fierce. HERMIA. 'Little' again! Nothing but 'low' and 'little'! Why will you suffer her to flout me thus? Let me come to her. LYSANDER. G
oks bloody on the earth, And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change; Rich men look sad, and ruffians dance and leap-
tive. "If you had helped justice, instead of thwarting it in this way, you would have had a better chance at your trial." "Justice!" snarl
ou heard The traitor speak, and timorously confess The manner and the purpose of his treasons: That you might well have signified the same Unto the citizens, who haply may Misconster u
To put on yellow stockings, and to frown Upon Sir Toby and the lighter people; And, acting this in an obedient hope, Why have yo
 a pearl; Between our Ilium and where she resides Let it be call'd the wild and wand'ring flood; Ourself the merchant, and this sailing Pandar Our doubtful hope, our convoy, and our bark
, my God! Helen! It was the band! The speckled band!' There was something else which she would fain have said, and she 
 but on a stronger thing, A chain, a chain. Do you not hear it ring? ADRIANA. What, the chain? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. No, no, the bell; 'tis t
It was at such moments that for an instant he ceased to be a reasoning machine, and betrayed his human love for admi
a black matter for the King that led them to it; who to disobey were against all proportion of subjection. KING HENRY. So, if a son that is by his father sent about merchandise do sinfully miscarry
. Thence he could look down upon the home of the saints. Worn and exhausted, he leaned upon his rifle and shook his gaunt hand fiercely at the si
thought as fair as she. But what of that? Demetrius thinks not so; He will not know what all but he do know. And as he errs, doting on H
 putter-out of five for one will bring us Good warrant of. ALONSO. I will stand to, and feed, Although my last; no matter, since I feel The best is past. 
him comforting the King, it will stuff his suspicion more fully.- I will persever in my course of loyalty, though the conflict 
en you are overearnest with your Brutus, He'll think your mother chides, and leave you so. POET. [Within.] Let me go in
fectual. SUFFOLK. Well hath your Highness seen into this duke; And had I first been put to speak my mind, I think I should have told your Grace
D SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMM
D SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PRO
 at hand Paris your brother, and Deiphobus, The Grecian Diomed, and our Antenor Deliver'd to us; and for him forthwith, Ere the first sacrifice, wit
 harum-scarum, reckless lad, and he had had an education, and was already marked for the sword-belt. But the girl held true to me, and it seemed tha
all the Duke Instantly know, and of that letter too. This seems a fair deserving, and must draw me That which my father loses- no less than all. The 
and his son-in-law Mortimer, and old Northumberland, and that sprightly Scot of Scots, Douglas, that runs a-horseback up a h
 the operation for cataract, and she, her son Ronald, and her daughter Hilda were living together at 427, Park Lane. The youth moved in the best society, had, so far as w
use of complaint against me, but you know what women are, Mr. Holmes. Flora was a dear little thing, but exceedingly hot-headed and devotedly attached to me. She wrote me dre
nd quivering from the shock. The village sergeant, a tall, formal, melancholy man, still held his vigil in the room of Fate. The doctor had departed. "Anything 
this piece of work? Pol. And the Queen too, and that presently. Ham. Bid the players make haste, [Exit Polonius.] Wil
ill be bound to publish, and you would really be wiser to take me into your complete confidence." "I know nothing about it." "Did you hear from Mr. Staunton in London?" "Certainly no
 as a measure, full of state and ancientry; and then comes Repentance and with his bad legs falls into the cinque-pa
t had nothing but misfortune and disaster. I was removed from my brigade and attached to the Berkshires, with whom I served at the fatal b
end's most obvious weaknesses that he was impatient with less alert intelligences than his own. "Very likely," said he, turning away. "As it happens, it was not the carriages which I desired to e
ensible. So you left him. Never, O never, do his ghost the wrong To hold your honour more precise an
is, take the worst to be. If eyes corrupt by over-partial looks, Be anchored in the bay where all men ride, Why of eyes' falsehood 
tress, and make much of her. LAFEU. Farewell, pretty lady; you must hold the credit of your father. Exeunt BERTRAM and LAFEU HELENA. O, were that all! I thi
d heavy sorrows of the blood Which nature, love, and filial tenderness, Shall, O dear father, pay thee plenteously. My due from thee is this imperial crown, Which, as i
f the Watch.] Pitiful sight! here lies the County slain; And Juliet bleeding, warm, and newly dead, Who here hath lain this two days buried. Go, tell the Prince; run to the Capulets; Raise up t
rning. SIR TOBY. Then he's a rogue and a passy measures pavin. I hate a drunken rogue. OLIVIA. Away with him. Who hath made t
 all the way had it not been that Dr. Ferrier, who lives near me, was going down by that very train. The doctor most kindly took charge of me, and it was well h
te wall. "Watson won't allow that I know anything of art, but that is mere jealousy, because our vie
urious as to our destination that my stories were slightly involved. To this day she declares that I told her one moving anecdote
e with them; so it is likely that neither he nor the interesting bridegroom will be permanently damaged by their morning's adventures. I think, Watson, that 
ot of their conversation was that the breach is quite healed, and that we are to dine at Merripit House next Friday as a sign of it. "I don't 
in professional matters, and that you are prepared to work for the work's sake. I may tell you, however, that his Gra
 to him from England What is the issue of the business there. Ham. It will be short; the interim is mine, And a man's life is no more than to say 'one.' But I am very 
 Let me hear you reconstruct the man by an examination of it." "I think," said I, following as far as I could the methods of my companion, "that Dr. Mortimer is a successful, elderly medical man, w
?" "No, Sherlock, no! That's the pinch. We have not. Ten papers were taken from Woolwich. There were seven in the pocket of Cadogan West. The three most essential are gone--stolen,
ock Holmes had listened with the utmost intentness to the statement of the unhappy schoolmaster. His
hat pure blood of mine Which thou didst force from Talbot, my brave boy.' Here purposing the Bastard to destroy, Came in strong rescue. Speak, thy father's care; Art thou not 
et, after all comparisons of truth, As truth's authentic author to be cited, 'As true as Troilus' shall crown up the verse And sanctify the numbers. CRESSIDA. Prophet
three, uncertain what horror was about to break from the heart of it. I was at Holmes's elbow, and I glanced for an instant at his face. It was pale and exultant, his eyes shining brightly in the mo
If then the King your father will restore But that one half which is unsatisfied, We will give up our right in Aquitaine, And hold fair frien
e to move our daughter. Look you, she lov'd her kinsman Tybalt dearly, And so did I. Well, we were born to die. 'Tis very late; she'll not come down to-night. I promise you, but for your company
ges understand the King. For your fair sakes have we neglected time, Play'd foul play with our oaths; your beau
 come If it were filled with your most high deserts? Though yet heaven knows it is but as a tomb Which hides your life, and shows not half your parts: If I could write the beauty of
ive, rather sulky expression, and a yellow parchment skin. He was a capable organizer, and the actual details
I spoke to her of the matter, she answered me abruptly; and in the carriage, on our way home, she seemed absurdly agitated over this trifling cause." "Indeed! You 
 so I leave you. Exit. Claud. My liege, your Highness now may do me good. Pedro. My love is thine to te
Well, what happened then?" "She wanted to see where the crime was done--had read about it in the papers, she said. She was a very respectable, well-spoken young woman, sir, and I
is hat actually brushed the cross bar of the doorway, and his breadth seemed to span it across from side to side. A large face, seared 
pour l'amour de Dieu, me pardonner! Je suis gentilhomme de bonne maison. Gardez ma vie, et je vous donnerai deux cents ecus
ollow Cade! CLIFFORD. Is Cade the son of Henry the Fifth, That thus you do exclaim you'll go with him? Will he conduct you through the heart of France, And make the meanest of you earls and dukes
as the horse, then?" "He tried to bluster out of it, but I described to him so exactly what his actions had been upon that morning that he is convinced that I was wat
accumulated terrors had shaken the hearts of the stoutest among them. There was not one who did not sink upon his knees in heartfelt prayer when they saw the broad valley of Utah
eathe the welkin dim And stain the sun with fog, as sometime clouds When they do hug him in their melting bosoms. MARCUS. O brother, speak with possibility, And do
own to the Albert Dock and found that she had been taken down the river by the early tide this morning, homeward bound to
pose, And by our holy Sabbath have I sworn To have the due and forfeit of my bond. If you deny it, let the danger light Upon yo
GUS. The bird is dead That we have made so much on. I had rather Have skipp'd from sixteen years of age to sixty, To have turn'd my leaping
id he, rising to his feet. "I have only to raise my voice, and I could call my servants and have you arrested. But I will make allowance for your natural anger. Leave the
'd to me Two several times by night; at Sardis once, And this last night here in Philippi fields. I know my hour is come. VOLUMNIUS. Not so, my lord. BRUTUS. Nay I am sure it is, Volumniu
 ELY. What was th' impediment that broke this off? CANTERBURY. The French ambassador upon that instant Crav'd audience; and the hour, I think, is come To give him heari
threw so curious a light upon the causes of the crime. It was a wild, tempestuous night towards the close of November. Holmes and I sat together in silence all the e
NT We will, fair Queen, up to the mountain's top, And mark the musical confusion Of hounds and echo in conjunction. HIPPOLYTA. 
r ladyship? Lady. Well, well, thou hast a careful father, child; One who, to put thee from thy heaviness, Hath sorted out a sudden day of joy That thou e
or. It beckons you to go away with it, As if it some impartment did desire To you alone. Mar. Look with what courteous action It waves 
found; Disorder, horror, fear, and mutiny, Shall here inhabit, and this land be call'd The field of Golgotha and d
enance, but it was prim, hard, and stern, with a firm-set, thin-lipped mouth, and a coldly intolerant eye. "Is it like anyone y
ombine By holy marriage. When, and where, and how We met, we woo'd, and made exchange of vow, I'll tell thee as we pass; but this
. A rascal! to brave me! DOLL. Ah, you sweet little rogue, you! Alas, poor ape, how thou sweat'st! Come, let me wipe thy face. Come on, you whoreson chops. Ah, rogue! i' fait
ied. 'Trust me only this once. You will never have cause to regret it. You know that I would not have a secret from you if it were not for your own sake. Our whole l
ht worthy you priority. COMINIUS. Noble Marcius! FIRST SENATOR. [To the Citizens] Hence to your homes; be gone. MARCIUS. Nay, let them fo
ound my collar-ends undone and the tingling after-taste of brandy upon my lips. Holmes was bending over my chair, his flask in his hand. "My dear Watson," said the well-remembered voice, "I
"we are the persecuted children of God--the chosen of the Angel Merona." "I never heard tell on him," said the wanderer. "He appe
hen, good Prince, No longer session hold upon my shame, But let my trial be mine own confession; Immediate sentence then, and sequent death
owever, I determined to act on the idea. I started at once in this harmless seaman's rig and inquired at all the yards down the river. I drew blank at fifteen, but at the
ossibility of something happening on the very morning of the wedding. James Windibank wished Miss Sutherland to be so bound to Hosmer Angel, and so uncertain as
inty's saloon, whispering across the bar to the Boss that the job had been well carried through. Others, and among them McMurdo, broke away into side
n them. SECOND SENATOR. Nor are they living Who were the motives that you first went out; Shame, that they wanted
ill fall for it? Swear priests and cowards and men cautelous, Old feeble carrions and such suffering souls That welcome wrongs; unto bad causes swear Such creatures as men doubt; but do not stain 
able's hearthrug. Beside him stood a very young man, whom I understood to be Wilder, the private secretary. He was small, nervous, alert, with intelligent, light-blue eyes and mobile features. It was
far behind us before he thrust the last one of them under the seat, and offered me his cigar-case. "We are going well," said he, looking out the win
r CAPTAINS, English and Welsh, GOWER and FLUELLEN GOWER. How now, Captain Fluellen! Come you from th
ey say till now that talk'd of Rome That her wide walls encompass'd but one man? Now is it Rome indeed, and room enough, When there is in it bu
he rising of the mountain foot That leads toward Mantua, whither they are fled. Dispatch, sweet gentlemen, and follow me. Exit THURIO. Why, this it is to be a peevish girl That flies her fortune when
k an orange from the cupboard, and tearing it to pieces he squeezed out the pips upon the table. Of these he took five and thrust them into an envelope. On the
d encouragement. The wretched, bloody, and usurping boar, That spoil'd your summer fields and fruitful vines, Swills your warm blood like wash, and makes his trough
unken cousin rule over me, yet have I the benefit of my senses as well as your ladyship. I have your own letter that induced me to the semblance I put on, with the which I doubt not but to
she mean by that? And you must have observed, Watson, how she manoeuvred to have the light at her back. She did not wish us to read her ex
ngross'd opportunities to meet her; fee'd every slight occasion that could but niggardly give me sight of her; not only bought many presents to give her, but have give
o honour him. Enough, speak no more of him; you'll be whipt for taxation one of these days. TOUCHSTONE. The more pity that fools may
ceives. If our betters play at that game, we must not dare To imitate them: faults that are rich are fair. VENTIDIUS. A noble spirit! TIMON. Nay, my lords, ceremony was but devis'd at first 
shall still find room, Even in the eyes of all posterity That wear this world out to the ending doom. So till 
ghts were entirely absorbed by the terrible object which lay upon the tiger-skin hearthrug in front of the fire. It was the 
 house is dark. CLOWN. Madman, thou errest. I say there is no darkness but ignorance; in which thou art more 
k we can even venture to smoke to pass the time. However, it's a two to one chance that we get something to pay us for our trouble." It proved, howev
r. Then the charge against him will break down." "Hum! We will talk about that. And now let us hear a true account of the next 
ess, but her eyes were flushed with crying. As she swept silently into the room she impressed me with a greater sense of grief than the banker had done in the mo
If you think it meet, compound with him by the year, and let him abide here with you; if not, use him for the present, and dismiss him. He cannot plead his estimation wit
ee, rubbing his hands together with satisfaction. "Don't you think that is an admirable sentiment?" Dr. Mortimer looked at Holmes with an air of professional interest, and S
OMIO OF EPHESUS. Am I so round with you, as you with me, That like a football you do spurn me thus? You s
ase I will beget Mine issue of your blood upon your daughter. A grandam's name is little less in love Than is the doating title of 
es were weak, just as mine are, and he wore tinted glasses against the glare." "Well, and what happened when Mr. Windibank, your stepfather, returned to France?" "Mr. Hosmer Angel came to the house a
ained up in arms. KING RICHARD. He said the truth; and what said Surrey then? RATCLIFF. He smil'd, and
l preserve myself; and am bethought To take the basest and most poorest shape That ever penury, in contempt of man, Brought nea
 ones scarce tell true. To lapse in fulness Is sorer than to lie for need; and falsehood Is worse in kings than beggars. My dear lord! Thou art one o' th' false 
 not for the love of Edward but the crown. KING EDWARD. Clarence and Somerset both gone to Warwick! Yet am I arm'd against the worst
showing that there was very little ink in the bottle. Now, a private pen or ink-bottle is seldom allowed to be in such a state, an
tore. Joy to you, Mariana! Love her, Angelo; I have confess'd her, and I know her virtue. Thanks, good friend Escalus, for thy much goodness
istant tors as rocks borne upon its surface. Holmes's face was turned towards it, and he muttered impatiently as he watched its sl
sand crowns. PETRUCHIO. And for that dowry, I'll assure her of Her widowhood, be it that she survive me, In all my lands and leases whatsoever. Let specialities be therefore drawn be
said he, "has that constable in the passage been in charge of the place all the time?" "Yes, he has." "Well, take 
everally entreat him. Beat loud the tambourines, let the trumpets blow, That this great soldier may his welcome know. Exeunt all but TROIL
him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night A
st. FIRST MURTHERER. Then stand with us. The west yet glimmers with some streaks of day; Now spurs the lated traveler apace To gain the timely inn, and near approache
n beyond me, Mr. Holmes. We saw you when we returned from Tunbridge Wells last night, and you were in general agreement with our res
to the bad. Her story got about, and several of the people here did something to enable her to earn an honest living. Stapleton did for one, and Sir Charles for 
old as another man's sword will; and there's an end. BARDOLPH. I will bestow a breakfast to make you friends; and we'll be all three sworn brothers to France. Let't be so, goo
tated by the egotism which seemed to demand that every line of my pamphlet should be devoted to his own special doings
f our flesh; few are angels; out of which frailty And want of wisdom, you, that best should teach us, Hav
 discharge their birding-pieces. MRS. PAGE. Creep into the kiln-hole. FALSTAFF. Where is it? MRS. FORD. He will seek there, on my word. Neither press, coffer, chest, trunk, well
nnot confide it even to you, who have been good enough to chronicle one or two of my little problems." "And have you any on hand just now?" I as
with interest to the dialogue of the two detectives. Gregory was formulating his theory, which was almost exactly what Holmes had foretold in the train. "The net is drawn pretty clo
s in a silken thread, Charm ache with air and agony with words. No, no! 'Tis all men's office to speak
n him. "To my surprise, it was a woman who answered the summons, a large, coarse-faced, elderly woman, in an apron. She expla
 cottage, pasture, and the flock, And thou shalt have to pay for it of us. CELIA. And we will mend thy wages. I like this place, And willingly could waste
 lay to that! You hold on to him, and you may kiss the book that he'll haul you through." "'That was his style of talk, and at first I thought it meant 
at turn'd your wit the seamy side without, And made you to suspect me with the Moor. IAGO. You are a fool; go to. DESDEMONA. O good Iago, What shall I do to win my lord again? Good friend
rning the dancing men to good when they have so often been the agents of evil, and I think that I have fulfilled my promise of giving you somethi
 the station to report this matter to the police. Offer to assist them in every way. We shall wait here until your return." The little ma
t may be quaintly ordered; And better in my mind not undertook. LORENZO. 'Tis now but four o'clock; we have two hours To furnish us. Enter LAUNCELOT, With a letter Friend La
evil, I had rather he should shrive me than wive me. Come, Nerissa. Sirrah, go before. Whiles we shut the gate
oms in Montague Street, just round the corner from the British Museum, and there I waited, filling in my too abundant leisure time by studying all those branches of science which might make
s in them. SECOND SENATOR. Nor are they living Who were the motives that you first went out; Shame, that they wanted cunning, 
vages- as soldiers will, That nothing do but meditate on blood- To swearing and stern looks, diffus'd attire, And everything that seems unnatural. Wh
in sadness, who is that you love? Rom. What, shall I groan and tell thee? Ben. Groan? Why, no; But sadly tell me who. Rom. Bi
t swore to ride before him to the field. PARIS. 'Tis Troilus' fault. Come, come to field with him. DEIPHOBUS. Let us make ready straight. AENEAS. Yea, with a bri
 lady prays you to have a care of him. MALVOLIO. Ah, ha! does she so? SIR TOBY. Go to, go to; peace, peace; we must deal gently with him. Let me alone. How do you, Malvolio? How is't with you? Wha
 wit! I will dry-beat you with an iron wit, and put up my iron dagger. Answer me like men. 'When griping grief the heart doth wound, And doleful dump
 to do Antonius good, But 'twould offend him; and in his offence Should my performance perish. SILIUS. Thou hast, Ventidius, that Without the which a soldier and his sword Grants scar
aise, an outward part, We bend to that the working of the heart; As I for praise alone now seek to spill The poor deer's blood that my heart means no ill. BOYET. Do not curst wives hold tha
not presume to dictate to him. On that the Secretary gave it up as a bad job, and simply bargained with him that if he missed the last train he should rejoin him at Halliday's Private Hotel; to 
some slight difficulty in undoing the heavy iron gates, and we heard the hoarse roar of the doctor's voice and saw the fury with which he shook his clinched f
 been able to throw no light upon the matter. It is really the most extraordinary and inexplicable business.' "You can imagine wit
 Indies. You have not seen such a thing as 'tis; I can hardly forbear hurling things at him. I know my lady will strike him; if sh
rant, shall name your Highness in this form and with this addition, in French, Notre tres cher fils Henri, Roi d'Angleterre, Heritier de France; and thus in Latin, Praeclarissimus filius
d thee, But love thee better than thou canst devise Till thou shalt know the reason of my love; And so good Capulet, which name I tend
ple may be moved By that which he will utter? BRUTUS. By your pardon, I will myself into the pulpit first, And show the reason of our Caesar's death. 
 mutual ordering; Resembling sire, and child, and happy mother, Who all in one, one pleasing note do sing: Whose speechless song being many, seeming one, Sings this to thee, 'Thou single w
 humour'd thus, Comes at the last, and with a little pin Bores through his castle wall, and farewell, king! Cover your heads, and mock not flesh and blood With solemn
-night. I cannot allow the examination to be held if one of the papers has been tampered with. The situation must be faced." "You must leave it as it is. I shall drop round early to-morrow morning 
of the house?" The detective looked at my friend in a singular way. "There were," said he, "one or two very remarkable things. Perhaps when I have finished at the police-station you wou
, or your pearl again? BEROWNE. Neither of either; I remit both twain. I see the trick on't: here was a consent, Knowing aforehand of our merriment, To dash it like a Chri
hem shall I take? Both? one? or neither? Neither can be enjoy'd, If both remain alive. To take the widow Exasperates, makes mad her sister Goneril; And 
hung in the future corner. When this was drawn it disclosed a large, brass-bound safe. Von Bork detached a small key from his watch chain, and after so
ket and laid a ten-pound note upon the table. "You will kindly sign that paper, Mr. Sandeford, in the presence of these witnesses. It is simply to say that you transfer
aw something in his eyes which was nearer to tenderness than I had ever seen. The next instant he was his masterful, practical self once more. "It is nearly half a mile, but there is no hu
fection gapes to be his heir; That fair for which love groan'd for and would die, With tender Juliet match'd, is now not fair. Now Ro
she the divine than the physician. God, God, forgive us all! Look after her; Remove from her the means of all annoyance, And still keep eyes upon her. So 
u for that cunning whore of Venice That married with Othello. [Raises his voice.] You, mistress, That have the off
 admitting Counsel o' th' war; but at his nurse's tears He whin'd and roar'd away your victory, That pages blush'd at him, and me
rth And, being anger'd, puffs away from thence, Turning his face to the dew-dropping South. Ben. This wind you talk of blows us from ourselves. Supper is done, and we shall com
 off. MENENIUS. And 'twas time for him too, I'll warrant him that; an he had stay'd by him, I would not hav
t off! BOYET. My lady goes to kill horns; but, if thou marry, Hang me by the neck, if horns that year misca
f admiration, though the catalogue of his endowments had been tabled by his side, and I to peruse him by items. PHILARIO. You speak of him when he was less furnish'd th
eak. CLIFFORD. My liege, the wound that bred this meeting here Cannot be cur'd by words; therefore be still. RICHARD. Then, executioner, unsheathe thy sword. By Him that made us all, I am resolv
forever punish the innocent beyond that third or fourth generation which is threatened in Holy Writ. To that Providence, my sons, I hereby commend you, and I counsel you by way of caution to
that is not the matter I challenge thee for.' FABIAN. Very brief, and to exceeding good sense- less. SIR TOBY. [Reads] 'I will waylay thee going home; where if
RK ARCHBISHOP. Last night, I hear, they lay at Stony Stratford, And at Northampton they do rest to-night; To-morrow or next day they will be here. DUCHESS. I long wi
 wind and stream. Re-enter Cassio; with him Montano and Gentlemen; Servants following with wine. CASSIO. 'Fore God, they have given me a rouse
y. "Not a warning will he get till your hand is on his throat. It's a pity there are no shutters to your wi
g the night. I had them washed out, and I only mentioned the matter to my wife afterwards. To my surprise she took it very seriously, and begged me if any more c
iting shows considerable agitation, and he is not an emotional man. Yes, I gather there has been violence, and that the body is left for our inspection. A mere suicide would not
igressing from the valour of a man; Thy dear love sworn but hollow perjury, Killing that love which thou hast vow'd to cherish; Thy wit, that ornament to shape and love, Miss
suppose it is pretty thick, now that you mention it." "Thick! It is intolerable." "Open the window, then! You have been at your club all day, I perceive." "My dear Holmes!" "Am I right?" "Certai
s lodge-keeper, his house being the nearest, to ask for assistance. I saw no one near my father when I returned, and I have no idea how he came by his injuries. He was not a popular m
ucilius, When love begins to sicken and decay It useth an enforced ceremony. There are no tricks in plain and simple faith; But hollow men, like horses hot
 like a waiting gentlewoman Of guns and drums and wounds- God save the mark!- And telling me the sovereignest thing on ea
to fright us. SEBASTIAN. A spirit I am indeed, But am in that dimension grossly clad Which from the womb I did participate. Were you a wo
o untender? Cor. So young, my lord, and true. Lear. Let it be so! thy truth then be thy dower! For, by the sacred radiance of the sun, The mysteries of Hecate and the night; By all the
was the first to rush into my room, and, at the sight of the coronet and of Arthur's face, she read the whole story and, with a scream, fell down senseless on the ground. I sen
uke's to bid the priest be ready to come against you come with your appendix. Exit LUCENTIO. I may and will, if she be so
y life to me is sweet. If thou wilt fight, fight by thy father's side; And, commendable prov'd, let's die in pride. Exeunt SCEN
ervile usage once offend, Go and be free again as Suffolk's friend. [She is going] O, stay! [Aside] I have no power to let her pass; My hand would free her, but my heart says no. As plays t
 homely as it looks, this thing has some deadly story linked on to it--that it is the clue which will guide you in the solution of some mystery a
vered with such intense earnestness that I could not doubt that some grave and deep reason lay behind it. I resisted all pressure to stay for lunch, and I set off at onc
 could see from Holmes's rigid face that he was vibrating with inward excitement. "Look here, Lestrade," said he, "has that c
 struck me as being a little out of the common." "They often vanish before the ceremony, and occasionally 
enter Where folly now possesses? Do thou work. When thou shalt bring me word she loves my son, I'll tell thee on the instant thou art then As grea
and. GRUMIO. Katherine the curst! A title for a maid of all titles the worst. HORTENSIO. Now shall my
ry each combination until a meaning was arrived at. I, therefore, waited for fresh material. In my second interview with Mr. Hilton Cubitt he was able to give me two other short sentence
to mischief! I, Beyond all limit of what else i' th' world, Do love, prize, honour you. MIRANDA. I am a fool To weep at what I am glad of. PROSPERO. [Aside] Fair encounter O
 make your head ache. PORTER. You i' th' camlet, get up o' th' rail; I'll peck you o'er the pales else. Exeunt ACT V. SCENE 5. The palace Enter TRUMPETS, sounding; then two ALDERMEN, LORD MAYO
us play I in one person many people, And none contented. Sometimes am I king; Then treasons make me wish myself a beggar, And so I am. Then crushing penury Persuade
ur thee. MARGARET. Margaret my name, and daughter to a king, The King of Naples-whosoe'er thou art. SUFFOLK. An earl I am, and Suffolk am I call'd. Be not offended, nature's miracle, Thou 
er. What is the matter? Nurse. Look, look! O heavy day! Mother. O me, O me! My child, my only life! Revive, look up, o
reed; I'll to yond corner. BURGUNDY. And I to this. TALBOT. And here will Talbot mount or make his grave. Now, Salisbury, for thee
o Cupid hoodwink'd with a scarf, Bearing a Tartar's painted bow of lath, Scaring the ladies like a crowkeeper; Nor no without-book prologue, fa
In an instant I had caught him round the waist, and held him up while Holmes and Pycroft untied the elastic bands whic
e sealing-day betwixt my love and me For everlasting bond of fellowship- Upon that day either prepare to die For disobedience to your father's will, Or 
ree lead on this preparation Whither 'tis bent. Most likely 'tis for you; Consider of it.' FIRST SENATOR. O
ve me a living. I used to be able to keep two assistants, but now I only keep one; and I would have a job to pay him but that he is willing to come for half wages so as to learn the business."
glitt'ring o'er my fault, Shall show more goodly and attract more eyes Than that which hath no foil to set it off. I'll so o
k on cobras. I have one here without the fangs, and Teddy catches it every night to please the folk in the canteen. "Any oth
ns sue, Men give like gods; but when they weep and kneel, All their petitions are as freely theirs As they themselves would owe them.
m from York's great stock, Why didst thou say of late thou wert despis'd? PLANTAGENET. First, lean thine aged back ag
They are only too clear," I answered with conviction. "And yet, with a little more material, we may prove that t
 have fed upon my signories, Dispark'd my parks and fell'd my forest woods, From my own windows torn my household coat, Raz'd o
with the lion deeply still in league, And lulls him whilst she playeth on her back, And when he sleeps will she do what she lis
ich had been burned by tropical suns, and a springy step which showed that the huge frame was as active as it was strong. He closed the door behind him, and then he stood with clenched hands and he
d-belt. But the girl held true to me, and it seemed that I would have had her when the Mutiny broke out, and all hell was loose in the country. 
but I'll be Protector over him. DICK. And furthermore, we'll have the Lord Say's head for selling the dukedom of Maine. CADE. And go
otionless, like a spider in the center of its web, but that web has a thousand radiations, and he knows well every quiver of each of them. He does little himself.
 thy solemn feast, I will bring in the Empress and her sons, The Emperor himself, and all thy foes; And at thy mercy shall they stoop and kneel, And on them shalt
eese to?' and 'What will you take for the geese?' One would think they were the only geese in the world, to hear the 
. Pless my soul, how full of chollors I am, and trempling of mind! I shall be glad if he have deceived me. How melancholies I am! I will knog his urinals about his knave's costard when I have
them and returned them. "You are just the man I want," said he. "Here's the agreement on the side-table. If you sign it the whole matter will be settled." The seaman
help! Here's a madman will murder me. Exit PEDANT. Help, son! help, Signior Baptista! Exit from above PETRUCHIO. Prithee, Kate, let's stand aside and see the end of this controv
ut Thurio thinks not so. Proteus, the good conceit I hold of thee- For thou hast shown some sign of good de
he said, shaking his head. "How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible whatever remains, however improbable, must
t ceremony. CAMILLO. Sir, I think You have heard of my poor services i' th' love That I have borne your father? FLORIZ
 But our trap should be here." He put his two forefingers between his teeth and whistled shrilly--a signal which was answered by a
n us! JULIA. How now! what means this passion at his name? LUCETTA. Pardon, dear madam; 'tis a passing shame That I, unworthy body as I am, Should c
r by the hand. "That's what I think," said he. "I know that every word is true, for you have hardly said a word which I did not know. N
dear Watson, when I have exterminated that fourth egg I shall be ready to put you in touch with the whole situation. I don't say that we ha
 There could be no question, however, that someone had passed along the grass border which lines the path, and that h
should, indeed, give us a further use to be made than alone the recov'ry of the King, as to be- LAFEU. Generally thankful. Enter KING, HELENA, and ATTENDANTS PAR
ine enemy, Who if he break thou mayst with better face Exact the penalty. SHYLOCK. Why, look you, how you storm! I would be friends with you, and have your love, Forget the 
verse, When I (perhaps) compounded am with clay, Do not so much as my poor name rehearse; But let your love even with my life decay. Lest the w
DUKE. Madam, I am most apt t' embrace your offer. [To VIOLA] Your master quits you; and, for your servic
y Most incident to maids; bold oxlips, and The crown-imperial; lilies of all kinds, The flow'r-de-luce being one. O, these I lack To make you garlands of, and my sweet friend To strew him o'
hn Clay, the murderer, thief, smasher, and forger. He's a young man, Mr. Merryweather, but he is at the head of his profession, and I would rather have my bracelets on him th
d with a somewhat sullen, defiant air, and put down his hands to assist. At that instant there was a sharp click, the jangling of metal, and Sherlock Holmes sprang t
 mine eye-bans into bullets turn'd, That I in rage might shoot them at your faces! O that I could but can these dead to life! It were enough to frigh
 them and that husband's dead body. Should I ever marry, Watson, I should hope to inspire my wife with some feeling which would prev
ffer him, if this be so, a wrong Something unfilial. Reason my son Should choose himself a wife; but as good reason The father- all whose joy is nothing else But fair posterity- should 
 title, wisdom, Cannot conclude but by the yea and no Of general ignorance- it must omit Real necessities, and give way the whi
e rascals? MAN. Pray, sir, be patient; 'tis as much impossible, Unless we sweep 'em from the door with cannons, To scatter 'em as 'tis to make 'em sleep On May-day morning; which will never be. W
at would avoid dispraise Paints itself black, to imitate her brow. DUMAIN. To look like her are chimney-sweepers black. LONGAVILLE. And since her time are collier
-three cases my name has only appeared in four, and the police have had all the credit in forty-nine. I don't blame you for not knowing this, for you are young 
he fell in love. I have heard him read many lectures against it; and I thank God I am not a woman, to be touch'd with so many giddy off
ow unthrift that was beloved after his means? TIMON. Who, without those means thou talk'st of, didst thou ever know belo
rts you see not; they are pitiful; And pity to the general wrong of Rome- As fire drives out fire, so pity pity- Hath done this deed on Caesar. For your part, To you our 
esence is gracious and kind, Or to thy self at least kind-hearted prove, Make thee another self for love of me, T
and presses ransacked, with the result that an odd volume of Pope's Homer, two plated candlesticks, an ivory letter-weight, a small oak barometer, and a ball of twine are all that have vanished." "
as the phoenix, may bring forth A bird that will revenge upon you all; And in that hope I throw mine eyes to heaven, Scorning whate'er you 
like quick-silver. DOLL. I' faith, and thou follow'dst him like a church. Thou whoreson little tidy Bartholomew boar-pig, when wilt thou leave fighting a days and foinin
ifteen year or more. PAGE. Ay, and the time seems thirty unto me, Being all this time abandon'd from your bed. SLY. 'Tis much. Servants, leave me and her alone. Exeunt SERVANTS Madam, undre
ight he will devote his whole energies to revenging himself upon me. He said as much in our short interview, and I fancy that he meant it. I should certainly recommend you to return 
age, as he seemed half out of his mind with fear. When I went upstairs with him he pointed to several footpri
. For my part, I should like all Europe and America to hear the rights of it." He was a small, wiry, sunburnt man, clean-shaven, with a sharp face and alert man
entlemen of blood and quality. The names of those their nobles that lie dead: Charles Delabreth, High Constable of France; Jaques of Chatillon, Ad
 dark silhouette appeared suddenly upon his blind. He was pacing swiftly up and down his room. "I shou
ood of a much troubled breast, And I do fearfully believe 'tis done What we so fear'd he had a charge to do. SALISBURY. The colour of the King doth come and
oliday, and as to my companion, neither the country nor the sea presented the slightest attraction to him. He love
s'd that to believing souls Gives light in darkness, comfort in despair! Enter the MAYOR OF SAINT ALBANS and his brethren, bearing Simpcox between 
hurt you." "I remember," Holmes gasped. "The spring! It drew blood. This box--this on the table." "The very on
mp at Saint Edmundsbury Enter, in arms, LEWIS, SALISBURY, MELUN, PEMBROKE, BIGOT, and soldiers LEWIS. My Lord Melun, let this b
 Fal. Have you any levers to lift me up again, being down? 'Sblood, I'll not bear mine own flesh so far afoot again for all the coin in thy father's exchequer. What a plague mean ye to 
tiny, so; an't be not, so. No man's too good to serve 's Prince; and, let it go which way it will, he that dies this year is quit for the next. BARDOLPH. Well said; th'art a good fellow. FEEBLE. Fait
ou might ever do Nothing but that; move still, still so, And own no other function. Each your doing, So singular in each particular
 appointment at the Foreign Office, and that I was in a situation of trust and honor until a horrible misfortune came suddenly to blast my career. There is no use writing of the details of that dr
neither claim'd it nor deserv'd it, And therefore, in mine opinion, cannot have it. Then, taking him from thence that is not there, You break no privilege 
ast him to the window through which she was accustomed to hand the meals. It was already opened, and Hunter was seated at the small table inside. She had begun to tell him of what had h
ain, sir, that very oft, When I am dull with care and melancholy, Lightens my humour with his merry jests. What, will you walk with me a
queer humors, would sit in an arm-chair with his hair-trigger and a hundred Boxer cartridges, and proceed to adorn the opposite wall with a patriotic V. R. done in bullet-pocks, I fe
some small glory, But he that writes of you, if he can tell, That you are you, so dignifies his story. Let him but copy what in you is writ, Not making worse what nature made so c
 MAYOR. My lords, we were forewarned of your coming And shut the gates for safety of ourselves, For now we owe allegiance unto Henry. KING EDWARD. But, Master Mayor, if Henry be your King, Yet
As rootedly as I. Burn but his books. He has brave utensils-for so he calls them- Which, when he has a house, he'll deck withal. And that most deeply to consider is The beauty
 apart their particular functions and wonder at him. I once writ a sonnet in his praise and began thus: 'Wonder of 
. "Of course, he did not realize that it was I who was knocking, but none the less his conduct was very uncourteous, and, indeed, under the circumstances rather suspicious." Holmes's respon
ith all his show'rs. In summer's drought I'll drop upon thee still; In winter with warm tears I'll melt the snow And keep eternal spring-time 
ll. He lov'd me-O false wench!-Give't me again. DIOMEDES. Whose was't? CRESSIDA. It is no matter, now I ha't again
uiled shore To a most dangerous sea; the beauteous scarf Veiling an Indian beauty; in a word, The seeming truth which cunnin
e is me! you are so sick of late, So far from cheer and from your former state. That I distrust you. Yet, thoug
 as it is. FALSTAFF. It hath it original from much grief, from study, and perturbation of the brain. I have read the cause of hi
er. Welcome then, Thou unsubstantial air that I embrace! The wretch that thou hast blown unto the worst Owes nothing to thy blasts. Enter Gloucester, led by an Old Man. But who comes 
e to have so singular a companion?" "Ah, that is more than I can tell. Since, however, we had already determined that Small had come from t
him. 'Tis a blushing shame- fac'd spirit that mutinies in a man's bosom; it fills a man full of obstacles: it made me once restore a purse of gold that-by chance I found. It beggars any man that 
r behaviour in thee, Captain; And though that nature with a beauteous wall Doth oft close in pollution, yet of thee I will believe thou hast a mind that su
how I read it; for nothing else will fit the facts." The sergeant picked up a card which lay beside the dead man on the floor. The initials V.
in Octavia's wing, And sudden push gives them the overthrow. Ride, ride, Messala. Let them all come down. Exeunt. SCENE III. Anot
oor price, I need not to ask you if gold will corrupt him to revolt. PAROLLES. Sir, for a cardecue he will sell the fee-simple o
tomites, reverend and gracious, Steering with due course toward the isle of Rhodes, Have there injointed them with an after fleet. FIRST SENATOR. Ay, so I thought
to her recompense; and here, by this, is your brother saved, your honour untainted, the poor Mariana advantaged, and the corrupt deputy scaled. The maid will I 
ce. OLIVIA. Have you any commission from your lord to negotiate with my face? You are now out of your text; but we will draw the curtain and show you the
who, in a cheap estimation, is worth all your predecessors since Deucalion; though peradventure some of the best of 'em were hereditary hangmen. God-den to your worships. More of your co
Content!' to that which grieves my heart, And wet my cheeks with artificial tears, And frame my face to all occasions. I'll drown more sailors than the mermaid shall; I'll slay more
 make at sea in a stiff tempest, As loud, and to as many tunes; hats, cloaks- Doublets, I think-flew up, and h
now he is at the bottom of fifty murders, and yet we have nothing positive we can take him on. I tracked him over from New York, and I've been close to him for a week in London, waitin
disappearance of Captain Morstan. We read the details in the papers, and, knowing that he had been a friend of our father's, we discussed the case freely in his presence. He
. Your correspondent says two friends. He and I have worked together before." "But would he come?" she asked, with something appealing in her voice and expression. "I should be pr
lady closer, for I well believe Thou wilt not utter what thou dost not know, And so far will I trust thee, gentle Kate. Lady. How? so
hion! You don't seem to realize the position. To-morrow is the examination. I must take some definite action to-night
ght tell a hundred. Both. Longer, longer. Hor. Not when I saw't. Ham. His beard was grizzled- no? Hor. It was, as I have seen it in his 
i' faith! Come, begin. [Catch sung] Enter MARIA MARIA. What a caterwauling do you keep here! If my lady have
e Without discharge, money, or furniture, Till France be won into the Dauphin's hands. Last time I danc'd attendance on his will Till Paris was besieg'd, famish'd, and
 as hanging presently. AARON. If there be devils, would I were a devil, To live and burn in everlasting fire, So I might have your company in hell But to torment you with my bitte
espond with Gordon's picture there." "You have followed me wonderfully!" I exclaimed. "So far I could hardly have gone astray. But now your thoughts went back to Beecher, and you looked har
er men can make nothing of, although they have seen every detail for themselves?" "Quite so. I have a kind of intuition that way. Now and again a case turns up which is a little more complex. 
an trace the relation between them. There is one obvious point which would, in any case, have turned my suspicions against Lucas. Godolphin Street, Westminster, is only a few minutes' walk from Whit
d For all her cherubin look. PHRYNIA. Thy lips rot off! TIMON. I will not kiss thee; then the rot returns To thine own lips again. ALCIBIADES. Ho
e started, tapped me on the shoulder, and pointed over the meadows. "Look there!" said he. A heavily timbered park stretched up in a gentle slope, thickening into a grove at the highest point. From
, look ye. PAINTER. You are rapt, sir, in some work, some dedication To the great lord. POET. A thing slipp'd idly from me. Our poesy is as a gum, which
m soil win of the watery main, Increasing store with loss, and loss with store. When I have seen such interchange
es PROTEUS. Sebastian is thy name? I like thee well, And will employ thee in some service presently. JULIA. In 
 Hymen now with luckier issue speeds Than this for whom we rend'red up this woe. Exeunt. Scene IV The hall in Leonato's hou
arition: an armed Head. MACBETH. Tell me, thou unknown power- FIRST WITCH. He knows thy thought: Hear his speech, but say thou nou
McGinty, you may call me that if it eases your smart. You and your like have been the enemy of God and man in these parts. It took a ma
 so very good. The aortic I may rely upon, but I should value your opinion upon the mitral." I listened to his heart, as requested, but was un
he Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes Silver Blaze The Yellow Face The Stock-Broker's Clerk The "Gloria Scott" The Musgrave Ritual The Reigate Squir
aps you would be kind enough to tell me what I should do." "Pray take a seat, Miss Hunter. I shall be happy to do anything that I can to
yond lay another dull wilderness of bricks and mortar, its silence broken only by the heavy, regular footfall of the policeman, or the songs and shouts of some belated party of revellers. A du
 but otherwise they are exactly as written and show my feelings and suspicions of the moment more accurately than my memory, clear as it is upon these tra
you both; yet one but flatters us, As well appeareth by the cause you come; Namely, to appeal each other of high treason. Cousin of Hereford, what dost 
l so, And own no other function. Each your doing, So singular in each particular, Crowns what you are doing in the present deeds, Tha
ollar in my life. Those I gave you were as good as any others; but I never spent money better. But I knew the way into your good wishes and so I pretended to you that the law was after me. I
by the obtuse but resolute Lestrade, and I have no doubt that we shall have all our details filled i
thy last living leave. In winter's tedious nights sit by the fire With good old folks, and let them tell thee tales Of woeful ages long ago betid; And ere thou bid good night, to quit 
 there? Could anyone have got away through that door after the time that you heard the cry, Susan?" "No sir; it is impossible. Before I got down the
es in the snow which might help me. I knew that none had fallen since the evening before, and also that there had bee
hadow upon the inner side, and here it was that we crouched. "I fear that you'll have a long wait," Holmes whispered. "We may thank our stars
contented sun From out the fiery portal of the east, When he perceives the envious clouds are bent To dim his glory and to stain the track Of h
traint of hospitable zeal In the relief of this oppressed child Religiously provokes. Be pleased then To pay that duty which you truly owe To him that owes it, namely, this young pri
of sleep come upon me. TITANIA. Sleep thou, and I will wind thee in my arms. Fairies, be gone, and be all
 thee forgiveness. So we'll live, And pray, and sing, and tell old tales, and laugh At gilded butter
 upon the table; and, with a quaint device, the banquet vanishes ARIEL. You are three men of sin, whom Destiny, That hath to instrument this lower world And what is in't, the never-surfeited sea H
ot? DESDEMONA. No, faith, my lord. OTHELLO. That's a fault. That handkerchief Did an Egyptian to my mother give; She was a charmer, and could
 BERTRAM. She never saw it. KING. Thou speak'st it falsely, as I love mine honour; And mak'st conjectural fears to come into me Which I would fain shut out. If it should prove
to know What doth befall you here. So, fare you well. To th' hopeful execution do I leave you Of your 
h you to imagine- Enter a Messenger with letters. How now? What news? Mess. Letters, my lord, from Hamlet: This to yo
 they took into partnership, as any foreign criminal could do, this great consultant in crime. From that moment their man was doomed. At first he would content himself by using his machinery in o
w rusty? Ros. Nay, their endeavour keeps in the wonted pace; but there is, sir, an eyrie of children, little eyases, that cry out on the top of question and are most tyrannical
scape, I will preserve myself; and am bethought To take the basest and most poorest shape That ever penury, in contempt of man, Brought near to beast. My face I'll grime with filth, Blanket my loin
l dog in some affairs. Sir John affects thy wife. FORD. Why, sir, my wife is not young. PISTOL. He woos both high and low, both rich and poor, Both young and old, one with another, Ford; H
atisfied manner. "Mr. Gregson," he said, "I have just made a discovery of the highest importance, and one which would have be
's curls; the front of Jove himself; An eye like Mars, to threaten and command; A station like the herald Mercury New lighted on a heaven-kissing hill: A combination and a form indeed Where every go
 is an interesting case, too, at the bottom of it." "I can make little of it," I confessed. "Well, it is quite evident that 
nt to one Master Bassanio, who indeed gives rare new liveries; if I serve not him, I will run as far as God has any ground. O rare fortune! Here comes the man. To him, father, f
s he ever told me. And why--why? I imagined that all was for my own sake. But now I see that I was never anything but 
e path. Now let us follow the trail. I fear that it will not lead very far." We found, however, as we advanced that this portion of the moor is intersected with soft patches
 boilers were strained to their utmost, and the frail shell vibrated and creaked with the fierce energy which was driving us along. We had shot through the Pool, past the West India Do
 rest goes even, I should my tears let fall upon your cheek, And say 'Thrice welcome, drowned Viola!' VIOLA. My father had a mole upon his brow. SEBASTIAN. And so had min
For seven dollars a week paid in advance he was to have board and lodging. So it was that McMurdo, the self-confessed 
ay you tell Benedick of it and hear what 'a will say. Leon. Were it good, think you? Claud. Hero thinks surely she will die; for she
nd, there turn and change together. My love with words and errors still she feeds, But edifies another with her deeds. Exeunt severally ACT V. SCENE 4. The plain between Troy and th
 lord, WILLIAM Lord Hastings had pronounc'd your part- I mean, your voice for crowning of the King. GLOUCESTER. Than my
angements exactly as he left them. These are his wigwams with the roofs off. You can even see his hearth and his couch if you ha
ords of Ross, Beaumond, and Willoughby, With all their powerful friends, are fled to him. BUSHY. Why have you not proclaim'd Northumberland And all t
great fire at Atlanta very shortly after his death, and all her papers were destroyed." "And yet she had a certificate of death. You say that you saw i
r. Holmes, any news?" he cried. "I have some hopes." "Ah, thank heaven!" His face became radiant. "The Prime Minister is lunching with me. May he share your hopes? He has nerves of ste
ote doth tell me of ten thousand French That in the field lie slain; of princes in this number, And nobles bearing banners, 
received, Mr. Holmes, and my mind is made up that I will accept it. I thought, however, that before taking the final step I should like to submit the whole matt
and of Mr. Joseph Stangerson. The details of the case will probably be never known now, though we are informed upon good authority that the crime was the result of an 
d lord. Fight valiantly to-day; And yet I do thee wrong to mind thee of it, For thou art fram'd of the
thy valour, and put up your sword. NYM. Will you shog off? I would have you solus. PISTOL. 'Solus,' egregious dog? O viper vile! The 'solus' in thy most me
, Bourn, bound of land, tilth, vineyard, none; No use of metal, corn, or wine, or oil; No occupation; all men idle, all; And women too, but innocent and pure; No sovere
t them ere destroy. But come in; Let me commend thee first to those that shall Say yea to thy desires. A thousand welcomes! And more a friend than e'er an 
your town, Being no further enemy to you Than the constraint of hospitable zeal In the relief of this oppressed child Religiously 
tretched neck. What's this, Watson? The top steps swilled down and the other ones dry. Footsteps enough, anyhow! Well, well, there's Lestrade at the
d him. Peterson had rushed forward to protect the stranger from his assailants; but the man, shocked at hav
 he shakes off; And so should you. ENOBARBUS. Your ships are not well mann'd; Your mariners are muleteers, reapers, people Ingross'd by swift impress. In Caesar's fle
te. Exit. Rom. How well my comfort is reviv'd by this! Friar. Go hence; good night; and here stands all your state: Either be gone before the watch be set, Or by the break of da
im. Stevenson is fast enough, but he couldn't drop from the twenty-five line, and a three-quarter who can't either punt or drop isn't worth a place for pace alone. No, Mr. Holmes, we are done unle
rshire; and, when you come to court, stand my good lord, pray, in your good report. PRINCE JOHN. Fare you well, Falstaff. I, in my condition, Shall better speak of you than 
LUCIO. [Aside] Ay, well said. ANGELO. The law hath not been dead, though it hath slept. Those many had not dar'd to do that evil If
e love. Which of them both Is dearest to me I have no skill in sense To make distinction. Provide this messenger. My heart is heavy, and mine age is weak; Grief would have tears, and sorrow bids me
ue advantage never present itself- a devilish knave! Besides, the knave is handsome, young, and hath all those re
ey all that is in your mind." I left him full of the image of this magnificent intellect babbling like a foolish child. He had handed me the key, and wi
 rehearse: I kill'd a man, whose death I much repent; But yet I slew him manfully in fight, Without false vantage or base treachery. FIRST OUTLAW. Why, ne'er repen
ll my sins lack mercy! O my father, Prove you that any man with me convers'd At hours unmeet, or that I yesternight Maintain'd the change of words with any creature, Refuse me, hate me, tortu
t risk and gain nothing by taking him. Surely that is clear." "Where is he, then?" "I have already said that he must have gone to King's Pyland or to Maple
 burglar had done, so I went round and opened the door. Stepping out into the dark I nearly fell over a dead man who was lying ther
ith him. As West forced his way after us into the house Oberstein struck him on the head. The blow was a fatal one. He was dead within five
 I was about to ring Mrs. Hudson entered with the tea and coffee. A few minutes later she brought in three covers, and we all drew up to the table, Holmes ra
the bell and summoned the servants. What were they doing, and why did they not instantly give the alarm? That is th
 the house, we found him stretched dead drunk upon the dining-room sofa. The whole incident left a most ugly impression upon my mind, and I was not sorry next day to leave
in the basket! MRS. FORD. I am half afraid he will have need of washing; so throwing him into the water will do him a benefit. MR
ht aside. THIRD SERVING-MAN. My lord, we know your Grace to be a man Just and upright, and for your royal birth Inferior to none but to his Majesty; 
u com'st. Suppose the singing birds musicians, The grass whereon thou tread'st the presence strew'd, The flowers fair ladie
he house except the man who acted as coachman, and his wife, both of whom were tools of the conspirators. Finding that their secret was out, and t
ave made murderous use of it as any other man. The card is some hocus-pocus,--a blind, as like as not. The only question is, how did he depart? Ah, of course, here is a hol
ach case it is only about three inches. You have an indication, you see, of a long body with very short legs attached to it. It has not been considerate enough to leave any of its hair behin
m of your poor old father, would you, lad?" He was very much moved, and shut himself up in the study all day, where I could see through the window that he was writing busily. "'That evenin
ere he comes. LORENZO. I shall grow jealous of you shortly, Launcelot, if you thus get my wife into corners.
, whose dark silhouette appeared suddenly upon his blind. He was pacing swiftly up and down his room. "I should like to h
r guests. That noble lady Or gentleman that is not freely merry Is not my friend. This, to confirm my welcome- And to you all, good health! [Drinks] SANDYS.
 limb by limb. HECTOR. O, like a book of sport thou'lt read me o'er; But there's more in me than thou understand'st. Why dost thou so oppress me with thine eye
nour, and fortunes, keep with you, Lord Timon! TIMON. Ready for his friends. Exeunt all but APEMANTUS and TIMON APE
n; I took you for that cunning whore of Venice That married with Othello. [Raises his voice.] You, mistress, That have the office opposite to Saint Peter, And keep the gate of hell! Re-en
ut in his gown, sitting in a chair. GLOUCESTER and HASTINGS fly over the stage SOMERSET. What are they that fly there? WARWICK. Richard and Hastings. Let them go; here is the Duke. KING ED
ance to you." "You? Who are you? How could you know anything of the matter?" "My name is Sherlock Holmes. It is my business to know what other people don't know." "But you can 
h a valiant company are fled. Now will we take some order in the town, Placing therein some expert officers; And then depart to Paris to the King, For there 
erved. It was only upon my representing to him that I had given a promise that "The Adventure of the Second Stain" should be published when the times were ripe,
ATRA. O, that his fault should make a knave of thee That art not what th'art sure of! Get thee hence. The merchandise which thou hast brought from
With Roger Bolingbroke, the conjurer? And will they undertake to do me good? HUME. This they have promised, to show your Highness A spirit rais'd from depth of underground That s
s prayers. Fare you well, my lord; and believe this of me: there can be no kernal in this light nut; the soul of this man is his clothes; trust him not in matter of h
orking? Only two days before the wedding there was a paragraph in the Morning Post to say that it was all off. And why? It is
found. HERMIONE. You gods, look down, And from your sacred vials pour your graces Upon my daughter's head! Tell me,
is confusion. He shall spurn fate, scorn death, and bear His hopes 'bove wisdom, grace, and fear. And you all know security Is mortals' chiefest enemy. Music a
 for he wore a foppish embroidered night-shirt, and his bare feet projected from his trousers. His head was horribly injured, and the whole room bore witness to the savage ferocity of the blow 
oul fiend Flibbertigibbet. He begins at curfew, and walks till the first cock. He gives the web and the pin, squints the eye, and makes t
, what a fall was there, my countrymen! Then I, and you, and all of us fell down, Whilst bloody treason flourish'd over us. O, now you weep, and I perceive you feel The dint of pity. These a
 she had no just cause of complaint against me, but you know what women are, Mr. Holmes. Flora was a dear little thing, but exceedingly hot-headed and devotedly attached to me. She
 my last one, which might alarm the main guard. The man who held me seemed to know my thoughts; for, even as I braced myself to it, he whispered, 'Don't make a noise. The f
nother instant he stood at the side of the hole and was hauling after him a companion, lithe and small like himself, with a pale face and a shock of very
 my shoulder. We had hardly sunk from view when the man flew past us on the road. Amid a rolling cloud of dust I caught a glimpse of a pale, agitated face--a face
 make his escape." "I can conceive of no explanation." "And yet there should be no combination of events f
ommand in't; though thy tackle's torn, Thou show'st a noble vessel. What's thy name? CORIOLANUS. Prepare thy brow to frown- know'st thou me yet? AUFIDI
d for no reply. O, let me make the period to my curse! GLOUCESTER. 'Tis done by me, and ends in-Margaret. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Thus have you breath'd your curse against yourself. QUEE
bject, if you can deduce anything from me.' "'I fear there is not very much,' I answered; 'I might suggest that you have gone about in fear of some personal attack within the last twelve mon
nd the murderer was a man. He was more than six feet high, was in the prime of life, had small feet for his height, wore coarse, square-toed boots and smoked a Trichinopoly cig
that price, so I intend to stick to it." "Well, it is very handsome of you, Mr. Holmes. I brought the bust up with me, as you asked me to do. Here it is!" He opened his bag, and at 
 cannot support myself. Now comes the sick hour that his surfeit made; Now shall he try his friends that flatte
man, with an impassive, rather sulky expression, and a yellow parchment skin. He was a capable organizer, and the actual details of nearly every 
 I sprang from my bed, wrapped a shawl round me, and rushed into the corridor. As I opened my door I seemed to hear a low whistle, such as my sister described, and a few moments later a cl
very dapper and quick, with a clear head and a ready tongue. "Yes, sir, I have already read the account in the evening papers. Mr. Horace Harker is a customer of o
little payment for so great a debt. Such duty as the subject owes the prince, Even such a woman oweth to her husband; And when she is froward, peevish, sullen, sour, And not obedient
dpiece seems as massy as his club? Con. All this I see; and I see that the fashion wears out more apparel than the man. But art 
g their high will. Exeunt. Manent Musicians [and Nurse]. 1. Mus. Faith, we may put up our pipes and be gone. Nurse. Honest good fellows, ah, 
avellers. Fal. Have you any levers to lift me up again, being down? 'Sblood, I'll not bear mine own flesh so far afoot again for all the coin in thy father's exchequer.
arums welcome them to Rome. TITUS. Let it be so, and let Andronicus Make this his latest farewell to their souls. [Sound trumpets and lay the coffin
s, give us leave. The Prince of Wales and I Must have some private conference; but be near at hand, For we shall presently have need of you. Exeunt Lords. 
cellent! Tell me where you picked him up and all that occurred." "He hailed me at half-past nine in Trafalgar Square. He said that he was a detective, and he offered me two g
her. She never told me of those marks on her arm that you saw this morning, but I know very well that they come from a stab with a hat-pin. The sly fiend--Hea
 are all typewritten. In each case, not only are the 'e's' slurred and the 'r's' tailless, but you will observe, if you care to use my magnifying lens, that the fourteen other characte
violation of my faith; and then Let nature crush the sides o' th' earth together And mar the seeds within! Lift u
 the oddest frame of sense, Such a dependency of thing on thing, As e'er I heard in madness. ISABELLA. O gracious Duke, Harp not on that; nor do not 
? Where liv'd? How found Thy father's court? For thou shalt hear that I, Knowing by Paulina that the oracle Gave hope thou wast in being, have preserv'd Myself to see the issue. PAULINA. There's tim
sir; but it is vara fine, For every one pursents three. BEROWNE. And three times thrice is nine. COSTARD. Not so, sir
ongue That slily glided towards your Majesty, It were but necessary you were wak'd, Lest, being suffer'd in that harmful slumber, The mortal worm m
se what many men desire, Because I will not jump with common spirits And rank me with the barbarous multitudes. Why, then to
ws? what news? COMINIUS. You have holp to ravish your own daughters and To melt the city leads upon your pates, To see your wives dishonour'd to your 
der'd, I'll bring you where he is aboard, tender your persons to his presence, whisper him in your behalfs; and if it be in man 
ire for the night, you must open the shutters of your window, undo the hasp, put your lamp there as a signal to us, and then withdraw quietly with everything which you are likely
text Files by the December 31, 2001. [10,000 x 100,000,000=Trillion] This is ten thousand titles each to one hundred million readers, which is 10% of the expected numbe
am weak with toil, yet strong in appetite. GUIDERIUS. There is cold meat i' th' cave; we'll browse on that Whilst what we have kill'd be cook'd. BELARIUS. [Looking
 without putting my foot over the door-mat. In that way I didn't know much of what was going on outside, and I was alwa
' training he was an admirable assistant. What do you think of the matter, Mr. Holmes?" "I have not yet made up my mind." "I shall indeed be indebted to you if you can throw a light where
I could beat him, whilst he rail'd at me! 'Sfoot, I'll learn to conjure and raise devils, but I'll see some issue of my spiteful execrations.
and Analysis is one which can only be acquired by long and patient study nor is life long enough to allow any mortal to attain the high
 be sure they do; for certainties Either are past remedies, or, timely knowing, The remedy then born- discover to me What both you spur and stop. IACHIMO.
ess Silvia the dog you bade me. PROTEUS. And what says she to my little jewel? LAUNCE. Marry, she says your dog was a cur, and tells you currish thanks is good enough 
orn at Windsor should lose all. Which is so plain that Exeter doth wish His days may finish ere that hapless time. Exit SCENE 2. France. Before Rouen Enter LA PUCELLE disguis'd, with
ierra Leone might be best, and turned our head in that direction, the bark being at that time nearly hull down on our starboard quarter. S
ive line. Go to, go to! How she holds up the neb, the bill to him! And arms her with the boldness of a wife To her allowing husband! Exeunt POLIXENES, HERMIONE, and ATTE
o thy ancient malice; Which not to cut would show thee but a fool, Since I have ever followed thee with hate, Drawn tuns 
hy, because 'a was mad. 'A shall recover his wits there; or, if 'a do not, 'tis no great matter there. Ham. Why? Clown. 'Tw
est not thy loss in transformation! APEMANTUS. If thou couldst please me with speaking to me, thou mightst have hit up
t wilt thou be, When time hath sow'd a grizzle on thy case? Or will not else thy craft so quickly grow That thine own trip s
 it. Then he closed the locket and handed it back to Lord St. Simon. "The young lady came to London, then, and you renewed your acquaintance?" "Yes, her father brou
o the after-hold. A dozen convicts, who descended with their pistols in search of him, found him with a match-box in his hand seated beside an open powder-barrel
ached the clump of rhododendrons just opposite to your bedroom window. There I squatted down and awaited developments. "The blind was not down in your room,
o bed, Malvolio? MALVOLIO. To bed? Ay, sweetheart, and I'll come to thee. OLIVIA. God comfort thee! Why dost thou smile so, and kiss thy hand so oft? MARIA. How do you,
o give me thanks for it. No abuse, Hal; none, Ned, none; no, faith, boys, none. PRINCE. See now, whether pure fear and entire coward
 show of love to her, Thou shalt aby it. LYSANDER. Now she holds me not. Now follow, if thou dar'st, to try whose right, Of thine or mine, is most in Helena. DEMETRIUS. 
? POLIXENES. If at home, sir, He's all my exercise, my mirth, my matter; Now my sworn friend, and then mine enemy; My parasite, my soldier
og-cart coming at a gallop down the road. It pulled up at our door, and our friend, the vicar, sprang from it and rushed up our garden path. Holmes was already dre
 and the instant that your cab stops, dash through the Arcade, timing yourself to reach the other side at 
t twice during the last few months. As her glasses are of remarkable strength and as opticians are not very numerous, there should be no difficulty in tracing her." Holmes smiled at the 
 remained in the minds of the coroner's jury." "It was a confession," I ejaculated. "No, for it was followed by a protestation of
ow sash. There was something strangely incongruous in this Oriental figure framed in the commonplace door-way of a third-rate suburban dwelling-house. "The Sahib awaits 
sends none. Leon. So, by being too curst, God will send you no horns. Beat. Just, if he send me no husband; for the which blessing I am at him upon my knees every morning and evening. Lord, I c
ily by the hand. He was free of the community from that time on. He could drink hard and show little trace of it; but that evening, had his mate Scanlan not been at hand to lead him home, 
 most preciously. ARIEL. Is there more toil? Since thou dost give me pains, Let me remember thee what thou hast promis'd, Which is not yet perform'd me. PROSPERO. H
ast cure of the thing you wot of, unless they kept very good diet, as I told you- FROTH. All this is true. POMPEY. Why, very well then- ESCALUS. C
l my own mind is clear upon the matter." "But when will that be?" "The time has come. You will now be present at the last sce
marked it. I don't deny that it is smartly written. It irritates me though. It is evidently the theory of some arm-chair lounger who evolves all these neat little paradoxes in
vy, for we could see the marks of his feet where he had landed on the lawn. His bicycle was kept in a small shed beside this lawn, and it also was gone. "He had been with me for two years, and 
hich we all peered, while Musgrave, kneeling at the side, pushed down the lantern. "A small chamber about seven feet deep and four feet square lay open to us. At one side of this was 
ntributors And bear his charge of wooing, whatsoe'er. GREMIO. And so we will- provided that he win her. GRUMIO. I would I were as sure of a good dinner. Enter TRAN
. Looking down on this very scene, there stood upon the fourth of May, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, a solitary traveller. His appearance was such that he might have been the v
ot her into a cab, and here we are. I shan't forget the face at the carriage window as I led her away. I'd have 
 trouble Was I then to you! PROSPERO. O, a cherubin Thou wast that did preserve me! Thou didst smile, Infused with a fortitude from heaven, When I have deck'd the sea
G HENRY. I wear it for a memorable honour; For I am Welsh, you know, good countryman. FLUELLEN. All the water in Wye cannot wash your Majesty's Welsh plood
y call'd for, When, being not at your lodging to be found, The Senate hath sent about three several quests To search you out. OTHELLO. 'Tis well I am found by you. I will 
, his folly sauced with discretion. There is no man hath a virtue that he hath not a glimpse of, nor any man an att
lo's mind! EMILIA. Lady, amen. DESDEMONA. I will go seek him. Cassio, walk hereabout. If I do find him fit, I'll move your suit, And seek to effect it to my uttermost. CASSIO
u grumblest and railest every hour on Achilles; and thou art as full of envy at his greatness as Cerberus is at Proserpina's beauty-ay, that thou bark'st at h
 his noble nature, Zeal and obedience he still bore your Grace, Forgetting, like a good man, your late censure Both of his truth and him-which was too far- Offers, as I do
 confess, Because my power is weak and all ill left; But if I could, by Him that gave me life, I would attach you all and make you stoop Unto the sovereign mercy of the King; But since I cannot, 
ur insolent retinue Do hourly carp and quarrel, breaking forth In rank and not-to-be-endured riots. Sir, I had thought, by making this well known unto you, To have found a safe
added to that constant and apparently purposeless series of small mysteries which had succeeded each other so rapidly. Setting aside the whole grim story of Sir Charles's death, w
 This morning are they fled away and gone, And in their steads do ravens, crows, and kites Fly o'er our heads and downward look on us, As we were sickly prey. Their shadows seem A canopy most fat
 noticed, one peculiarity above all other windows in the house--it commands the nearest outlook on the moor. There is an opening between two trees which enables on
"It was a lonely house, twenty miles from here, over the range yonder. I was told off for the door, same as you were last night. They could not trust me
? SIR TOBY. Go, write it in a martial hand; be curst and brief; it is no matter how witty, so it be eloquent and full of invention. Taunt him with the license of ink; 
 of being a hotel. "Jack McGinty is the boss there." "What sort of a man is he?" McMurdo asked. "What! have yo
EGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIE
s hither. ALONSO. I say, Amen, Gonzalo! GONZALO. Was Milan thrust from Milan, that his issue Should become Kings of Naples? O, rejoice Beyond a common joy, and set it down With gold on lasting pill
t which other men can make nothing of, although they have seen every detail for themselves?" "Quite so. I have a kind of intuition
 can imagine, and asked my father how he could allow such a wretch to take such liberties with himself and his household. "'"Ah, my boy," said he, "it is all very well to talk, but you don't kno
esence. BELARIUS. Stay, sir King. This man is better than the man he slew, As well descended as thyself, and hath More of thee merited than a band of Clotens 
she is thine. DUKE. The more degenerate and base art thou To make such means for her as thou hast done And leave her on such slight conditions. Now, by the honour of my ancestry, I do 
t, So he dissolv'd, and show'rs of oaths did melt. I will go tell him of fair Hermia's flight; Then to the wood will he t
 choose to disappear in the next twenty-four hours I will promise you that no one will hinder you." "And then it will all come out?" "Certa
S. Good faith, and when I met this holy man, The men you talk of came into my mind. What, go you toward the Tower? BUCKI
 night bearing the boy in his arms?" "Certainly not." "Then what is the theory in your mind?" "The bicycle may have been a 
ught extreme cold. Where's the cook? Is supper ready, the house trimm'd, rushes strew'd, cobwebs swept, the serving-men in their n
 you a mind to sink? SEBASTIAN. A pox o' your throat, you bawling, blasphemous, incharitable dog! BOATSWAIN. Work you, then. ANTONIO. Hang, cur; hang, you whoreson, insolent
 me thus? Let me come to her. LYSANDER. Get you gone, you dwarf; You minimus, of hind'ring knot-grass made; You bead, you acorn. DEMETRIUS. You are t
nd let me give such orders as I like." Without a word the Duke pressed the electric bell. A servant entered. "You will be glad to hear," said Holmes, "that you
them at 1-800-443-0238 or email julianc@netcom.com Please give them our thanks for their Shakespeare cooperation! The official release date of all Project Gutenberg Etexts is at Midnight, Centra
en a dreary one, and a dense drizzly fog lay low upon the great city. Mud-colored clouds drooped sadly over the muddy streets. Down the Strand the l
 same. Laer. I know him well. He is the broach indeed And gem of all the nation. King. He made confession of you; And gave you such 
t hold out water, methinks. To forget their faults, I drink to you. APEMANTUS. Thou weep'st to make them drink, Tim
tly call'd for, When, being not at your lodging to be found, The Senate hath sent about three several quests To search you out. OTHELLO. 'Tis well I am found by you. I will but spend a word here 
se flats, are taken by the tide- These Lincoln Washes have devoured them; Myself, well-mounted, hardly have escap'd. Away, before! conduct me to t
 ever knew the heavens menace so? CASSIUS. Those that have known the earth so full of faults. For my part, I have walk'd about the streets
ar'd Hereditary ours. HERMIONE. By this we gather You have tripp'd since. POLIXENES. O my most sacred lady, Temptations have since then been born to 's, for In those unfledg'd days was my w
Thou, it seems, that calls for company to countenance her. CURTIS. I call them forth to credit her. GRUMIO. Why, she comes to 
ster. Poor key-cold figure of a holy king! Pale ashes of the house of Lancaster! Thou bloodless remnant of that royal blood! Be it lawful that I invocate thy ghost To hear the lamentations o
 the house of Lancaster And like a mountain not to be remov'd. But now thy uncle is removing hence, As princes do their courts whe
 the web remind one of the foul spider which lurks in the centre. Petty thefts, wanton assaults, purposeless outrage--to the man who held the clue all could be
 Grace is perjur'd much, Full of dear guiltiness; and therefore this, If for my love, as there is no such cause, You will do aught- 
s, But sever'd in a pale clear-shining sky. See, see! they join, embrace, and seem to kiss, As if they vow'd some league inviola
ll thee I care not though he burn himself in love. If thou wilt, go with me to the alehouse; if not, thou 
her right. ROSS. My heart is great; but it must break with silence, Ere't be disburdened with a liberal tongue. NORTHUMBERLAND.
 suddenly arose and walk'd about, Musing and sighing, with your arms across; And when I ask'd you what the matter was, You stared upon me with ungentle looks. I urged
r plot? MRS. PAGE. That likewise have we thought upon, and thus: Nan Page my daughter, and my little son, And three or four more of their growth, we'l
ely had she been tried by the adventures of the night. She has told me since that she thought me cold and distant upon that journey. She little guessed the struggle within my breast, or the effort of
e sky, The uglier seem the clouds that in it fly. Once more, the more to aggravate the note, With a foul traitor's name stuff I
island, the low hills and green meadows of which seemed the more beautiful when imagination viewed them from
l, with a slow, heavy fashion of speech which had been his main asset in his political career. Von Bork laughed. "They are not very hard to deceive," he remarked. "A more docile, simple folk could n
t first wounded thee: A thousand flatterers sit within thy crown, Whose compass is no bigger than thy head; And yet, incaged in so small a
g. Why is this reason'd? Gon. Combine together 'gainst the enemy; For these domestic and particular broils Are not the question here. Alb. Let's then determine With th' ancient of w
still tenanted," it said. "Have seen the face again at the window. Will meet the seven o'clock train, 
he kindly, charitable, good old governor--how could he have fallen into the clutches of such a ruffian! But I am so glad that you have come, Holmes. I trust very much to your judgment and discre
 are. Must I call you a liar as well as a thief? Did I not see you trying to tear off another piece?' "'You have called me names enough,' said he, 'I will not stand it any lon
t's have begun to lose their crossing, we can say that the one was a young man and the other was advanced in years without being positively decrepit." "Excellent!" cried Mr. Acton again. "There is a
imself little better, extremity of weather continuing, this mystery remained undiscover'd. But 'tis all one to me; for had I been the finder-out of this secret, it would not have relish'd amon
ommunicated with his friend the Lascar, but this fault was soon remedied, and he was seized and searched, without anything being found which could incriminate him. There were, it is t
ples? Keep in Tunis, And let Sebastian wake.' Say this were death That now hath seiz'd them; why, they were no worse Than no
oking into this case of young Openshaw's." "What steps will you take?" I asked. "It will very much depend upon the results of my first inquiries. I may have to go d
. By virtue thou enforcest laughter; thy silly thought, my spleen; the heaving of my lungs provokes me to ridiculous smiling. O, pardon me, my stars! Doth th
tain near your door, whence he could see what passed in the hall beneath. He saw her stealthily open the window, hand out the co
nts Now are we well resolv'd; and, by God's help And yours, the noble sinews of our power, France being ours, we'
 cess. Enter another Carrier. 2. Car. Peas and beans are as dank here as a dog, and that is the next way to give poor jades the bots. Thi
ticism of complete mental concentration. Finally he lit his pipe, and sitting in the inglenook of the old village inn he talked slowly and at random about his ca
is Agra treasure had weighed me down, until now that it was finally removed. It was selfish, no doubt, disloyal, wrong, but I could rea
 carrying your letter. PROTEUS. You mistake; I mean the pound- a pinfold. SPEED. From a pound to a pin? Fold it over an
ly, and the figure of a tall woman was outlined against the dim-lit hall. "Well, what do you want?" she asked sharply, peering at us through the darkness. "
his own. As he did so I caught a glimpse of his face in the mirror over the mantelpiece. I could have sworn that it was set in a malicious and abominable smile. 
speak, however, before there was a tap at the door, and the spokesman of the street Arabs, young Wiggi
 to our honour's great disparagement, Yet will I favour thee in what I can. Therefore, merchant, I'll limit thee this day To se
 thou patient, man? Thou shouldst be mad; And I to make thee mad do mock thee thus. Stamp, rave, and fret, that
k him at's prayers. Fare you well, my lord; and believe this of me: there can be no kernal in this light nut; the soul of this man is his clothes; trust him not in matter of heavy consequ
bez Wilson started up in his chair, with his forefinger upon the paper, but his eyes upon my companion. "How, in the 
aiting, that we just did it right there; and then Frank went off to seek his fortune, and I went back to pa. "The next I heard 
means! She mocks all her wooers out of suit. Pedro. She were an excellent wife for Benedick. Leon. O Lord, my lord! if they were but a week married,
I know not how I may deserve to be your porter. FORD. I will tell you, sir, if you will give me the hearing. FALSTAFF.
itions he no longer craved for this artificial stimulus, but I was well aware that the fiend was not dead, but sleepi
 me! For what? LUCIO. For that which, if myself might be his judge, He should receive his punishment in thanks: He hath got h
am, when we do awake him. I doubt not of his temperance. Cor. Very well. Music. Doct. Please you draw near. Louder the music there! Cor. O my dear father, restoration hang Thy m
SHIP.>> ACT II. SCENE I. London. Ely House Enter JOHN OF GAUNT, sick, with the DUKE OF YORK, etc. GAUNT. Will the King come, that I may
 arras and] kills Polonius. Pol. [behind] O, I am slain! Queen. O me, what hast thou done? Ham. Nay, I know not. Is it the King? Queen
as rough, Their royal blood enchaf'd, as the rud'st wind That by the top doth take the mountain pine And make him stoop to th' vale. 'Tis wonder That an invisible inst
, which craves to be rememb'red With those five talents. That had, give't these fellows To whom 'tis instant due. Nev'r speak or think That Timon's fo
t out and not stand cavilling thus. RICHARD. Sound drums and trumpets, and the King will fly. YORK. Sons, peace! KING HENRY. Peace
Good Margaret, stay. QUEEN. What are you made of? You'll nor fight nor fly. Now is it manhood, wisdom, and defence, To give the enemy way,
e lamp for me, we shall now extend our researches to the room above,--the secret room in which the treasure was found." He mounted the steps, and, seizing a rafter with either hand, he swung hi
t of my note; nutmegs, seven; race or two of ginger, but that I may beg; four pound of prunes, and as many of raisins o' th' sun. AUTOLYCUS. [Grovelling on the ground] O that ever I was bor
ong the charcoal ashes of the fire. The police theory is that a most sensational crime has been committed, that the victim was clubbed to
y companion's ability, but I saw by the Inspector's face that his attention had been keenly aroused. "You consider that to be i
the realities of life. "Well, it would be absurd to deny that the case is a very abstruse and complicated one, but I can promise you that I 
is shoulder, toiling slowly up the hill. When he reached the crest I saw the ragged uncouth figure outlined for an instant against the cold blue sky. He 
rriage shall be solemniz'd. Is not the Lady Constance in this troop? I know she is not; for this match made up Her presence would have interrupted much. Where is she and her son? Tell me,
ast the infinite malady Crust you quite o'er! What, dost thou go? Soft, take thy physic first; thou too, and thou. Stay, I will lend thee money, borrow none. [Throws the dishes at the
To me she's married, not unto my clothes. Could I repair what she will wear in me As I can change these poor accoutrements, 'Twere well for Kate and better for myself. But what a fool am I to chat wi
ch he took in my unhappy situation." "Did you correspond with him?" The lady looked quickly up with an angry gleam in her hazel eyes. "What is the object of these questions?" she asked sharply.
o had trapped them. "I guess we may not meet again until you see me on the stand in the courthouse. I'll give you something to think over between now and then. You know me now for what I am. 
ffected." I gripped him by the arm. "Holmes!" I cried. "Is it really you? Can it indeed be that you are alive? Is it possible 
umour'd through the peasant towns Between that royal field of Shrewsbury And this worm-eaten hold of ragged stone, Where Hotspur's father, old N
round him. Barker had seized his outstretched hand. "It's best this way, Jack," his wife repeated; "I am sure that it is best." "Indeed, yes, Mr. Douglas," sa
 a maid too virtuous For the contempt of empire. Re-enter CLOWN CLOWN. O madam, yonder is heavy news within between two soldiers and my young lady. COUNTESS. What is the -ma
the business of the firm, but we went, mother and I, with Mr. Hardy, who used to be our foreman, and it was there I met Mr. Hosmer Angel." "I suppose," said Holmes, "that 
ery edge of death, sat up on the barrel over which he had been hurled. "You've been asking for it this
is but a kind of bastard hope, neither. JESSICA. And what hope is that, I pray thee? LAUNCELOT. Marry, you may partly hope that your father got you not
 mov'd withal. CORIOLANUS. I dare be sworn you were! And, sir, it is no little thing to make Mine eyes to sweat compassion. But, good sir, What peace 
 my mind, ever again be happy under your roof, and I feel that I must leave you forever. Do not worry about my future, for that is provided for; and
d; If I revolt, off goes young George's head; The fear of that holds off my present aid. So, get thee gone; commend me to thy lord. Withal say that the
derstand, without being interesting. Indeed, I have found that it is usually in unimportant matters that there is a field for the observation, and for
t, an't be thy will, put me into good fooling! Those wits that think they have thee do very oft prove fools; and I that am sure I lack thee may pass for a wise man. For what sa
he wind, To blow on whom I please, for so fools have; And they that are most galled with my folly, They most must laugh. And why, sir, must they so? The why is plain as way t
 grace! DUCHESS. Pleads he in earnest? Look upon his face; His eyes do drop no tears, his prayers are in jest; His words come from his mouth, ours from our bre
and tucked his newly gained property under his arm. "There are a few of us who frequent the Alpha Inn, near the Museum--we are to be found in th
Long continuance, and increasing, Hourly joys be still upon you! Juno sings her blessings on you. CE
BETH. Windy attorneys to their client woes, Airy succeeders of intestate joys, Poor breathing orators of miseries, Let them have scope; though what they will impart Help noth
 but, I fear me, with a hollow heart. See here, my friends and loving countrymen: This token serveth for a flag of truce Betwixt ourselves and all our followers. So he
eunt SCENE VI. Another part of the field Alarum. Enter the KING and his train, with prisoners; EXETER, and others KING HENRY. Well have we done, thrice-valiant countrymen; But all's not don
would these hands might never part. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. We are wise girls to mock our lovers so. ROSALINE. They are worse fools to purchase mocking so. That same Be
"You fill me with interest, I perceive that the ground has been trampled up a good deal. No doubt many feet have been here since 
a traitor? Gloucester he is none.' Exit QUEEN. Free lords, cold snow melts with the sun's hot beams: Henry my lord is cold in great affairs, Too full of foolish 
 hardly be less than forty-five. From their conversation I have gathered that they have been married about seven years,
on imperial lord. Henry the Sixth, in infant bands crown'd king Of France and England, did this king succeed; Whose state so many had 
ll Into the blind cave of eternal night. Exit CATESBY Fill me a bowl of wine. Give me a watch. Saddle white Surrey for the field to-morrow. Look tha
at danger lurks within. KING EDWARD. Tush, man, abodements must not now affright us. By fair or foul means we must enter in,
 themselves. CORIOLANUS stands MENENIUS. Having determin'd of the Volsces, and To send for Titus Lartius, it remains, As the main point of this our after-meeti
uckingham, His noble friends and fellows, whom to leave Is only bitter to him, only dying, Go with me like good angels to my end; And as the long divorce of steel falls on me Make of your p
uffered something to atone for them. And then I thought of that other one--the face in the cab, the figure against the moon. Was he also out in that 
ore requital to your love! AUSTRIA. The peace of heaven is theirs that lift their swords In such a just and charitable war. KING PHILI
ours that I wear In honour of my noble Lord of York Dar'st thou maintain the former words thou spak'st? BASSET. Yes, sir;
e renders me the beggarly thanks. Come, sing; and you that will not, hold your tongues. AMIENS. Well, I'll end the song. Sirs, cover the while; the Duke will drink under this tr
e to do To the direction just. FIRST MURTHERER. Then stand with us. The west yet glimmers with some streaks of day; Now spu
 given and exchanged as they met. "I wanted to have a word with you, Mr. McMurdo," said the older man, speaking with a hesit
e tyrant's rage And frustrate his proud will. Edg. Give me your arm. Up- so. How is't? Feel you your legs? You stand. Glou. T
er babes! My unblown flowers, new-appearing sweets! If yet your gentle souls fly in the air And be not fix'd in doom perpetual, Hover about me with your airy wings And hear your moth
of these conserves? THIRD SERVANT. What raiment will your honour wear to-day? SLY. I am Christophero Sly; call not me 'honour' nor 'lordship.' I ne
till at large." "No clue?" asked Holmes, cocking his eye at the Colonel. "None as yet. But the affair is a pretty one, one of our little country crimes, which must seem too small for your attentio
ll desire in a summer's day. Here is his Majesty. Enter the KING and EXETER KING HENRY. How now! what's the matter? FLUEL
y opened beneath it. Holmes plunged his eager hand into it, and drew it out with a bitter snarl of anger and disappointment. It was empty. "Quick, Watson, quick! Get it back again!" The wooden li
hat he which hath no stomach to this fight, Let him depart; his passport shall be made, And crowns for convoy put into his purse; We would not die in that man's company That fears h
him next year, did you not?" "That is so." "And he had been married five years. You must have returned about the time of his marriage." "About a month before. I was
Hasting to th' court. FIRST LORD. So please you, sir, their speed Hath been beyond account. LEONTES. Twenty-three days They have been absent; 'tis good speed; foretells Th
, some of the details are of interest. The only drawback is that there is no law, I fear, that can touch the scoundrel." "Who was he, then, and what was his obje
nation." "For which he was entered?" "Yes." "And the papers were on your table?" "To the best of my belief they were rolled up." "But might be recognised as proofs?" "Possibly." "No one e
eld you mean it not! 'daughter' and 'mother' So strive upon your pulse. What! pale again? My fear hath catch'd your fondness. Now I see The myst'ry of your loneliness, and find 
o so," he said, "we've been in the mountains for two months, and are not over and above in visiting condition. He must take us as he finds us." "He has a good deal to thank you for, and so
e show a harvest of their heavy toil; But love, first learned in a lady's eyes, Lives not alone immured in the brain, But with the motion of all 
ke him to thy custody. GAOLER. I will, my lord. AEGEON. Hopeless and helpless doth Aegeon wend, But to procrastinate his lifeless end. <Exeunt SCENE 2 The mart Enter ANTI
 board; In rage dismiss'd my father from the court; Broke an oath on oath, committed wrong on wrong;
erville Hall. The evidence of the Barrymores shows that this had been his custom. On the 4th of May Sir Charles had declared his intention of starting next day for
haste; she loved thee, cruel Moor; So come my soul to bliss, as I speak true; So speaking as I think, I die, I
further complicated by entire absence of motive, since, as I have said, young Adair was not known to have any enemy, and no attempt had been made to remove the money or valuables in the room. All d
ernment." Holmes chuckled. "I did not know you quite so well in those days. One has to be discreet when one talks of high matters of state. You are right in thinking that he 
sited. His health was never better worth than now. Hot. Sick now? droop now? This sickness doth infect The very lifeblood of our enterp
 becoming attached to her, but when he saw with his own eyes that it was really so, and that she might be taken away from him, it gave him such a shock that for a time he was not responsibl
rrel sawed off a foot in front of the triggers. It was clear that this had been fired at close range and that he had received the whole charge in the face, blowing his head almost to pie
was gone. Out I ran and through the shrubbery, but thank God there was no one there." "If I didn't know
y measure Of their observant toil, the enemies' weight- Why, this hath not a finger's dignity: They call this bed-work, mapp'ry, clo
servation to bestow them, As notes whose faculties inclusive were More than they were in note. Amongst the rest There is a remedy, approv'd, set down, To cure the desp
ht t'have held it poor; but since my lord Is Antony again, I will be Cleopatra. ANTONY. We will yet do well. CLEOPATRA. C
 Goths? These tidings nip me, and I hang the head As flowers with frost, or grass beat down with storms. Ay, now begins our 
's crest thy sword struck fire, It warm'd thy father's heart with proud desire Of bold-fac'd victory. Then leaden age, Quicken'd with youthful spleen and warlike rage,
 which I can play in due time. Mortimer had stayed to dinner, and he and the baronet played cart afterwards. The butler brought me my coffee into the library, and I took the chance to ask
wered. "This set of rooms is quite the oldest in the college, and it is not unusual for visitors to go over them. Come along, and I will personally conduct you." "No names, please!" said H
ow could one compare the ruffian who in hot blood bludgeons his mate with this man, who methodically and at his leisure tortures the soul and wrings the nerves in order to add to 
d it.' "'No, I have not. It must be those wretched gipsies in the plantation.' "'Very likely. And yet if it were on the lawn, I wonder that you 
 state of things, Watson, when upon the Tuesday morning I, at the request of Major Murphy, went down to Aldershot to supplement the e
 words. [Converses apart with the KING, and delivers a paper] PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Doth this man serve God? BEROWNE. Why ask you? PRINC
es! Make us Thy ministers of chastisement, That we may praise Thee in the victory! To Thee I do commend my watchful soul Ere I let fall the windows of mine eyes
 We go to use our hands and not our tongues. GLOUCESTER. Your eyes drop millstones when fools' eyes fall tears. I like you, lads; about your business straight; Go, go,
 you back all that way when you were unconscious?" "They must have done so. I have a confused memory, too, of having been lifted and conveyed somewhere." "What I cannot understand," said I, "
r you find attach. [Exeunt some of the Watch.] Pitiful sight! here lies the County slain; And Juliet bleeding, warm, and newly dead, Who here hath lain this two days buried. G
r the Dragon's Tail, and my nativity was under Ursa Major, so that it follows I am rough and lecherous. Fut! I should have been that I am, had the maidenliest star in the fir
our, and in circumstances which gave me a shock hardly second to that caused by his spring to the door. I had stood f
; you are a councillor, And by that virtue no man dare accuse you. GARDINER. My lord, because we have business of more moment, We will be short with you. '
 anyhow. Listen now! Can you remember any unusual incident in your life just about the time your symptoms beg
 for us to hesitate. Either you are heart and soul with us on your oath on the cross of the Christians, or your body
hat he is, fetch me to th' sight of him. CLOWN. Marry, will I; and you shall help to put him i' th' ground. SHEPHERD. 'Tis a lucky day, boy; and we
e grief Bears such an emphasis? whose phrase of sorrow Conjures the wand'ring stars, and makes them stand Like wonder-wounded hearers? This i
; and he said he car'd not who knew it. ORLEANS. He needs not; it is no hidden virtue in him. CONSTABLE. By my faith, sir, but it is; never anybody saw it but his lac
, MOWBRAY, attended; afterwards, the ARCHBISHOP, HASTINGS, and others; from the other side, PRINCE JOHN of LANCASTER, WESTMORELAND, OFFIC
ve writ my name Without the help of any hand at all. Curs'd be that heart that forc'd us to this shift! Write thou, good niece, and here display at la
ntly with us, sir. Ham. O, reform it altogether! And let those that play your clowns speak no more than is set down for them. For there be of them that will 
ly! Who ever yet could sound thy bottom? find The ooze to show what coast thy sluggish crare Might'st easiliest harbour in? Thou blessed thing! Jove knows what man thou mightst have made; but I
 but think the more. Enter a POST KING EDWARD. Now, messenger, what letters or what news From France? MESSENGER. My
ince died. The doctor was our next goal. He had been called in, had found the woman dying of pure senility, had actually seen her pas
r the article of thy gentry. MRS. FORD. We burn daylight. Here, read, read; perceive how I might be knighted. I shall think the wor
e which strained his leash and kept us at the top of our speed. The east had been gradually whitening, and we could now see some distance in the cold gray light. The sq
own. His face was grave, and his manner was cold in the extreme. "I have seen nothing of my horse," said he. "I suppose that you would know him when you saw him?" asked Holmes. The Colonel was very
creaming for his father. "But I was a criminal then, part sharer in a murder, lost forever in this world, and lost als
 are deceiv'd. Guil. In what, my dear lord? Ham. I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind is southerly I know a hawk from a handsaw. Enter Polonius. Pol. Well be
 will find it laid out upon the bed in your room, and if you would be so good as to put it on we should bot
in the least." "Nor running a chance of arrest?" "Not in a good cause." "Oh, the cause is excellent!" "Then I am your man." "I was sure that I might rely on yo
ant. I kept to the pavement after that, Watson, but as I walked down Vere Street a brick came down from the roof of one of the
t. A tin box for botanical specimens hung over his shoulder and he carried a green butterfly-net in one of his hands. "You will, I am sure, excuse my presumption, Dr. Watson," said he, as he came pan
other. We could get no information from her, however, as she is very old and feeble." "And what is the result of your investigations?" "The conviction that the crime is a very peculiar one. Perhaps o
." "What are we to do?" "To-morrow is your last day, and unless you act to-night you are lost. I have a mule and two horses wai
me as you, O the dearest of creatures, would even renew me with your eyes. Take notice that I am in Cambria, at Milford Haven. What your own love will out of this advise
 been married to him, for all he was in woman's apparel, I would not have had him. PAGE. Why, this is your own folly. Did not I tell you 
. Softly, pray. Exeunt SCENE V. Westminster. Another chamber The KING lying on a bed; CLARENCE, GLOUCESTER, WARWICK, and others in attendance KING. Let there be no noise made, my g
s, And subjects none abroad; pray you, look in. My dukedom since you have given me again, I will requite you with as good a thing; At least
As would take in some virtue. O my master! Thy mind to her is now as low as were Thy fortunes. How? that I should murder her? Upon the love
LIA. Nay, would I were so ang'red with the same! O hateful hands, to tear such loving words! Injurious wasps, to 
appy victory. Thy adversary's wife doth pray for thee. Enter the GHOST of BUCKINGHAM GHOST. [To RICHARD] The first was I that help'd
P.>> ACT II. SCENE I. Enter Brutus in his orchard. BRUTUS. What, Lucius, ho! I cannot, by the progress of the stars, Give guess how near to day. Luciu
 It was, indeed, high time that someone capable of giving advice and help should come to the aid of the sturdy old farmer and his adopted daughter. I
h tears of innocency and terms of zeal, My father, in kind heart and pity mov'd, Swore him assistance, and perfor
me seems thirty unto me, Being all this time abandon'd from your bed. SLY. 'Tis much. Servants, leave me and her alone. Exeunt SERVANTS Madam, undress you, and come now to bed. PAGE. Thrice n
et in some ways I feel that yesterday has not been wasted." "You have formed a theory, then?" "At least I have got a grip of the essential fac
ing now in the sitting-room. Now, when young ladies wander about the metropolis at this hour of the morning, and knock sleepy
e, to be left till called for. He said that if they were sent to the office he would be chaffed by all the other clerks about having letters from a lady, so I offered to typewrite them
en he shines by. I say again, thy spirit Is all afraid to govern thee near him; But, he away, 'tis noble. ANTONY. Get thee gone. S
 man did bring them me. I see we still did meet each other's man, And I was ta'en for him, and he for me, And thereupon these ERRORS are arose. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. These d
ve confounded one the other or have fall'n both. IACHIMO. Can we, with manners, ask what was the difference? FRENCHMAN. Safely, I think. 'Twas a contention in public, which may, without 
 mine! beg another of thy daughters. Lear. Take heed, sirrah- the whip. Fool. Truth's a dog must to kennel; he must be whipp'd out, when Lady the brach may stand by th' fire and stink. L
other held a great knife to my throat and swore between his teeth that he would plunge it into me if I moved a step. "My first thought was that these fellows were in league with the rebels, and
ral terror which had possessed Major Sholto when he first learned that the injured convict was upon his track. "You forget that we know nothing of all this," said Holmes quietly. "We have not heard 
ried to a death's-head with a bone in his mouth than to either of these. God defend me from these two! NER
e from a stubborn opposite intent, As being thought to contradict your liking, Makes them thus forward in his banishment. They say, in care of your m
 sent a special wire to Dartmoor yesterday to clear the matter up. The boy locked the door before he left it. The window, 
eservation of your hen-pheasant's life.' "I dare say my face looked as bewildered as yours did just now when first I read this message. Then I reread it very 
 anthropological museum. It is not my intention to be fulsome, but I confess that I covet your skull." Sherlo
loody spur cannot provoke him on, That sometimes anger thrusts into his hide, Which heavily he answers with a groan, More sharp to me than spurring to his
parently, for the place is deserted up to the very hour he names." "That is suggestive," remarked Holmes. "By Jove, I told you so!" cried the clerk. "That's he walking ahead of us t
here I would, there was his cunning, grinning face at my elbow. It grew worse as Alice grew up, for he soon saw I was more afra
o some my standers-by 'Lo, Jupiter is yonder, dealing life!' And I have seen thee pause and take thy breath, When that a ring of Greeks have hemm'd thee in, L
voice, sir; what say you? SECOND CITIZEN. You shall ha' it, worthy sir. CORIOLANUS. A match, sir. There's in
hat does it all mean?" I asked. He held out his hand, and I saw in the light of the lamp that two of his knuckles were burst and bleeding. "It is not an airy nothing, you see," said he, smiling. "On 
ad time to speak, however, before there was a tap at the door, and the spokesman of the street Arabs, young Wiggins, introduced his insignificant and unsavoury person. "Please, sir," he said, t
Should drive upon thy new-transformed limbs, Unmannerly intruder as thou art! LAVINIA. Under your patience, gentle Emperess, 'Tis thou
 the mature time With this ungracious paper strike the sight Of the death-practis'd Duke, For him 'tis well That of thy death and business I can tell. Glou. The King is mad. How stiff is my vile
tchcd make. 92 But do thy worst to steal thy self away, For term of life thou art assured mine, And life no
h we found beside his body," said the Inspector. "His wife tells us that the knife had lain upon the dressing-table, and that he had picked it up 
yish beige, untrimmed and unbraided, and she wore a small turban of the same dull hue, relieved only by a suspicion of white feather in the side. Her fa
metallic snick. I sat up in amazement. There could be no doubt what the sounds were now. The first ones had been caused by some one forcing an instrument through the slit be
 I will not entertain so bad a thought. How if, when I am laid into the tomb, I wake before the time that Rom
cannot explain them." "Was he in any want of money?" "No; his needs were very simple and his salary ample. He had saved a few hundreds, and we were to marry at the New Year." "No 
 case. THESEUS. What say you, Hermia? Be advis'd, fair maid. To you your father should be as a god; One that compos'd your beauties; yea, and one To whom you are but as a form in wax, By him imprin
 who had opened it. But as I stood there she caught a glimpse of me, and I think that she recognized me. I saw her start, and she hastily closed the door. I remembered my promise to you, and 
sn't a newspaper man?" "I'll tell you. He got out at Hobson's Patch, and so did I. I chanced into the telegraph bureau, and he was leaving it. "'See here,' said the operator after he'd gone o
y palace which was stormed by the insurgents next day. The dictator, his two children, his secretary, and his wealth had all escaped them. From that moment 
d the reputation of being rich, but we did not know how very rich he was until we came to examine his securities. The total value of the estate was close on to a million." "Dear me! It is a stake f
ich he had boarded--a result which was entirely due to the acuteness and energy of Mr. Gregson of Scotland Yard. Sherlock Holmes and I read these no
 by heaven! Let still the woman take An elder than herself; so wears she to him, So sways she level in her husband's heart. For, boy, however we do praise ourselves, Our fancies are more giddy an
GHAM. The Lord in heaven bless thee, noble Harry! Exeunt all but the KING KING HENRY. God-a-mercy, old heart! thou sp
y-faced man. Events proved that I had judged correctly. "Having left the house, I proceeded to do what Gregson had neglected. I telegraphed to the head of the police at Clevel
d. If it be so, How little is the cost I have bestowed In purchasing the semblance of my soul From out the state of hellish cruelty! This comes too near the pr
te of their exertions. It's heads I win and tails you lose. Whatever they do, they will have followers. '
justice of his cause. MARSHAL. In God's name and the King's, say who thou art, And why thou comest thus knightly clad in arms; Against w
ater over the straw. That will do! Lestrade, allow me to present you with your principal missing witness, Mr. Jonas Oldacre." The detective stared at the new-comer with blank amazement. 
reopened his eyes and looked impatiently at his gigantic client. "If your Majesty would condescend to state your case,"
; therefore speak softly. All's hush'd as midnight yet. TRINCULO. Ay, but to lose our bottles in the pool! STEPHANO. There is not only disgrace and dishonour in that, monster, but an infinite
noble shape is but a form of wax Digressing from the valour of a man; Thy dear love sworn but hollow perjury, Killing that love which thou hast vow'd to cherish; Thy wit, that ornam
rst stroke I'll run him up to the hilts, as I am a soldier. [Draws] PISTOL. An oath of mickle might; and fury shall abate. [PISTOL and Nym sheathe th
 very morning of my second wedding." "I saw it in a paper," explained the American. "It gave the name and the church but not where the lady lived." "Then we had a talk
horeson little tidy Bartholomew boar-pig, when wilt thou leave fighting a days and foining a nights, and begin to p
d of the alley from heart disease and terror. The hound had kept upon the grassy border while the baronet had run down the path, so that no track but the man's was visible
ive needed in order to make his escape." "I can conceive of no explanation." "And yet there should be no combination of events for which the wit of man ca
e, He offers in another's enterprise; But more in Troilus thousand-fold I see Than in the glass of Pandar's praise may be, Yet hold I off. Women are
. WESTMORELAND. Mowbray. you overween to take it so. This offer comes from mercy, not from fear; For, lo! within a ken our army
ght." THE ADVENTURE OF THE SECOND STAIN I had intended "The Adventure of the Abbey Grange" to be the last of those exploits of my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, which I sho
, and it had therefore not been used." "For all that its presence has some significance," said Holmes. "However, let us hear some more 
ered as he glanced towards me. "I won't conceal from you, Mr. Holmes, that we think in the C. I. D. that you have a wee bit of a bee in your bonnet over this professor. I made some in
 the black suit which he usually wore was missing. His slippers, too, were gone, but his boots were left behind. Where then coul
ad occurred since I had seen her last,--Holmes's new method of search, the discovery of the Aurora, the appeara
ot cunning, too, and hung back a little to see them without being seen. They pulled up soon at the railway station. There was a good crowd round th
ocking intended game, And they well mock'd depart away with shame. [Trumpet sounds within] BOYET. The trumpet
had seen what was behind me. She rose at once. "'Jephro,' said she, 'there is an impertinent fellow upon the road there who stares 
feet heavy with snow and his features as inscrutable as ever. "I think that I have seen now all that there is to see, Mr. Holder," said he; "I can serve you best by returning to my roo
e exactly how we stand and why it is I want you. It is perfectly plain that after the ladies parted from this man he followed them at a distance, that he saw the quarrel betwe
crowns; And, Captain, you must needs be friends with him. FLUELLEN. By this day and this light, the fellow has mettle enough in his belly: hol
 To th' freshest things now reigning, and make stale The glistering of this present, as my tale Now seems to it. Your patience this allowing, I
E. Argo, their thread of life is spun. JOHN. Come, come, let's fall in with them. Drum. Enter CADE, DICK THE BUTCHER, SMITH THE WEAVER, and a SAWYER, with infinite numbers 
helves A beggarly account of empty boxes, Green earthen pots, bladders, and musty seeds, Remnants of packthread, and old cakes of roses Were thinly scattered
u had heard it.' "'No, I have not. It must be those wretched gipsies in the plantation.' "'Very likely. And yet if it were on the lawn, I wonder that you did not hear it also.' "'Ah, but I sleep m
t dark days seen! What old December's bareness everywhere! And yet this time removed was summer's time, The teeming autumn big with rich increase, Bearing the wanton burden of the
 clerk had helped him with it. A reference to the timetable showed that the 8.15 was the first train which it was possible for West to take after he had left the lady about 7.30. "Let us rec
nd To stop devoted charitable deeds? GLOUCESTER. Villains, set down the corse; or, by Saint Paul, I'll make a corse of him th
t all. Yet the white face and set expression of the young hunter showed that in his approach to the house he had seen enough to satisfy him upon that head. Ferrier carried the bag of 
ame Justice which punishes sin may also most graciously forgive it, and that no ban is so heavy but that by prayer and repentance it may be removed. Learn then f
 account he has been a very lonely man with only her as a companion, so that the thought of losing her was really terrible to him. He had not understood, he said, that I
 wounded craves A noble cunning. You were us'd to load me With precepts that would make invincible The heart that conn'd them. VIRGILIA. O heavens!
ong. The dangers of the days but newly gone, Whose memory is written on the earth With yet appearing blood, and the examples Of every minute's instance, present now, Hath p
runk back in evident surprise and fear at our judicial appearance. "You will kindly close the door," said Holmes. "Now, Bannister, will you please tell us th
 tunic. "If they are too many for us we shall take two or three of them with us," he said with a sinist
 know." "So far, so good," said Holmes, when the doctor had at last left the room. "It at least bears out the theory that it is on 
? MOTHER. With marriage wherefore was he mock'd, To be exil'd and thrown From Leonati seat and cast From her his dearest one, Sweet Im
UCESTER. My lord, the Mayor of London comes to greet you. Enter the LORD MAYOR and his train MAYOR. God bless your Grace with health and happy days! PRINCE. I
'Tis a spell, you see, of much power! You know the way home again. FIRST WATCH. Do you hear how we are shent for keeping your greatness back? SECOND WATCH
tion, all the interim is Like a phantasma or a hideous dream; The genius and the mortal instruments Are then in council, and t
rse, details to be filled in, but I am as certain of all the main facts, from the time that Drebber parted from Stangerso
the face of peril Myself I'll dedicate. Let me make men know More valour in me than my habits show. Gods, put the strength o' th' Leonati in me! To shame t
 in love? SPEED. Marry, by these special marks: first, you have learn'd, like Sir Proteus, to wreath your arms like a malcontent; to
er Slender? MRS. PAGE. Why went you not with Master Doctor, maid? FENTON. You do amaze her. Hear the truth of it. You would have married her most shamefully, Where ther
et a woman; and for secrecy, No lady closer, for I well believe Thou wilt not utter what thou dost not know, And so far will I trust
aty. Guil. But we both obey, And here give up ourselves, in the full bent, To lay our service freely at your feet, To be co
ishonoured step, That hath depriv'd me of your grace and favour; But even for want of that for which I am richer- A still-soliciting eye, and s
 will be woo'd. Therefore this order hath Baptista ta'en, That none shall have access unto Bianca Till Katherine the curst have got a husband. GRU
ould not like to do anything which would injure him professionally. But I have a fancy for working it out myself, now that we have gone so far." "Could we advertise, then, asking for information fro
 steps of the hunters. Something had evidently aroused his suspicions. It may have been that Barrymore had some private signal which we had neglected to give, or the fellow may h
es, thoughtfully, as he finished the letter. "The case certainly presents more features of interest and more possibility o
ulous world The noble change that I have purposed! Coming to look on you, thinking you dead- And dead almost, my liege, to think you were- I spake unto this crown as having sense, And thus upbraid
s forespent Were but the outside of the Roman Brutus, Covering discretion with a coat of folly; As gardeners do with ordure hide those roots That shall first spring and be 
fe, a true one? A woman, I dare say without vain-glory, Never yet branded with suspicion? Have I with all my full affections Still met the King, lov'd him next heav'n, o
e surplice burst into a volley of bad language. "By Heaven," said he, "if you squeal on us, Bob Carruthers, I'll serve you as you served Jack Woodley. You can bleat about the girl to your hear
ce to Thomas, Duke of Norfolk. FIRST HERALD. Harry of Hereford, Lancaster, and Derby, Stands here for God, his sovereign, and himself, On pain to be found false and
gs did better service than your hands. WARWICK. Then 'twas my turn to fly, and now 'tis thine. CLIFFORD. You said so much before, and yet yo
. "Kidnapping a German subject." "And stealing his private papers." "Well, you realize your position, you and your accomplice here. If I were to shout for help as we pass throug
at his study, where they say he keeps To ruminate strange plots of dire revenge; Tell him Revenge is come to join with him, And wor
 farther. He furnished me with a plan of the house, and he told me that in the forenoon the study was always empty, as the secretary was 
lt Upon his body that hath slaughter'd him! Lady. Find thou the means, and I'll find such a man. But now I'll tell thee joyful tidings, girl. Jul. And jo
and like to prove most sinewy sword-men. Exeunt BERTRAM and PAROLLES Enter LAFEU LAFEU. [Kneeling] Par
 better. SECOND LADY. And why so, my lord? MAMILLIUS. Not for because Your brows are blacker; yet black brows, they say, Become some women best; so that there be not Too much hair there, but in
 and streaked with damp and bad weather. There are grounds round it, woods on three sides, and on the f
een him in such exuberant spirits. Again and again he recurred to the fact that if he could be assured that society was fr
me most forward in this princely presence To doom th' offenders, whosoe'er they be. I say, my lord, they have deserved death. GLOUCESTER. Then be your ey
 my liege. KING. Then you perceive the body of our kingdom How foul it is; what rank diseases grow, And with what danger, near the
 be seen. He made no report of it at the time. Why, whatever is the matter with Mr. Holmes?" My friend was standing with an expression of strained intensity upon his face, staring at t
. We therefore have great cause of thankfulness, And shall forget the office of our hand Sooner than quittance of desert and merit According to the weight and 
ery detail upon my memory. I proceed, then, from the morning which followed our abortive chase of the convict and our other strange ex
py are in this, Give them thy fingers, me thy lips to kiss. 129 Th' expense of spirit in a waste of shame
se into plain ASCII, EBCDIC or equivalent form by the program that displays the etext (as is the case, for instance, with most word processors);
tions which might be presented by his dress or appearance. I did not gain very much, however, by my inspection. Our visitor bore every mark of being an average commonplace Brit
 earth, And yet are on't? Live you? or are you aught That man may question? You seem to understand me, By each at once her choppy finger laying Upon her skinny lips. You s
hat we did was to organize a central guard-house in the middle of the fort, and to leave each gate under the charge of one white man and t
his class--"it is not really difficult to construct a series of inferences, each dependent upon its predecessor and each simp
 As to upbraid you with those kindnesses That I have done for you. VIOLA. I know of none, Nor know I you by voice or any feature. I hate ingratitude mor
usly on his own part beheld, Do in our eyes begin to lose their gloss; Yea, like fair fruit in an unwholesome dish, Are like to rot untasted. Go and tell him We come to speak with him; an
 case in such a half-hearted fashion. Even the news brought back by Hopkins that he had found the children and that they had undoubtedly seen a woman exactly corresponding with Holme
rother was himself a little inclined to my father's fault. He thought, too, that if we parted with the chaplet it might give rise to gossip and finally bring us into trouble. It was all that I coul
ars gradually away as each new discovery furnishes a step which leads on to the complete truth. At the time the circumstances made a deep impression upon me, and the lapse of two
rnt; But Priam found the fire ere he his tongue, And I my Percy's death ere thou report'st it. This thou wouldst say: 'Your son did thus and thus; You
her; For I have gained by't. CAESAR. Since I saw you last There is a change upon you. POMPEY. Well, I know not What counts harsh fortune casts upon my 
Cross Hotel at noon on Saturday. Remember that only English notes, or gold, will be taken. "That will do very well. I shall be very much surprised if it does not fetch our man." An
d they were blanks rather than fill'd with me! VIOLA. Madam, I come to whet your gentle thoughts On his behalf. OLIVIA. O, by your le
 White-handed mistress, one sweet word with thee. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Honey, and milk, and sugar; there is three. BEROWNE. Nay, then, two treys, an if you grow so nice, Me
 about armed. His revolver was never out of his pocket. But, by bad luck, he was in his dressing gown and had left it in the bedroom last night. Once the bridge was up, I guess he thought 
u had left me alone I would not have hurt you." "I remember," Holmes gasped. "The spring! It drew blood. This box--this on the table." "The very one, by George! And it may as well leav
neril] Art not asham'd to look upon this beard?- O Regan, wilt thou take her by the hand? Gon. Why not by th' hand, sir? How have I offended? All's not offence that indiscretion finds A
self is true. FITZWATER. Surrey, thou liest. SURREY. Dishonourable boy! That lie shall lie so heavy on
print of the hound beside him as he lay. It all fits together. I don't think that I am a coward, Watson, but that sound seemed to freeze my very blo
 would my lord? ANTONY. Since Cleopatra died, I have liv'd in such dishonour that the gods Detest my baseness. I, that with
hey could lay their hands upon. That is all clear enough, but there was much that was still obscure. What I wanted above all was to get the missing part of that note. I was certain that 
e it. It was the figure of a man, clad in a suit of black, who squatted down upon his hams with his forehead sunk upon the edge of the box a
in hand. Neither of us needed to be told who that visitor was. The huge body, the craggy and deeply seamed face with the fierce eyes and hawk-like nose, the grizzled hair which nearly brushed
t life if he had his way--the black-eyed, scowling, yellow devil." We carried her upstairs, laid her on the sofa, and a co
. QUEEN MARGARET. O princely Buckingham, I'll kiss thy hand In sign of league and amity with thee. Now fair befall thee and thy noble house! Thy garments 
y post?" "A box by chance?" "I'm fainting--I'm gone!" "Listen, Holmes!" There was a sound as if he was 
d best knows The fits o' the season. I dare not speak much further; But cruel are the times when we are traitors A
e unbarring of doors and considerable risk of detection. It was better, if he could, to have his helpmate inside the house. But whom could he ask? This girl had been devoted 
sleep to death. Glou. I would have all well betwixt you. Exit. Lear. O me, my heart, my rising heart! But down! Fool. Cry to it, nuncle, as the cockney did to 
r going down to Devonshire without delay. There is only one provision which I must make. You certainly must not go 
doctor's evidence pointed to an almost incredible facial distortion--so great that Dr. Mortimer refused at first to believe that it was indeed his friend 
ak." "How did you know that?" "My friend Mortimer told me." "You think, then, that some dog pursued Sir Charles, and that he died of fright in consequence?" "Have you any bette
d you ever. But it is no matter. Let Hercules himself do what he may, The cat will mew, and dog will have his day. Exit
th with turnips. MRS. PAGE. Come, trouble not yourself. Good Master Fenton, I will not be your friend, nor enemy; My daughter will I question how she loves you, And as I find
us. CASSIUS. Where is Antony? TREBONIUS. Fled to his house amazed. Men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and run As it were doomsday. BRUTUS. Fates, we will know your pleasures. That w
rhymers Ballad us out o' tune; the quick comedians Extemporally will stage us, and present Our Alexandrian revels; Antony Shall be brought drunken forth, and I shall see Some squeaking Cle
f you; and I won't claim to be your husband until I come back?' Well, we talked it over, and he had fixed it all up so nicely, with a clergyman all ready 
pirits, swinging an old elastic-sided boot in his hand. He chucked it down into a corner and helped himself to a cup of tea. "I only looke
her more pressing interview which urged him in the same direction. It may have been that his attentions to Ettie had been mor
en I gave it Helen I bade her, if her fortunes ever stood Necessitied to help, that by this token I would relieve her. Had you that craft to reav
s future brother-in-law. Holmes walked swiftly across the lawn, and we were at the open window of the bedroom long before the others came up. "Mis
hrough the lower window-sash about an inch above the bottom. "By George!" cried the inspector. "How ever did you see that?" "Because I looked for it." "Wonderful!" said the coun
strings were thine, shouldst know of this. IAGO. 'Sblood, but you will not hear me. If ever I did dream of such a matter, Abhor me. RODE
y bargains, cooled my friends, heated mine enemies. And what's his reason? I am a Jew. Hath not a Jew ey
ace As mercy does. If he had been as you, and you as he, You would have slipp'd like him; but he, like you
y this; And now, methinks, I have a mind to it. BASSANIO.. There's more depends on this than on the value. The dearest ring in Venice will I give you, And find it
s hand to the sofa, and our palpitating visitor with his agitated companion sat side by side upon it. Mr. Mortimer Tregennis was
ver count the turns. Once, and a million! IACHIMO. I'll be sworn- POSTHUMUS. No swearing. If you will swear
s it fell out. QUINCE. Let us hear, sweet Bottom. BOTTOM. Not a word of me. All that I will tell you is, that the Duke hath dined. Get your apparel together; good strings to 
 a cold valley-fountain of that ground: Which borrowed from this holy fire of Love, A dateless lively heat still to endure, And grew a seeting bath which yet men prove, Against strange maladies
MASTER-GUNNER. Sirrah, thou know'st how Orleans is besieg'd, And how the English have the suburbs won. BOY. Father, I know; and oft have shot at them, Howe'er
an who sets less value upon his own life than I do at the present moment. "Now I have told you all. You have yourself supplied the
ee veneys for a dish of stew'd prunes -and, I with my ward defending my head, he hot my shin, and, by my troth, I cannot abide the smell of hot meat 
 himself among these trees To be consorted with the humorous night. Blind is his love and best befits the dark. Mer. If love be
ll. If you force your way into that cottage, all is over between us.' "There was such earnestness, such despair, in her mann
vesdroppers?' "'Entirely.' "'Then the matter stands thus. You are probably aware that fuller's-earth is a valuable product, and that it is only found in one or 
e not heard of any." "Thank you. Good morning." Holmes returned to his seat with that quiet look of inward satisfaction which meant that he had a congenial task before h
 apparition, exactly corresponding to the hell-hound of the legend. I assure you that there is a reign of terror in the district, and that it is a hardy man 
leman that well deserves a help, Which he shall have. I'll pay the debt, and free him. MESSENGER. Your lordship ever binds him. TIMON. Commend me to him; I wi
 was guilty of. PAROLLES. What the devil should move me to undertake the recovery of this drum, being not ignorant of the impossibility, and knowing I 
 which he had formed of my companion's ability, but I saw by the Inspector's face that his attention had been keenly aroused. "You consider that to be important?" he asked. "Exceedingly so." "Is t
d, Lucilius, How he received you. Let me be resolved. LUCILIUS. With courtesy and with respect enough, But not with such familiar instances, Nor 
 crow. BALTHAZAR. Have patience, sir; O, let it not be so! Herein you war against your reputation, And draw within the compass of suspect Th' unviolated honour of your wife. Once this-you
uly formidable as when, for days on end, he had been lounging in his armchair amid his improvisations and his black-letter editions. Then it was that the lust of the chase w
 heart! poor bankrout, break at once! To prison, eyes; ne'er look on liberty! Vile earth, to earth resign; end motion here, And thou and Romeo press one heavy b
alysis of these four words would enable you to say with the utmost confidence that the 'learn' and the 'maybe' are writ
d, pitiful, and flexible: Thou stern, obdurate, flinty, rough, remorseless. Bid'st thou me rage? Why, now thou hast thy wish; Wouldst have me w
 sturdy old man, whom he had left so short a time before, was gone, then, and this was all his epitaph. Jefferson Hope looked wildly round to see if there was a second grave, but 
haring Cross Hotel at noon on Saturday. Remember that only English notes, or gold, will be taken. "That will d
UTUS. Yet, countrymen, O, yet hold up your heads! CATO. What bastard doth not? Who will go with me? I will proclaim my name about 
m not intruding. I fear that I have brought some traces of the storm and rain into your snug chamber." "Give me your coat and umbrel
ease your Grace, against John Goodman, my Lord Cardinal's man, for keeping my house and lands, and wife and all, from me. SUFFOLK. Thy wife too! 
; Their ships are yare; yours heavy. No disgrace Shall fall you for refusing him at sea, Being prepar'd for land. ANTONY. By sea, by sea. ENOBARBUS. Most worthy sir, yo
ld out these pangs. Th' incessant care and labour of his mind Hath wrought the mure that should confine it in So thin that life looks throug
A canary's cage was hanging in the window, and its aim seems to have been to get at the bird." "Then what was the beast?" "Ah, if I could give it a name it might go a long way towards solving the cas
ther lie; and there this night We'll pass the business privately and well. Send for your daughter by your servant here; My boy shall fetch the scrivener 
 station." The lady gave a violent start and stared in bewilderment at my companion. "There is no mystery, my dear madam," said he, smiling. "The left arm of your jacket is spattered 
even of us in a gang in Chicago, and Elsie's father was the boss of the Joint. He was a clever man, was old Patrick. It was he who invented that writing, which would pass as a chil
old man's death. Was it possible that it was Barrymore after all whom we had seen in the cab in Regent Street? The beard might well have been the same. The cabman had described a somewhat s
oor whom our full Senate Call all in all sufficient? This the nature Whom passion could not shake? whose solid virtue The shot of accident nor dart of chance Could neither graze nor pierce? IAG
llent music; for to-morrow night we would have it at the Lady Hero's chamber window. Balth. The best I can, my lord. Pedro. Do so. Farewell. Exit Baltha
fear, That makes these odds all even. CLAUDIO. I humbly thank you. To sue to live, I find I seek to die; And, seeking death, find life. Let
 answer came it was one of which I love to think. He lifted the little child, kissed her, and then, still carrying her, he held hi
I, unjustly too, must grant it you. [DERBY rises] But for my brother not a man would speak; Nor I, ungracious, speak unto myself For him, poor soul. The proudest of 
t, This after me. I have writ my name Without the help of any hand at all. Curs'd be that heart that forc'd us to 
, to confirm it plain, You gave me this; but take it, sir, again. KING. My faith and this the Princess I did give; I knew her by this jewel on her sleeve. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Pardon m
 but a staunch hound on a scent. Well, Pompey, you may not be fast, but I expect you will be too fast for a couple of middle-aged London gentlemen, so I will take the l
rforms a delicate operation. I knew that the opening of safes was a particular hobby with him, and I understood the joy which it gave him to be confronted with this green and gold monster, the d
ranted in course- and now follows all: we shall advise this wronged maid to stead up your appointment, go in your place. If
upra-orbital development. Would you have any objection to my running my finger along your parietal fissure? A cast of your skull, sir, until the original is availab
. Close on the heels of these two famous cases came the tragedy of Woodman's Lee, and the very obscure circumstances which surrounded the death of Captain Peter Carey. No rec
h haste I sent to seek his master! Sure, Luciana, it is two o'clock. LUCIANA. Perhaps some merchant hath invited him, And from the mart he's somewhere gone to dinner; Good sister
he other, slapping him upon the shoulder. 'I've had a nasty facer myself, but--' That was all I could hear, but it was enough to set me
r, and it won't take us twenty minutes to Victoria. But about this picture: I thought you told me once, Mr. Holmes, that you ha
r honour. For my part, my lord, My purpose was not to have seen you here; But meeting with Salerio by the way, He did entreat me, past all saying nay, To come with him along. SALERIO. I did,
Therefore he sends to know your lordship's pleasure- If you will presently take horse with him And with all speed post with 
shall I dread, doing no wrong? You have among you many a purchas'd slave, Which, fike your asses and your dogs and mules, Yo
ould have equalled. It was not merely that Holmes changed his costume. His expression, his manner, his very soul seemed to vary with 
er, you can go. Now we are making a little progress. Our lady enters the room, advances to the bureau, and either opens it or tries to do so. Wh
'd princes fight in thy behalf. King Henry's issue, Richmond, comforts thee. Enter the GHOST of HENRY THE SIXTH GHOST. [To RICHARD] When I was mortal, my anointed body
 thence He was much fear'd by his physicians. Wor. I would the state of time had first been whole Ere he by sickness had been visited. His health was never better worth than now. Hot. 
ll to the woods, where he shall find Th' unkindest beast more kinder than mankind. The gods confound- hear me, you good gods 
Edward's place. O Margaret, thus 'twill be; and thou, poor soul, Art then forsaken, as thou went'st forlorn! SECOND KEEPER. Say, what art thou that talk'st of kings and queens? KING HENRY. More tha
hose young love The vines of France and milk of Burgundy Strive to be interest; what can you say to draw A third more opulent than your sist
nything? I am perfectly fresh now, and quite ready for another night's outing." "No, we can do nothing. We can only wait. If we go ourselves, the message m
 I with some unwillingness pronounce: The sly slow hours shall not determinate The dateless limit of thy dear exile; The hopeless word of 'never to return' Breathe I against thee, upon
paper LONGAVILLE. By whom shall I send this?- Company! Stay. [Steps aside] BEROWNE. 'All hid, all hid'- an old infant play. Like a demigod here sit I in the sky, And wretched fo
ou not?" "I was a boy in my 'teens at the time of my father's death, and had never seen the Hall, for he lived in a little cottage on the South Coast. Then
e- Dost thou attend me? MIRANDA. Sir, most heedfully. PROSPERO. Being once perfected how to grant suits, How to deny them, who t' advance, and who
whorish loins Are pleas'd to breed out your inheritors. Both merits pois'd, each weighs nor less nor more; But he as he, the heavier for a whore. PARIS.
NLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> Scene V. Elsinore. A room in the Castle. Enter Horatio, Queen, and a Gentleman. Queen. I will not speak with her. Gent. She is importunate, indeed distr
r some small space, being strong at heart, He sent me hither, stranger as I am, To tell this story, that you might excuse His broken promise, and to give this n
low hath banish'd two on's daughters, and did the third a blessing against his will. If thou follow him, thou must needs wear my coxcomb.- Ho
men's souls, Doing more murther in this loathsome world, Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell. I sell thee poison; thou hast sold me none. Farewell. Buy f
 As fearfully as doth a galled rock O'erhang and jutty his confounded base, Swill'd with the wild and wasteful ocean. Now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wi
y-alack the day!- Love, whose month is ever May, Spied a blossom passing fair Playing in the wanton air. Through the velvet leaves the wind, All unseen, can
ous lips. There is my gage, the manual seal of death That marks thee out for hell. I say thou liest, And will maintain what thou hast said is false In thy heart-blo
r now from the furthest inch of Asia; bring you the length of Prester John's foot; fetch you a hair off the great Cham's beard; do you any embassage to the Pygmies--rather than hold thre
d not deny you; but, by this good day, I yield upon great persuasion, and partly to save your life, for I was told you were in a consumption. Bene. Peace! I will stop your mout
_1 ACT III. SCENE I. A plain in Syria Enter VENTIDIUS, as it were in triumph, with SILIUS and other Romans, OFFICERS and soldiers; the
mlet.] How all occasions do inform against me And spur my dull revenge! What is a man, If his chief good and market of his time Be but to sleep and feed? A bea
 our counsels And know how we proceed. AUFIDIUS. Is it not yours? What ever have been thought on in this state That could be brought to bo
 by that we know one another. SHALLOW. That's good too; but what needs either your mum or her budget? The white will decipher her well enough. It hath struck ten o'cloc
ne. O what a rogue and peasant slave am I! Is it not monstrous that this player here, But in a fiction, in a dream of passion, Could force his soul so to his own conceit That, from her working, al
Popp'd in between th' election and my hopes; Thrown out his angle for my Proper life, And with such coz'nage- is't not perfect conscience To quit him with this a
f Boss McGinty. The killing of the elder Jenkins, shortly followed by that of his brother, the mutilation of James Murdoch, the blowi
rdy Edwards--then we could get on his trail." "Well, it's possible. But I should not think he knew him. He is just telling me the news that came to him by way of business. How would he know t
d after I had twice read over the extraordinary announcement. Holmes chuckled and wriggled in his chair, as was his habit when in high
f those adventures which had been familiar enough in his past life. But it was the writing of a man, and of a we
ANCA GREMIO. My cake is dough, but I'll in among the rest; Out of hope of all but my share of the feast. Exit KATHERINA. Husband, let's follow to see the end of this ado. PET
 ta'en; In brief, sir, study what you most affect. LUCENTIO. Gramercies, Tranio, well dost thou advise. If, Biondello, thou wert come ashore, We could at once put us in rea
st eat thy bearer up.' Thus, my most royal liege, Accusing it, I put it on my head, To try with it- as with an enemy That had before my face murd'red my father- The quarrel of a true inheritor. Bu
what a king is this! Ham. Does it not, thinks't thee, stand me now upon- He that hath kill'd my king, and whor'd my mother; Popp'd in between th' election and my hopes; Thr
dren is enroll'd In Jove's own book, like an unnatural dam Should now eat up her own! SICINIUS. He's a disease that must be cut away. MENENIUS. O, he's a limb that has 
hind me, and I knocked down several books which he was carrying. I remember that as I picked them up I observed the title of one of them, The O
dded to their familiarity- Which was as gross as ever touch'd conjecture, That lack'd sight only, nought for approbation But only seeing, all other 
suddenly shrieked out in a voice which I shall never forget, 'Oh, my God! Helen! It was the band! The speckled band!' Ther
eft; and do pronounce by me Ling'ring perdition, worse than any death Can be at once, shall step by step attend You and your ways; whose wraths to guard you from- Which here, in this most desolate is
e glimpse of the country-side, but an oak shutter, heavily barred, was folded across it. It was a wonderfully silent house. There was an old clock tic
 do well believe you. FIRST GENTLEMAN. We must forbear; here comes the gentleman, The Queen, and Princess. Exeunt Enter the QUEEN, POSTHUMUS, and IMOGEN QUEE
shop of Winchester. But know I come not To hear such flattery now, and in my presence They are too thin and bare to hide offences. To me you cannot reach you play th
ched the Union House, some of them mixed with the crowd in McGinty's saloon, whispering across the bar to the Boss that the job had been well carried
rah Cushing, and next day I sent it from Belfast. "'There you have the whole truth of it. You can hang me, or do what you like with me, but you cannot punish me as I 
IAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE: Vienna ACT I. SCENE
h he goes, Like to a harvest-man that's task'd to mow Or all or lose his hire. VIRGILIA. His bloody brow? O Jupiter, no blood! VOLUMNIA. Away, you fool! It more b
 seaman lurched across the room and took up the pen. "Shall I sign here?" he asked, stooping over the table. Holmes leaned over his shoulder a
 will. LAUNCE. Thou shalt never get such a secret from me but by a parable. SPEED. 'Tis well that I get it so. But, Launce, how say'st thou that my master
; If any power pities wretched tears, To that I call! [To LAVINIA] What, would'st thou kneel with me? Do, then, dear heart; for heaven shall hear our prayers, Or with our sighs we'll breathe the welk
nset come, so shall I taste At first the very worst of fortune's might. And other strains of woe, which now seem woe, Compar
 for which I love him are bereft me, And I a heavy interim shall support By his dear absence. Let me go with him. OTHELLO. Let her have your voices. Vouch with me
erely sorry for him, while the two detectives smiled derisively, by no means displeased at this check which he had met. "It can't be a coincidence," he cried, at last springing from his chair a
ue by life usurp'd, Brief abstract and record of tedious days, Rest thy unrest on England's lawful earth, [Sitting down] Unlawfully made drunk with innocent blood. QUE
balt, and all the Guests and Gentlewomen to the Maskers. Cap. Welcome, gentlemen! Ladies that have their toes Unplagu'd with corns will have a 
cil. By words or blows here let us win our right. RICHARD. Arm'd as we are, let's stay within this house. WARWICK. The bloody parliament shall this be call'd, Unless Pla
he horse is a very gregarious creature. If left to himself his instincts would have been either to return to King's Pyland or go over to Mapleton. W
n I thought of the heavy rains and looked at the gaping roof I understood how strong and immutable must be the purpose which had kept him in that inhospitable abode. Was
ed detective differs from the Gregson and Lestrade type." "And the florid face?" I asked. "Ah, that was a more daring shot, though I have no doubt that I was ri
llenge it. Give him the crowns; And, Captain, you must needs be friends with him. FLUELLEN. By this day and this light, the fellow has 
me; therefore turn and draw. Rom. I do protest I never injur'd thee, But love thee better than thou canst devise Till thou shalt know the reason of my lov
gs Are not thine own so proper as to waste Thyself upon thy virtues, they on thee. Heaven doth with us as we with torches do, Not light them for themselves; for if our v
time, Which cannot look more hideously upon me Than I have drawn it in my fantasy. Enter LANCASTER, CLARENCE, GLOUCESTER, WESTMORELAND, an
st. Exeunt GLOUCESTER and EXETER SUFFOLK. Thus Suffolk hath prevail'd; and thus he goes, As did the youthful Paris once to Greece, With hope to find the like event in love Bu
 friend, the baronet, begins to display a considerable interest in our fair neighbour. It is not to be wondered at, for time hangs heavily in this lonely spot to an act
t if the cause be not good, the King himself hath a heavy reckoning to make when all those legs and arms and heads, chopp'd off in a battle, shall join together at the latter 
ere the latter street turns into Knight's Place, Toby ceased to advance, but began to run backwards and forwards with one ear
' affected merit. TROILUS. I take to-day a wife, and my election Is led on in the conduct of my will; My will enkindled by mine ey
. Speak not so grossly. You are all amaz'd. Here is a letter; read it at your leisure; It comes from Padua, from Bel
er of fence-three veneys for a dish of stew'd prunes -and, I with my ward defending my head, he hot my shin, and, by my troth, I cannot abide the smell of hot meat since. Why do yo
, for I will hence again. I came to serve a king and not a duke. Drummer, strike up, and let us march away. [The drum begins to march] KING EDWAR
gain. Or perhaps you are too tired?" "By no means. I don't think I could rest until I know more of this fantastic business. I have seen something of the rough side of life,
e was no lounger who could tell us who had passed. "Then we returned to the office, and searched the stairs and the passage without result. The corridor 
, mine own lord, what have I seen to-night! King. What, Gertrude? How does Hamlet? Queen. Mad as the sea and wind when both contend Which is the mightier. In his lawless fit Behind the arras
it. I was a fairly good dispenser, so I worked this alkaloid into small, soluble pills, and each pill I put in a box with a similar pill made without the poison. I determined at
 night he will be fluttering in our net as helpless as one of his own butterflies. A pin, a cork, and a card, and we
nd again the air was heavy with tobacco smoke. Holmes entered on tiptoe, waited for me to follow, and then very gently closed the door. We were in Milverton's study, and a portiere at
thwith To Agamemnon. Go we to him straight. Two curs shall tame each other: pride alone Must tarre the mastiffs on, as 'twere their bone. Exeunt <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE C
 a man mad as a buck to be so bought and sold. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Go fetch me something; I'll break ope the gate. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. [Within] Break any break
 after a long private interview with Sir Henry in his study, the upshot of their conversation was that the breach is quite healed, and that we are to 
eu, Lest our old robes sit easier than our new! ROSS. Farewell, father. OLD MAN. God's benison go with you and with those That would make
? SPEED. Sir, I could perceive nothing at all from her; no, not so much as a ducat for delivering your letter; and being so hard to me that brought your mi
 impossible for me to secure a conviction against them in any court. I knew of their guilt though, and I determined that I should be judge, jury, and executioner all rolled into on
likes me well. These foils have all a length? Prepare to play. Osr. Ay, my good lord. King. Set me the stoups of wine upon that table. If Hamlet give the first or 
lity,' he answered. 'It has a girth of twenty-three feet.' "Here was one of my fixed points secured. "'Have you any old elms?' I asked. "'There used t
Your oath I will not trust; but go with speed To some forlorn and naked hermitage, Remote from all the pleasures of the world; There stay until the twelve celestial sig
 Why, you whoreson round man, what's the matter? Fal. Are not you a coward? Answer me to that- and Poins there? Poins. Zounds, ye fat paun
ualtier or Walter, which it is I care not: Never yet did base dishonour blur our name But with our sword we wip'd away the blot; Therefore, when merchant-like I sell revenge, Broke be my sword, 
e Lady Grey? And now, to soothe your forgery and his, Sends me a paper to persuade me patience? Is this th' alliance that he seeks with France? Dare he presume to scorn us in this manner? QU
wever, and nothing could be seen. He made no report of it at the time. Why, whatever is the matter with Mr. Holmes?" My friend was standing with 
 hear and recognise the absolute truth." Lestrade looked at his watch. "I'll give you half an hour," said he. "I must explain first," sai
ench crown for your taffety punk, as Tib's rush for Tom's forefinger, as a pancake for Shrove Tuesday, a morris for Mayday, as the nail to his hole, the cuck
lords, And all the fellowship I hold now with him Is only my obedience. What can happen To me above this wretchedness? All your studies Make me a curse like this. CAMPEIUS. Your fears are worse. QUEE
 THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. SCENE I. Rome. Before the palace Enter AARON AARON. Now climbeth Tamora Olympus' top, Safe out of Fortune's sho
e rum corners, too. First of all, it is enormous in size. I should think that the enclosure must be acres and acres. There is a moder
a most skilful rider. The situation was full of peril. Every plunge of the excited horse brought it against the horns again, and goaded it to fresh madnes
s eat it? PISTOL. Base Troyan, thou shalt die. FLUELLEN. You say very true, scald knave- when God's will is. I will desire you to live in the meantime, a
e's some in hope. PROVOST. It is a bitter deputy. DUKE. Not so, not so; his life is parallel'd Even with the stroke and line of his great justice; He doth with holy abstinence subd
r House. Two hours passed slowly away, and then, suddenly, just at the stroke of eleven, a single bright light shone out right in front of us. "That is our signal," sai
ead of Ragozine for Claudio's: Th' offence pardons itself. Dear Isabel, I have a motion much imports your good; Whereto if you'll a willing ear incline, What's mine is yours, and what 
 James's, Evening News, Standard, Echo, and any others that occur to you." "Very well, sir. And this stone?" "Ah, yes, I shall keep the stone. Thank you. And, I sa
pected. We do seem to make a little progress, do we not? Perhaps you would rather do the questioning, Mr. Mac?" "No, Mr. Holmes, it's in better hands than mine." "Well, then, we will pass
o some impatience. Though I lose The praise of it by telling, you must know, When Caesar and your brother were at blows, Your mother came to Sicily and did find Her welcome f
 thy friends? And did not they Put on my brows this wreath of victory, And bid me give it thee? Didst thou not hear their shouts? Alas, thou hast misconstrued everything! But, hold thee, take t
t Affected eminence, wealth, sovereignty; Which, to say sooth, are blessings; and which gifts, Saving your mincing, the capacity Of your soft cheveril
l show itself more openly hereafter. ARCHBISHOP. I do not doubt you. WESTMORELAND. I am glad of it. Health to my lord and gentle cousin, Mowbray. MOWBRAY. You wish me health in very
 The news, Rogero? SECOND GENTLEMAN. Nothing but bonfires. The oracle is fulfill'd: the King's daughter is found. Such a deal of wonder is broken out within th
aving loaded two of the chambers, he put it back into the right-hand pocket of his jacket. We had during this time been following the guidanc
d me In a sweet verbal brief it did concern Your Highness with herself. KING. [Reads the letter] 'Upon his many protestations to marry me when his wife was dead, I bl
 added to the faults of mine, And nothing of your answer. ANGELO. Nay, but hear me; Your sense pursues not mine; either you are ignorant Or seem so, craftily; and that's not good. ISABELLA. Let
 back yourself!" he cried. "I'll blow your face in if you lay a hand on me. As to the lodge, wasn't it the order of the Bodymaster that the man was not to be killed--and what are you doing 
lk'd apace; and in that hour, my lord, They did not bless us with one happy word. I dare not call them fools; but this I think, When they are thirsty, fools w
n was not to be killed--and what are you doing but killing him?" "It's truth he says," remarked one of the men. "By Gar! you'd best hurry yourselves!" cried the man below. "The windows are all ligh
e What 'twere to lose it and be miserable! They that stand high have many blasts to shake them, And if they fall they dash themselves to pieces. GLOUCESTER. Good counsel, marry; learn it,
aven and earth, Call not me slanderer! Thou and thine usurp The dominations, royalties, and rights, Of this oppressed boy; this is thy eldest son's son, Infortunate in nothing but 
can give, To have't with saying 'Good morrow.' SICINIUS. For that he has- As much as in him lies- from time to time Envied against the people, seeking means To pluck away t
y; but give me your hands. God send you joy, Petruchio! 'Tis a match. GREMIO, TRANIO. Amen, say we; we will be witnesses. PETRUCHIO. Father, and wife, and gentlemen, adieu. I will to Venice; Sunday
d then I will feel sure of you; and I won't claim to be your husband until I come back?' Well, we talked it over, and he had fixed it all up so nicely, with a clergyman all ready in waiti
orn three inches deeper than his. But this gentleman in the cab is my client, Mr. Hall Pycroft. Allow me to introduce you to him. Whip your horse up, cabby, for we have only just time to 
of a monograph upon obscure nervous lesions?" I asked. His pale cheeks flushed with pleasure at hearing that his work was known to me. "I so seldom hear of the work that I thought it was 
is so black- Thou art more deep damn'd than Prince Lucifer; There is not yet so ugly a fiend of hell As thou shalt be, if thou didst kil
nce apply to Banquo; Present him eminence, both with eye and tongue: Unsafe the while, that we Must lave our honors in these flattering streams, And make our faces vizards to our hearts,
proach of Peterson that he thought of nothing but flight, but since then he must have bitterly regretted the impulse which caused him to drop his bird. Then, again, the introduction of his name
my regard, Of the unworthiest siege. Laer. What part is that, my lord? King. A very riband in the cap of youth- Yet needfull too; for youth no less be
auteous heir Of Jaques Falconbridge, solemnized In Normandy, saw I this Longaville. A man of sovereign parts, peerless esteem'd, Well fitted in arts, glorio
Faith, how easy? SANDYS. As easy as a down bed would afford it. CHAMBERLAIN. Sweet ladies, will it please you sit? Sir Harry, Place you that side; I'll take the charge of t
r fellow tribune. SICINIUS. You show too much of that For which the people stir; if you will pass To where you are bound, you must enquire your way, Which yo
now nor care!" "Well, you will know, I'll promise you that. You won't be much older, either. Perhaps Miss Ettie can tell you something about it. As to you, Ettie, you
e. She that doth call me husband, even my soul Doth for a wife abhor. But her fair sister, Possess'd with such a gentle sovereign grace, Of such enchanting presenc
 to Mr. Charles McCarthy, who was also an ex-Australian. The men had known each other in the colonies, so that it was not unnatural that when they came to settle down
Fourth! KING EDWARD. Thanks, brave Montgomery, and thanks unto you all; If fortune serve me, I'll requite this kindness. Now for this night
 majesty Doth dogged war bristle his angry crest And snarleth in the gentle eyes of peace; Now powers from home and discontents at home Meet in one l
hment for the second." "By George, it's marvellous!" cried Hopkins, in an ecstasy of admiration. "To think that I had all that evidence in my hand and neve
t even without knowing his brilliant record one could not fail to be impressed by a mere glance at the man, the square, massive face, the brooding eyes u
nock when I reached it, but turned the handle and rushed into the passage. "It was all still and quiet upon the ground floor. In the kitchen a k
coloured ink which here thou viewest, beholdest, surveyest, or seest. But to the place Where? It standeth north-north-east and by east from the west corner of thy curious-knot
and cheek; his smiles; The very mould and frame of hand, nail, finger. And thou, good goddess Nature, which hast made it So like to him that got it, if thou hast The ordering of the mind too
room, and good for winter. POMPEY. Why, very well then; I hope here be truths. ANGELO. This will last out a night in Russia, When nights are longest
 me not, but lend thy serious hearing To what I shall unfold. Ham. Speak. I am bound to hear. Ghost. So art thou to revenge, when thou s
t of danger yet. Suddenly, however, as I ran, a deadly dizziness and sickness came over me. I glanced down at my hand, which was throbbing painfully, and then, for the first time, saw that my 
 familiar with the contents of these letters. My client will certainly do what I may advise. I shall counsel her to tell her future husband the whole stor
akes a swan-like end, Fading in music. That the comparison May stand more proper, my eye shall be the stream And wat'ry death-bed for him. He may win; And what is m
And talk'd apace; and in that hour, my lord, They did not bless us with one happy word. I dare not call them fools; but this I think, When they are thirsty, fools would fain ha
ohn for accusing the Lady Hero wrongfully. Dog. Flat burglary as ever was committed. Verg. Yea, by th' mass, that it is. Sex. What else, fellow? 1. Watch. And that Count Claudio did 
ng autumn, angry winter, change Their wonted liveries; and the mazed world, By their increase, now knows not which is which. And this same progeny of evils comes From 
ely unexpected. We do seem to make a little progress, do we not? Perhaps you would rather do the questioning, Mr. Mac?" "No, Mr. Holmes, it's in better ha
ong? SATURNINUS. Ay, but the citizens favour Lucius, And will revolt from me to succour him. TAMORA. King, be thy thoughts imperious like thy name! Is the sun dimm'd, that gna
ral effect of removing any traces of doubt which might have remained in the minds of the coroner's jury." "It was a confession," I ejaculated. "No, for it was followed by a protest
 to prevent him from endeavouring to communicate with her. So much is fairly clear. The most serious point in the case is the disposition of the child.
 thus we die while remiss traitors sleep. LUCY. O, send some succour to the distress'd lord! YORK. He dies; we lose; I break my warlike word. We mourn: France smiles. We lose: they da
," said I with some asperity. "Bravo, Watson! A very dignified and logical remonstrance. Let me see, what were the points? Take the last one fir
mes: "There has been a bad business during the night at 3, Lauriston Gardens, off the Brixton Road. Our man on the beat saw a light there about two in the morning, and as the ho
ent grace to present slaves and servants Translates his rivals. PAINTER. 'Tis conceiv'd to scope. This throne, this Fortune, and this hill, methinks, With one man beckon'd from 
reat hands opening and shutting in his agitation. "What do you mean?" he asked at last. "If this is bluff upon your part, Mr. Holmes, you have chosen a bad man for your experiment. Let us have no 
ain, that they may prosperous be, And honour'd in their issue. [They sing] JUNO. Honour, riches, marriage-blessing, Long continuance, and increasing, Hourly joys be still upon you! Jun
 and send IRIS on employment] PROSPERO. Sweet now, silence; Juno and Ceres whisper seriously. There's something else to do; hush, and be mute, Or else our s
s his heart Inflam'd with Venus. Never did young man fancy With so eternal and so fix'd a soul. Hark, Greek: as much as I do Cressid love, So much by weight hate I
us. Just as he finished, however, we drove through two scattered villages, where a few lights still glimmered in the windows. "We are on the outski
825 This "Small Print!" by Charles B. Kramer, Attorney Internet (72600.2026@compuserve.com); TEL: (212-254-5093) **** SMALL PRINT! FOR __ COMPLETE SHAKESPEARE **** 
all summer's honey breath hold out, Against the wrackful siege of batt'ring days, When rocks impregnable are not so stout, Nor gates of steel so strong but time decays? O fearful medita
And the one beyond, which shines so brightly?" "That is certainly the dining-room." "The blinds are up. You know the lie of the land best. Creep forward quietly and se
 us, When thou hast broke it in such dear degree? CLARENCE. Alas! for whose sake did I that ill deed? For Edward, for my brother, for his sake. He sends you not to murder me fo
se you as to your machine if I knew what the exact purpose was for which it was used.' "The instant that I uttered the words I regretted the
lute And make the silken strings delight to kiss them, He would not then have touch'd them for his life! Or had he heard the heavenly harmony Which that 
nguage. No, he's settled, Not to come off, in his displeasure. SURREY. Sir, I should be glad to hear such news as this Once every hour. NORFOLK. Believe it, this is true: In the divorc
hree. DUKE. You can fool no more money out of me at this throw; if you will let your lady know I am here to speak with her, and bring her along with you, it
use." "Well?" "He said, 'I'll pay you five pounds a week if I can have it on my own terms.' I'm a poor woman, sir, and Mr. Warren earns little, and the money meant 
. It is my business to soothe it. But I can assure you that so far as the essentials go--the storage of munitions, the preparation for submarine attack, the arrangements for making high explo
 another before they begin to live together." I laughed at this cross-examination. "I keep a bull pup," I said, "and I object to rows because my nerves are shaken, and I get up at all so
h' Roman? LIEUTENANT. I do not know what witchcraft's in him, but Your soldiers use him as the grace fore meat, Their talk at table, and their thanks at end; And you are dark'ned in this action, s
[Enter King, Queen, Polonius, Ophelia, Rosencrantz, Guildenstern, and other Lords attendant, with the Guard carrying torches. Ham. They are coming to the play. I must be idle. Get you a place. King
l there. You will excuse me for a few minutes while I satisfy myself as to this floor." He threw himself down upon his face with his lens in his ha
through the fall in agricultural prices, not more than 750. Each daughter can claim an income of 250, in case of marriage. It is evident, therefore, that if both girls had married, this beauty 
r, This fellow were a king for our wild faction! FIRST OUTLAW. We'll have him. Sirs, a word. SPEED. Master, be one of them; it's an honourable kind of thievery.
lace; and, sir, 'tis fit You make strong party, or defend yourself By calmness or by absence; all's in anger. MENENIUS. Only fair speech. COMINIUS. I think 'twill serve, if he Can thereto
I'll start the smiting," exclaimed Ferrier furiously, and would have rushed upstairs for his gun had not Lucy seized him by the arm and restrained him. Befo
e taints of liberty, The flash and outbreak of a fiery mind, A savageness in unreclaimed blood, Of general assault. Rey. But, my good lord- Pol. Wherefore should you do this? Rey. Ay, my lord, 
t the matter promises to be even more complex and mysterious than was originally supposed. Fresh evidence has shown that it is quite impossible that Mr. Thaddeus Sholto could have been in any way 
 to speak lightly to our worthy landlady, but I was myself somewhat uneasy when through the long night I still from time to time heard the dull sound of his tread, and knew how his keen spirit
"No." "Well, that's because he daren't trust you. But in his heart he is not a loyal brother. We know that well. So we watch him and we wait for the time to adm
re truth why labour you To make it wander in an unknown field? Are you a god? Would you create me new? Transform me, then, and to your pow'r I'll yield. But if that I am I, then wel
 body of the fleshly land, This kingdom, this confine of blood and breath, Hostility and civil tumult reigns Between my conscience and my cousin's death. HUBERT. Arm you against you
y water-pot expedient by which I obtained a clearer impress of his foot than might otherwise have been possible. The wet, sandy path took it admirably. Last night was also wet, you will re
to the inquiry. And it ended by my discovering traces, but very different ones from those which I had expected. There had been a man in the room, and he had crossed the lawn
t? Clown. One that was a woman, sir; but, rest her soul, she's dead. Ham. How absolute the knave is! We must speak by the card, or equivocation will undo us. By the Lord, Horatio, this thr
xley Old Place, was taken by an elderly man, who gave the name of Professor Coram. He was an invalid, keeping his bed half the time, and the other half hobbling
t Pistol! PISTOL. Base tike, call'st thou me host? Now by this hand, I swear I scorn the term; Nor shall my Nell keep lodgers. HOSTESS. No, by my troth, not long; for we cannot lodge and boa
 like hedgehogs which Lie tumbling in my barefoot way, and mount Their pricks at my footfall; sometime am I All wound with adders, who with cloven tongues Do hi
ent to me that she was saying what was false. I said nothing in reply, but turned my face to the wall, sick at heart, with my mind filled with a thousand venomous d
r for your raising? I know her well: She had her breeding at my father's charge. A poor physician's daughter my wife! Disdain Rather corrupt me ever! KING. 'Tis only title thou disdain'st in her, the
u, And find it out by proclamation; Only for this, I pray you, pardon me. PORTIA. I see, sir, you are liberal in offers; You taught me first to beg, and now, methinks, You teach me how 
 hath pass'd But even with law against the wilful sons Of old Andronicus. And what an if His sorrows have so overwhelm'd his wits, Shall we be thus afflicted in his wreaks, His fits, 
us in the judgment which we have pronounced this night." THE ADVENTURE OF THE SECOND STAIN I had intended "The Adventure of the Abbey Grange" to be the last of those exploits of my friend, Mr. S
 coat had been brought to him; but before putting it on he examined his right arm, which still smarted heavily. There on the flesh of the forearm was a ci
. Kent. No, do not. For confirmation that I am much more Than my out-wall, open this purse and take What it contains. If you shall see Cordelia (As fear not but you s
lear from any image of offence done to any man. SIR TOBY. You'll find it otherwise, I assure you; therefore, if you hold your life at any price, betake you to your guard; for your opposite hath i
ISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. PROLOGUE. Flourish. Enter CHORUS CHORU
, though he do nothing but reprove. CLOWN. Now Mercury endue thee with leasing, for thou speak'st well of fools! Re-enter MARIA MARIA. Madam, there is at the gate a young gentle
his testimonials, and from the first he was a decent, quiet, hardworking fellow, with no weak spot in him at all. And yet this is the lad who has met his death this morning in t
lock Holmes. "A fitting wind-up to an extremely interesting case. There is nothing at all new to me in the latter part of your narrative, except that you brought your own 
 to let it pass. As it drove by us I caught a glimpse through the closed window of a horribly contorted, grinning face glaring out at us. Those staring eyes and gnashing teeth flashe
 it at the time, nor would have given it a second thought but for this letter; but now I'm sure it's the man. I met him on the cars when I went down the line on Wednesday--a hard case if ever th
re thy hand did set it down. I tore it from the traitor's bosom, King; Fear, and not love, begets his penitence. Forget to pity him, lest thy pity prove A serpent that will sting thee t
d, she should have joined them. I pulled out my knife, and--well, there! I've said enough. It gave me a kind of savage joy when I thought how Sarah would feel when sh
, for, finding that he could get away from London, he determined to head me off at the next obvious point of my travels. In the disguise of a workingman he had sat in the cabaret waiting fo
of a butt, not rigg'd, Nor tackle, sail, nor mast; the very rats Instinctively have quit it. There they hoist us, To cry to th' sea, that roar'd to us; to sigh To th' winds, whose pity, sigh
s thus: 'Do my Lord of Canterbury A shrewd turn and he's your friend for ever.' Come, lords, we trifle time away; I long To have this young one made a Christian. As I have mad
them I will endeavour anything. Bora. Go then; find me a meet hour to draw Don Pedro and the Count Claudio alone; tell them that you know that Hero loves m
ere as deep under the earth as I am above! CRESSIDA. O the gods! What's the matter? PANDARUS. Pray thee, get thee in. Would thou hadst ne'er been born! I knew thou wouldst be hi
make you and him to rue at th' other. Therefore he sends to know your lordship's pleasure- If you will presently take horse with him And with all speed post with
 else, To strengthen and support King Edward's place. O Margaret, thus 'twill be; and thou, poor soul, Art then forsaken, as thou went'st forlorn! SECOND KEEPER. Say, what art thou that t
amed piece; You, like a lecher, out of whorish loins Are pleas'd to breed out your inheritors. Both merits pois'd, each weighs nor less nor more; But he as he, 
y. A goodly prize, fit for the devil's grace! See how the ugly witch doth bend her brows As if, with Circe, she would change my shape! PUCELLE. Chang'd to a worser shape
ment; bid him bring his power Before sunrising, lest his son George fall Into the blind cave of eternal night. Exit CATESBY Fill me a bowl of wine. Give me a watch
 which cumbered the grounds. Miss Morstan and I stood together, and her hand was in mine. A wondrous subtle thing is love, for here were we two who had never seen each other befo
ther, and I'll stay the circumstance. Let me be satisfied, is't good or bad? Nurse. Well, you have made a simple choice; you know not how to choose a man. Romeo? No, not he. Though his
cause In speaking for myself. Yet, by your gracious patience, I will a round unvarnish'd tale deliver Of my whole course of love: what drugs, what charms, What 
rical engineer, and we hope to be married at the end of the summer. Dear me, how did I get talking about him? What I wished to say was that Mr. Woodley was perfectly o
 I Do come with words as medicinal as true, Honest as either, to purge him of that humour That presses him from sleep. LEONTES. What noise there, ho? PAULINA. No noise, my lord; but needfu
hat's on thee! Senseless bauble, Art thou a fedary for this act, and look'st So virgin-like without? Lo, here she comes. Enter IMOGEN I am ignorant in what I am 
eak of him, and let my soul Want mercy if I do not join with him! Yea, on his part I'll empty all these veins, And shed my dear blood drop by drop in 
As Scythian Tomyris by Cyrus' death. Great is the rumour of this dreadful knight, And his achievements of no less account. Fain would mine eyes be witness with mine 
 Makes factious feasts; rails on our state of war Bold as an oracle, and sets Thersites, A slave whose gall coins slanders like a mint, To match us in comparisons with dirt, To weaken 
s feast of battle with mine adversary. Most mighty liege, and my companion peers, Take from my mouth the wish of happy years. As gentle and as jocund as to jest Go 
 a single sleepy porter with a lantern. As I passed out through the wicket gate, however, I found my acquaintance of the morning waiting in the shadow upon the other 
 disguise him? MRS. PAGE. Alas the day, I know not! There is no woman's gown big enough for him; otherwise he might put on a hat, a muffler, and a kerchief, and so escape. FALSTAFF. Good hearts, dev
d Holmes, laughing; "it is my business to know things. Perhaps I have trained myself to see what others overlook. If not, why should you come to consult me?" "I came to you, sir, because 
ok, And see them ready against their mother comes. Exeunt, bearing the dead bodies SCENE III. The court of TITUS' house Enter Lucius, MARCUS, and the GOTHS, with AARON prisoner, and 
" "I know nothing of this." Holmes's face was very white and grave. "The story is not over yet, I fear," said he. "You may find worse dangers than the English law, or even than your enemies fro
I retired into it, and it was up to Barker to do the rest. "I guess you can fill in for yourselves what he did. He opened the window and made the mark on the sill to give an idea of how the mu
, my estate is very low, my bond to the Jew is forfeit; and since, in paying it, it is impossible I should live, all debts are clear'd between you and I, if I might but see you at my deat
be taken." "That is all very clear," said Holmes. "Well, Mr. Douglas did not appear. What was he to do next? He left his bicycle and approached the house in the twilight. He found the bridge 
was still upon his trail. "From this starting-point I proceeded to step, having first taken the cardinal points by my pocket-compass. Ten steps with each foot took me along parallel with the
heard her key turn in the lock." "Indeed," said Holmes. "Was it your custom always to lock yourselves in at night?" "Always." "And why?" "I think that I mentioned to you that the doctor ke
e morning-room. The coachman saw him cross the hall and enter it. He was never seen again alive. "The tea which had been ordered was brought up at the end of ten minutes; but the ma
ave escaped. The German master's room and effects gave no further clue. In his case a trailer of ivy had given way under his weight, and we saw by the light of a lantern the mark on the lawn w
it open. "There are no signs here, but the ground is iron hard, and one would not expect them. I see that these candles on the mantelpiece have been lighted." "Yes; it was by their light and th
w such changes of vexation on't As it may lose some color. RODERIGO. Here is her father's house; I'll call aloud. IAGO. Do, with like timorous accent and dire yell As when, by night and ne
rked with the name of 'Hyams,' who was Oldacre's tailor. I then worked the lawn very carefully for signs and traces, but this drought has made everything as hard as iron. Nothing was to be seen save
pper serv'd up, you call'd, my young lady ask'd for, the nurse curs'd in the pantry, and everything in extremity. I must hence to wait. I beseech you follow straight. Wife. We follo
k my tender patience to those thoughts Which honour and allegiance cannot think. KING RICHARD. Think what you will, we seize into our hands His plate, his goods, his money, a
 but trusts a knave That mightily deceives you. BOTH. Do we, my lord? TIMON. Ay, and you hear him cog, see him dissemble, Know his gross patchery, love him, feed him, Keep i
two. To-day is Saturday, and I hope that by Monday we may come to a conclusion." "Well, Watson," said Holmes when our visitor had left us, "what do you make of it all?" "I make nothing of it," I an
r Gregory, to whom the case has been committed, is an extremely competent officer. Were he but gifted with imagination he might rise to great heights in his profession. On his arrival he pro
." Following his lead, we ascended five stories, until we found ourselves outside a half-opened door, at which our client tapped. A voice within bade us enter, and we enter
many in sort, Rising and cawing at the gun's report, Sever themselves and madly sweep the sky, So at his sight away his fellows fly; And at our stamp here, o'er and o'er one falls; He murder cries, a
ht fail him if he took one glance at what he was leaving. She stood at the gate, gazing after him until he vanished from her sight. Then she walked back into the house, the happi
ge, repeal thee home again, Plead a new state in thy unrivall'd merit, To which I thus subscribe: Sir Valentine, Thou art a gentleman, and well deriv'd; Take thou thy Silvia, for thou hast 
ed upon his sudden departure from California, and also his renting a house in so quiet a place in England, as being connected with this peril. He imagined that some secret society, some impl
FIRST SENATOR. But, Othello, speak. Did you by indirect and forced courses Subdue and poison this young maid's affections? Or came it by request, and such fair question As soul to soul afford
 Fran. My lord? Prince. Wilt thou rob this leathern-jerkin, crystal-button, not-pated, agate-ring, puke-stocking, caddis-garter, smooth-tongue, Spanish-pouch- Fran. O Lord, sir, who do you mean? 
 TALBOT, with trump and drum TALBOT. Go to the gates of Bordeaux, trumpeter; Summon their general unto the wall. Trum
 heart is crack'd and burnt, And all the shrouds wherewith my life should sail Are turned to one thread, one little hair; My heart hath 
 path, or rather down the fringe of grass which flanked the path, keeping his eyes riveted upon the grou
 spend more; spend all I have; only give me so much of your time in exchange of it as to lay an amiable siege to the honesty of thi
 spirit. Help me, help me! Kent. Give me thy hand. Who's there? Fool. A spirit, a spirit! He says his name's poor Tom. Kent. What art thou that dost grumb
 the coroner come to?" "He investigated the case with great care, for Dr. Roylott's conduct had long been notorious in the count
 the groom found marks on the bed outside the window, but the weather has been so dry lately that they found it hopeless to follow the trail across the grass. There
 them that it would be better in every way that they should make their position a little clearer both to the general public and to Lord St. Simon in particular. I invited them to meet him 
 would I," said her companion. "You! Well, I don't see that it would make much matter to you, anyhow. You ain't even a friend of ours." The young h
 would think scolding would do little good upon him. She may perhaps call him half a score knaves or so. Why, that's nothing; and he begin once, he'll rail in his
ARDSMAN. This is the man. CLEOPATRA. Avoid, and leave him. Exit GUARDSMAN Hast thou the pretty worm of Nilus there That kills and pains not? CLOW
ELENA. That I am not. COUNTESS. I say I am your mother. HELENA. Pardon, madam. The Count Rousillon cannot be m
MAYOR. Yes, my lord, if it please your Grace. GLOUCESTER. Then send for one presently. MAYOR. Sirrah, go fetch the bead
TONIO. His word is more than the miraculous harp. SEBASTIAN. He hath rais'd the wall, and houses too. ANTONIO. What i
ad the headlines. "By Jove!" he cried. "You don't mean that Baynes has got him?" "Apparently," said I as I read the following report: "Great
diseased man. FALSTAFF. What disease hast thou? BULLCALF. A whoreson cold, sir, a cough, sir, which I caught with ringing in th
ear of sudden death. In iron walls they deem'd me not secure; So great fear of my name 'mongst them was spread That they suppos
ess?" "No. 31 Lyon Place, Camberwell." "Mr. Angel's address you never had, I understand. Where is your father's place of business?" "He travels for Westhouse & Marbank, the great c
fairer death, If grace had bless'd thee with a fairer life. KING RICHARD. You speak as if that I had slain my cousins. QUEEN ELIZABE
greed, I take it, by all voices, that forthwith You be convey'd to th' Tower a prisoner; There to remain till the King's further pleasure Be known unto us. Are you all agreed, lords? ALL
he Duke's condition That he misconstrues all that you have done. The Duke is humorous; what he is, indeed, More suits you to c
he King Is pleas'd you shall to th' Tower, till you know How he determines further. ABERGAVENNY. As the Duke said, The will of heaven be done, and the King's pleasure By me o
ll not live. KING JOHN. Enough! I could be merry now. Hubert, I love thee. Well, I'll not say what I intend for thee. Remember. Madam, fa
may be expected to take place, and many a little problem will be presented which may be striking and bizarre without being criminal. We have already had experience o
now him? GRATIANO. Know him! ay. IAGO. Signior Gratiano? I cry you gentle pardon; These bloody accidents must excuse my manners, That so
perfect man, Not being tried and tutor'd in the world: Experience is by industry achiev'd, And perfected by the swi
should learn the truth. "It was you who told me first that the cottage was occupied. I should have waited for the morning, but I could not sleep for excitement, and so at
t over once again. QUEEN. Ah, barbarous villains! Hath this lovely face Rul'd like a wandering planet over me, And could it not enforce them to relent 
t they knew what they did: I am to do a good turn for them. Let the King have the letters I have sent, and repa
tackle facts, Holmes, without flying away after theories and fancies." "You are right," said Holmes demurely; "you do find it very hard to tackle the facts." "Anyhow, I have gr
u dost pinch thy bearer, thou dost sit Like a rich armour worn in heat of day That scald'st with safety. By his gates of breath There lies a downy feather wh
uld be generally known." "I understand. Now, Mr. Trelawney Hope, I should be much obliged if you would tell me exactly the circumstances under which this document disappeared
with a very smiling face and a great heavy chin which rolled down in fold upon fold over his throat sat at her elbow with a pair of glasses on his nose, looking
y, lady, lady. Exeunt Mercutio, Benvolio. Nurse. Marry, farewell! I Pray you, Sir, what saucy merchant was this that was so full of his ropery? Rom. A gentleman, nurse, that loves to hear h
. POET. [Within.] Nothing but death shall stay me. Enter Poet, followed by Lucilius, Titinius, and Lucius. CASSIUS. How now, what's the matter? POET. Fo
m Tranio; But in all places else your master Lucentio. LUCENTIO. Tranio, let's go. One thing more rests, that thyself execute- To make one among these wooer
t cloud And blow it to the source from whence it came; Thy very beams will dry those vapours up, For every cloud engenders not a storm. GLOUCESTER. The Queen is valued thirty thous
r shadow will I make true love. JULIA. [Aside] If 'twere a substance, you would, sure, deceive it And make it but a shadow, as I am. SILVIA. I am very loath to be your idol, sir; B
, shadow, come, and take this shadow up, For 'tis thy rival. O thou senseless form, Thou shalt be worshipp'd, kiss'd, lov'd, a
n the moor. Stapleton would not let it go unless he had reason to think that Sir Henry would be there." "My difficulty is the more formidable 
y would lay themselves open, and sooner or later I could destroy them. Then it would be time for me to announce that I was still in the land of the living
I. The frontiers of Mantua. The forest Enter OUTLAWS with SILVA FIRST OUTLAW. Come, come. Be patient; we must bring you to our captain. SILVIA. A thousand more mischances than this one Have l
ed. "Your slippers are new," he said. "You could not have had them more than a few weeks. The soles which you are at this moment presen
ne, and every moment is of importance. We have our case, and now we only want our man. "It's a thousand to one against our finding him at the house," 
re. She impressed me neither favourably nor the reverse. She was a nonentity. It was easy to see that she
all come'- thus did he follow it- 'The time will come that foul sin, gathering head, Shall break into corruption' so went on, Foretelling this 
it were pity but they should suffer salvation, body and soul. Dog. Nay, that were a punishment too goo
us Caesar- Caesar, that hath moe kings his servants than Thyself domestic officers- thine enemy. Receive it from me, then: war and confusion In Caesar's name pronounce I
is Paris my husband?' 'The forked one,' quoth he, 'pluck't out and give it him.' But there was such laughing! and Helen so blush'd, and Paris so chaf'd; and all the 
in blood of my sweet boy, And I with tears do wash the blood away. Keep thou the napkin, and go boast of 
ls their thoughts (although their eyes were kind) To thy fair flower add the rank smell of weeds: But why thy odour matcheth not thy show, The soil is this, that th
of this country, and the air on't Revengingly enfeebles me; or could this carl, A very drudge of nature's, have subdu'd me In my profession? Knighth
at which concerns your Grace and us- The crown of England, father, which is yours. YORK. Mine, boy? Not till King Henry be dead. RICHARD. Your right depends not on his life or death. 
at wonder you do hit of mine- Less in your knowledge and your grace you show not Than our earth's wonder-more than earth, divine. Teach me, dear creature, ho
NENIUS. As Hercules Did shake down mellow fruit. You have made fair work! BRUTUS. But is this true, sir? COMINIUS. Ay; and you'll look pale B
unch was kept,--a statement which was confirmed by a great pile of coke upon the jetty. Sherlock Holmes looked slowly round, and his face assumed an ominous expression. "This look
 one the wiser. "Well, when I came to examine the box I found there was no money in it, and nothing but papers that I would not dare to 
 Double, double, toil and trouble; Fire burn and cauldron bubble. SECOND WITCH. Cool it with a baboon's blood, Then the charm is firm and good. Enter Hecate to 
 It will inflame you, it will make you mad. 'Tis good you know not that you are his heirs, For if you should, O, what would come of it! FOURTH CITIZEN. Read the will; we'll hear i
How might we disguise him? MRS. PAGE. Alas the day, I know not! There is no woman's gown big enough for him; otherwise he might put on a hat, a muffler, and
 we shall shock them. Nought shall make us rue, If England to itself do rest but true. Exeunt THE END <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990
 in their childhoods; and there rooted betwixt them then such an affection which cannot choose but branch now. Since their m
ing up my mind to leave the hotel, and to take up my quarters in some less pretentious and less expensive domicile. On the very day that I had come to this conclusion, I was standing at the Criter
ner which corresponds to that which has been so unfortunately lost. Might I beg that you will break it off." The banker recoiled in horror. "I should not dream of trying
You would not inform?" "God forbid!" cried Morris. "Sure, the very thought would cost me my life." "That's well," said McMurdo. "
 it would seem." "Now I come to the critical part of my argument. The natural action of a man in pursuing a little boy would be to run after him. He 
son, here no envy swells, Here grow no damned drugs, here are no storms, No noise, but silence and eternal sleep. In peace and honour rest you her
 on. Hot. I smell it. Upon my life, it will do well. North. Before the game is afoot thou still let'st slip. Hot. Why, it cannot choose but be a noble p
aer. This is too heavy; let me see another. Ham. This likes me well. These foils have all a length? Prepare to play. Osr. Ay, my good lord. King. Set 
ice. Thou rascal beadle, hold thy bloody hand! Why dost thou lash that whore? Strip thine own back. Thou hotl
here only owners and their friends find admittance. "You have only to wash his face and his leg in spirits of wine, and you will find that he is the same old 
d me to go, the only way to work it was for her to arrange to go with me. With that I offered in as many words to marry her, but before she could answer, down came thi
anting of my suit, If that be sin, I'll make it my morn prayer To have it added to the faults of mine, And nothing of your answe
upon that man. BAGOT. My Lord Aumerle, I know your daring tongue Scorns to unsay what once it hath deliver'd. In that dead time when Gloucester's death was plotted I
e it to be supernatural?" "I do not know what to believe." Holmes shrugged his shoulders. "I have hitherto confined my investigations to this world," said he. "In a modest way I have combated 
 but Antony Should conquer Antony; but woe 'tis so! ANTONY. I am dying, Egypt, dying; only I here importune death awhile, until Of many thousand kisses the poor last I lay up
nter CAESAR, MAECENAS, and AGRIPPA ANTONY. If we compose well here, to Parthia. Hark, Ventidius. CAESAR. I do not know, Maecenas. Ask Agrippa. LEPIDUS. Noble friends, That which combin'd us 
 you accuse?" Sherlock Holmes's answer was an astounding one. He stepped swiftly forward and touched the Duke upon the shoulder. "I accuse you," said he. "And now, your Grace
ooms and asked me to accompany him in a cab which was waiting at the door. A Greek friend had come to see him upon business, he said, and as he could speak nothing but his
ut I could never again be a free man. "Next time I came back from sea I heard of her marriage. Well, why shouldn't she marry whom she liked? Title and money--who could carry them 
cure him better assurance than Bardolph. He would not take his band and yours; he liked not the security. FALSTAFF. Let him be damn'd, like the Glutton; pray God his tongue be hotter! A whoreson
not, if I come in his willingly, let him make a carbonado of me. I like not such grinning honour as Sir Walter hath. Give me life; which if I ca
ht'; quoth he 'thus misery doth part The flux of company.' Anon, a careless herd, Full of the pasture, jumps along by him And never stays to greet him. 'Ay,' quoth 
 man was a tenant of mine, and James acted as agent. The fellow was a rascal from the beginning; but in some extraordi
tion which the modern French psychologists have called the 'ide fixe,' which may be trifling in character, and accompanied by complete s
 Who would have hurt little Elsie? I may have threatened her, God forgive me, but I would not have touched a hair of her pretty head. Take it back--y
llus. Mar. What, has this thing appear'd again to-night? Ber. I have seen nothing. Mar. Horatio says 'tis but our fantasy, And will not let belief take hold of him Touching this dre
fields are fragrant, and the woods are green. Uncouple here, and let us make a bay, And wake the Emperor and his lovely bride, And rouse the Prince, and ring a hunter
spered, we traveled, we came back as rich colonials to England, and we bought country estates. For more than twenty years w
ys thou canst with sullen sorrow And pluck nights from me, but not lend a morrow; Thou can'st help time 
e only the woman, who had presumably the more sensitive organism, was killed, the others exhibiting that temporary or permanent lunacy which is evidently the first effect of the drug.
ndows were blocked by old-fashioned shutters with broad iron bars, which were secured every night. The walls were carefully sounded, and wer
Enter TAMORA, and her two sons, DEMETRIUS and CHIRON, disguised TAMORA. Thus, in this strange and sad habiliment, I will encounter with Andronicus, And
 thou damn'd, Hubert. HUBERT. Do but hear me, sir. BASTARD. Ha! I'll tell thee what: Thou'rt damn'd as black-
. How dost thou pity him whom thou dost trouble? I had rather be alone. ALCIBIADES. Why, fare thee well; Here is some gold for thee. TIMON. Keep it: I ca
, and he is not a troublesome lodger, though he is certainly an unusual one. He pays you well, and if he chooses to lie concealed it is no direct business of
, nor honesty in this bosom of thine. It is all fill'd up with guts and midriff. Charge an honest woman with picking thy pocket? Why, thou whoreso
s are oaths but to misuse thee: And all my honest faith in thee is lost. For I have sworn deep oaths of th
d one of them in, and pulled out a dozen of brown sherry. We cracked off the necks of the bottles, poured the stuff out into tumblers, and w
en to poetry; and what they swear in poetry may be said as lovers they do feign. AUDREY. Do you wish, then, that the gods had made me poetical? TOUCHSTONE. I do, truly, for thou sw
ere I shall have my music for nothing. CALIBAN. When Prospero is destroy'd. STEPHANO. That shall be by and by; I remember the story. TRINCULO. The sound is going away; let's follow it, and after do
ts in their bellies no bigger than pins' heads, and they have bought out their services; and now my whole charge consists of ancients, corporals, li
ly of their steeds, That stain'd their fetlocks in his smoking blood, The noble gentleman gave up the ghost. WARWICK. Then let th
ed if there was a cabby there called Jefferson Hope, and said that his cab was wanted by a gentleman at 221b, Baker Street. I went round, suspecting no harm, and the next thing I k
g men which had already twice appeared, and which I have copied on that paper. There was no other sign of t
nd of your throats I'd not have given a doit. Hark, how they joy! [Sound still with the shouts] SICINIUS. First, the gods bless you for your tidings; next,
ve uncuckolded. Therefore, dear Isis, keep decorum, and fortune him accordingly! CHARMIAN. Amen. ALEXAS. Lo now, if it lay in their hands to make me a cuckold, they would make themselves
s life hath sunk; for every scruple Of her contaminated carrion weight A Troyan hath been slain; since she could speak, She hath not given so many good words br
, than they are in losing them when they have approved their virtues. CAMILLO. Sir, it is three days since I saw the Prince. What his happier affairs may be are to me unknown; but I
appeared to be strongly attracted by her, and I am much mistaken if the feeling was not mutual. He referred to her again and again on
ATIANO Come, you and I will thither presently; And in the morning early will we both Fly toward Belmont. Come, Antonio. Exeunt SCENE II. Ve
pping. There he is!" There was a violent peal at the bell, and in a few seconds the fair-haired detec
ed it, and the light of the lantern gleamed upon a collection of gems such as I have read of and thought about when I 
. They first congee unto her, then dance; and, at certain changes, the first two hold a spare garland over her head, at which the other four make reverent curtsies. Then the two that held the 
ge now of my attainments. I painted my face, and to make myself as pitiable as possible I made a good scar and fixed one side of my lip in a twist by the aid of a small slip of flesh-colo
ccount of them and of their appearance was in the papers, and would naturally occur to anyone who wished to invent a story in which imaginary robb
had my pocket pick'd. This house is turn'd bawdy house; they pick pockets. Prince. What didst thou lose, Jack? Fal. Wilt thou believe me, Hal? Three or four bonds of forty
 Come, shadow, come, and take this shadow up, For 'tis thy rival. O thou senseless form, Thou shalt be worshipp'd, kiss'd, lov'd, and ador'd! And were there sense in h
appear to be without knowing of it. I hold it, therefore, to be certain that he does know who these men are, and that for reasons of his own he suppresses it. It is just possible that to-morr
oor on which we were and from the one beneath. My guide stopped and looked about her like one who is at her wit's end. Then she threw open a door which led into a bedroom, through the wi
e world this ass! A woman that Bears all down with her brain; and this her son Cannot take two from twenty, for his heart, And leave eighteen.
robable. He came expecting to find the door open. He tried to get in with the blade of a very small penknife. He could not manage it. What would he do?" "Come again nex
d hurled him back into his prison, and after reproaching Melas with his treachery, which appeared from the newspaper advertisement, they had stunned him with a blow from a stick, an
row a figure in her face, and so disfigure her with it that she shall have no more eyes to see withal than a cat. You know him not, 
scovering the reason of these attempts upon their lives, and led repeated expeditions into the mountains in the hope of capturing or killing their enemy, but
windows were blocked by old-fashioned shutters with broad iron bars, which were secured every night. The walls were carefully sounded, and were shown t
s fears, And madly play with my forefathers' joints, And pluck the mangled Tybalt from his shroud., And, in this r
ourning Rome, a dangerous Rome, No Rome of safety for Octavius yet; Hie hence, and tell him so. Yet stay awhile, Thou shalt not back til
at thou desirest to eat. BOTTOM. Truly, a peck of provender; I could munch your good dry oats. Methinks I have a great desire to a bottle of
end him forth that we may bear him hence. Therefore, most gracious Duke, with thy command Let him be brought forth and borne henc
ou said it was final; and so it was, in a very different sense. I knew it had not been there the day before. I pay a good deal of attention to matters of detail, as y
ung Are of the adder. Which of them shall I take? Both? one? or neither? Neither can be enjoy'd, If both remain aliv
To make the fox surveyor of the fold? Who being accus'd a crafty murderer, His guilt should be but idly posted over, Because his purpose is not executed. No
 tricky thing," answered Holmes thoughtfully. "It may seem to point very straight to one thing, but if you shift your own point of view a little, you may find it poi
me day, which he regarded as the end of all his efforts, that he dared do it. This paste in the tin is no doubt the luminous mixture with which the creature was daubed. It was sugges
e sight which met their eyes. On the little plateau which crowned the barren hill there stood a single giant bould
mstrong would have to drive through the Cam before he would shake Pompey off his trail. Oh, the cunning rascal! This is how he gave m
tood there in getting out." "You mean that someone waded across the moat?" "Exactly!" "Then if you were in the room within half a minute of the crime, he must have been in the
s re-lit, and there was our wretched captive shivering and cowering in the grasp of the detective. He sank down upon the sea-chest, and looked helplessly
e going? Glou. He calls to horse, but will I know not whither. Corn. 'Tis best to give him way; he leads himself. Gon. My lord, entreat him by no means to stay. Glou. Alack, the night com
efuse to answer; but you must be aware that your refusal is in itself an answer, for you would not refuse if you had not something to conceal." Barker st
Our love being yours, the error that love makes Is likewise yours. We to ourselves prove false, By being once false for ever to be true To those that make us both- fair ladies, you; And
ter, you can't expect me, as Bodymaster, to pass into the lodge a man for whose past he can't answer." McMurdo looked puzzled. Then he took a worn
orizon I could not but marvel at what could have brought this highly educated man and this beautiful woman to li
il'd, By cruel cruel thee quite overthrown! O love! O life! not life, but love in death Cap. Despis'd, distressed, hated, martyr'd, kill'd! Uncomfortable time
adst not done't! though valour Becomes thee well enough. ARVIRAGUS. Would I had done't, So the revenge alone pursu'd me! Polydore, I love thee 
one. Was there any clue, may I ask, as to the exact hour that the man met his death?" "He had been there since one o'cloc
reply. I think the whole case fits together uncommonly well. What amuses me is to think of Lestrade, who had started off upon the wrong scent. I am afraid he won't make 
erve, We would spend it in some words upon that business, If you would grant the time. BANQUO. At your kind'st leisure. MACBETH
pting of your patience, but am bold'ned Under your promis'd pardon. The subjects' grief Comes through commissions, which compels from each The sixth part of his substance, t
lexander; this gallant gentleman, Judas Maccabaeus; this swain, because of his great limb or joint, shall 
rt behind, and cowards living To die with length'ned shame. LORD. Where was this lane? POSTHUMUS. Close by the battle, ditch'd, and wall'd with turf, Which gave advantage to an anc
able entered the house, Arthur, who had stood sullenly with his arms folded, asked me whether it was my intention to charge him with theft. I answered th
a surfeit of the sweetest things The deepest loathing to the stomach brings, Or as the heresies that men do leave Are hated most of those they did deceiv
y's face. Hold, Rosaline, this favour thou shalt wear, And then the King will court thee for his dear; Hold, take thou this, my sweet, and gi
lthasar]. Samp. My naked weapon is out. Quarrel! I will back thee. Greg. How? turn thy back and run? Samp. Fear me 
he office after me. "This went on day after day, Mr. Holmes, and on Saturday the manager came in and planked down four golden sovereigns for
had risen before him the night before. "Do you reckon he knows much?" he asked anxiously. McMurdo shook his head gloomily. "He's been here some time--six weeks at the least. I guess he didn't come in
the whole case is in your hands now--so far as it has been set forth in the public press." "And an exceedingly interesting case it appears to be. I would not have missed it for worlds. But 
w? What a maidenly man-at-arms are you become! Is't such a matter to get a pottle-pot's maidenhead? PAGE. 'A calls me e'en now, my lord, through a red lattice, and I could discern no par
 you then reported him to be? DUKE. You must, sir, change persons with me ere you make that my report; you, indeed, spoke so of him; and much more, much worse. LUCIO. O thou damnable fellow! Did no
ated. But shall we wear these glories for a day; Or shall they last, and we rejoice in them? BUCKINGHAM. Still live they, and for ever let them last! KING RICHARD. Ah, B
tter. Ha! there has been an enclosure here!" "Yes, there was a ring. His signet-ring." "And you are sure that this is your husband's hand?" "One of his hands." "One?" "His hand when he wrote hurriedl
each dust, each straw, each little rub, Out of the path which shall directly lead Thy foot to England's throne. And therefore mark: John hath seiz'd Arthur; and it cannot
his bottle from the corner of the mantelpiece and his hypodermic syringe from its neat morocco case. With his long, white, nervous finge
lly visited him and occasionally even persuaded him to forgo his Bohemian habits so far as to come and visit us. My practice had steadily 
 that under the circumstances we may enter without an invitation." One after the other we made our way into a large apartment, which was evidently that in which Mr. Melas had found hi
on with the Duke? PAROLLES. The Duke knows him for no other but a poor officer of mine; and writ to me this other day to turn him out o' th' band. I think I have his letter in my pocket. FIRST SOLD
ef. Take me this work out. BIANCA. O Cassio, whence came this? This is some token from a newer friend. To the felt absence now I feel
f him that doth fade But doth suffer a sea-change Into something rich and strange. Sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell: [Burden: Ding-d
t it had turned down one of several side roads which I had observed. I rode back, but again saw nothing of the carriage, and now, as you perceive, it has returned after me. Of c
roprietary form (including any form resulting from word processing or hypertext software), so long as *EITHER*: (1) The ete
 it. Enter Lear. Lear. What, fifty of my followers at a clap? Within a fortnight? Alb. What's the matter, sir? Lear. I'll tell thee. [To Goneril] Life and
own family circle. But then, as I used to say to mother, a woman wants her own circle to begin with, and I had not got mine yet." "But
s, and one hundred and seventy rubies, some of which, however, were small. There were forty carbuncles, two hundre
at is your intent? PRINCESS OF FRANCE. The effect of my intent is to cross theirs. They do it but in mocking merriment, And mock for mo
a sheet of paper stuck in the cleft fork of it. The inscription upon the paper was brief, but to the point: JOHN F
dazzled my reason's light; But when I look on her perfections, There is no reason but I shall be blind. If I can check my erring love, I will; If not, to compass her I'll use my skill. Exit SCENE V.
: Men shut their doors against a setting sun. The LORDS rise from table, with much adoring of TIMON; and to show their loves, each single out an
 Where are these porters, These lazy knaves? Y'have made a fine hand, fellows. There's a trim rabble let in: are all these Your faithful friends o' th' suburbs? We shall
lown, lads. This morning, like the spirit of a youth That means to be of note, begins betimes. So, so. Come, give me that. This way. Well said. Fare thee well, dame, wha
orgiveness; then embraces his son-in-law; then again worries he his daughter with clipping her. Now he thanks the old shepherd, which stan
se who were with him. Our only chance of safety lay in making a clean job of it, said he, and he would not leave a tongue with power to wag in a witness-box. 
hat both the pen and the ink have given the writer trouble. The pen has spluttered twice in a single word, and ha
IERS SECOND LORD. You have not given him his mother's letter? FIRST LORD. I have deliv'red it an hour since. There is s
, Thou dost deserve enough, and yet enough May not extend so far as to the lady; And yet to be afeard of my deserving Were but a weak disabling of myself. As
 stuffs all the coins upon which he can lay his hands into the pockets to make sure of the coat's sinking. He t
. All I had to do then was to do as much for Stangerson, and so pay off John Ferrier's debt. I knew that he was staying at Halliday's Private Hotel, and I hung
 witnesses; which the Duke desir'd To have brought, viva voce, to his face; At which appear'd against him his surveyor, Sir Gilbert Peck his chancellor, and John Car, Confessor to him, with
er own life would not be safe. Eventually, as we know, she adopted the expedient of cutting out the words which would form the message, 
 knows what. They are up already and call for eggs and butter. They will away presently. Gads. Sirrah, if they meet not with Saint Nicholas' clerks, I'll give thee this neck.
ou can, pace your wisdom In that good path that I would wish it go, And you shall have your bosom on this wretch, Grace of the Duke, revenges to your heart, And general honour. I
more than they can commend. FIRST LORD. They cannot be too sweet for the King's tartness. Here's his lordship now. Enter BERTRAM How now, my lord, is
 meet him now and be it in the morn, When every one will give the time of day, He knits his brow and shows an angry eye And passeth by with stiff unbowed
, where? Art thou come? Why, my cheese, my digestion, why hast thou not served thyself in to my table so many meals? Come, what's Agamem
 night, sir. CAESAR. Good night. Exeunt CAESAR and OCTAVIA Enter SOOTHSAYER ANTONY. Now, sirrah, you do wish yours
d do for us. I was already asleep when I was partly awakened by his entrance. "Well, Holmes," I murmured, "have you found anything out?" He stood beside me in 
s ATTENDANTS KING. The Florentines and Senoys are by th' ears; Have fought with equal fortune, and continue A braving war. FIRST LORD. So 'tis reported, sir. KING. Nay, 't
is it now To Lammastide? Wife. A fortnight and odd days. Nurse. Even or odd, of all days in the year, Come Lammas Eve at night shall she be fourt
l show you a chamber and a bed; which bed, because it shall not speak of your pretty encounters, press it to death. Away! And Cupid grant all tongue-tied maidens here, Bed, chambe
ur rent, and he is not a troublesome lodger, though he is certainly an unusual one. He pays you well, and if he chooses to lie concealed it is no direct business of yours. We have no excus
ious of some power behind the malefactor, some deep organizing power which forever stands in the way of the law, and throws its shield ov
e have found the motive of their actions, and that has cleared up the situation very much. But the moor with 
ept out from the weighting enclosure and cantered past us, bearing on its back the well-known black a
mine ears to their demands, Nor posted off their suits with slow delays; My pity hath been balm to heal their woun
f service on their lords Do well thrive by them; and when they have lined their coats Do themselves homage. These fellows have some soul, And suc
 seas: so it was a terribly difficult job to get away. "The surgeon, Dr. Somerton, was a fast, sporting young chap, and the other
l fool, must you be blushing? Wherefore blush you now? What a maidenly man-at-arms are you become! Is't such a matter to get a pottle-pot's
an! I assure you that after a few months' training he was an admirable assistant. What do you think of the matter, Mr. Holmes?" "I have not yet made up my mind." "I shall indeed b
 hard? Whence come you? What's your will Nurse. [within] Let me come in, and you shall know my errand. I come from Lady Julie
in time to be of any use in case of an actual attack. "Well, I was pretty proud at having this small command given me, since I was a raw recruit, and a game-
u do but lose your labour. Away with him to death! [To LUCIO] Now, sir, to you. MARIANA. O my good lord! Sweet Isabel, take my part; Lend me your knees, and all my life to
s Ilium, Seeming to feel this blow, with flaming top Stoops to his base, and with a hideous crash Takes prisoner Pyrrhus' ear. For lo! hi
n object. Can this cockpit hold The vasty fields of France? Or may we cram Within this wooden O the very casques That did affright the air at Agincourt? O, pardon! since a crooked figure may A
thee heir, and his high sceptre yields To the possession of thy royal hand. Ascend his throne, descending now from him- And long live Henry, fourth of that name! BO
 leaving us on the lawn, he went indoors. An hour later, when we entered the house, we found him stretched dead drunk upon the dining-room sofa. The whole incident left a most ugly impress
ABLE. Ev'n as your horse bears your praises, who would trot as well were some of your brags dismounted. DAUPHIN. Would I were able to 
grimage, That the streching of a span Buckles in his sum of age; Some, of violated vows 'Twixt the souls of friend and friend; But upon the fairest boughs, Or at every sentence end, Will I Rosal
go thank him, and encourage him; My father's rough and envious disposition Sticks me at heart. Sir, you hav
my throat and drink in Illyria. He's a coward and a coystrill that will not drink to my niece till his brains turn o' th' toe like a parish-top. Wha
the secret of her continued silence? Could the good people who were her companions not screen her from his violence or his bla
ng at us with the dazed look of one who comes from the dark into the light. It was a remarkable face, bold gray eyes, a st
t yet grasped the results which the reason alone can attain to. Problems may be solved in the study which have baffled all those who hav
ng! But, hold thee, take this garland on thy brow; Thy Brutus bid me give it thee, and I Will do his bidding. Brutus, come apace, And see how I regarded Caius Cassius. By your leave, gods, this 
hair in a way which gave an indescribably impression of deformity; but the face which he turned towards us, t
e was not one whose brain was so ready to devise a bloodthirsty scheme, or whose hand would be more capable of carrying it out. "He'll be the boy for the clean job," said
shed the shop window behind him. Peterson had rushed forward to protect the stranger from his assailants; but the man, shocked at having broken the window, and 
r I shall give thee thy deserving And blemish Caesar's triumph. Let him take thee And hoist thee up to the shouting plebeians; Follow his chariot, like the greatest spot 
-he pushed open the door--"and that, I presume, is the dressing-room in which he sat smoking when the alarm was given. W
ered before she had done so. She had gone to bed at half-past ten. Her room was at the other end of the house, and she could hear nothing of what passed. Mr. McFarlane had left his
EMAN. Yes; 'tis the list Of those that claim their offices this day, By custom of the coronation. The Duke of Suffolk is the first, and claims To b
protruding out of his pocket, you can always draw him by a bet," said he. "I daresay that if I had put 100 down in front of him, that man wou
rein obscurely Caesar's ambition shall be glanced at. And after this let Caesar seat him sure; For we will shake him, or worse days endure. Exit. SCENE III. A stree
e devil? Mess. He is most in the company of the right noble Claudio. Beat. O Lord, he will hang upon him like a disease! He is sooner caught than the pesti
s my happiness and thine; Without her, follows to myself and thee, Herself, the land, and many a Christian soul, Death, desolation, ruin, and decay. It cannot b
ath an unknown bottom, like the Bay of Portugal. CELIA. Or rather, bottomless; that as fast as you pour affection in, it
senger, Should have him thus restrain'd. Corn. I'll answer that. Reg. My sister may receive it much more worse, To have her gentleman abus'd, assaulted, F
f mine eye! By heaven, thy madness shall be paid by weight Till our scale turn the beam. O rose of May! Dear maid, kind sister, sweet Ophelia! O heavens! is't possible a young mai
 reach them in their own devices, A pair of cursed hell-hounds and their dam. DEMETRIUS. Madam, depart at pleasure; leave us here. TAMORA. Farewell, Andronicus, Reveng
cquainted with their wards Many a bounteous year must be employ'd Now to guard sure their master. And this is all a
 cannot advantage him, Your slander never can endamage him; Therefore the office is indifferent, Being entreated to it by your friend. PROTEUS. You have prevail'd, my lo
tention of taking it out again in a day or two, and carrying it to the French embassy, or wherever he thought that a long price was to be had. Then came your sudden return. H
Let me not hear you speak of Mortimer. Send me your prisoners with the speediest means, Or you shall hear in su
 gentle, not humble. BOYET. A light for Monsieur Judas! It grows dark, he may stumble. [HOLOFERNES retires] PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Alas, poor Maccabaeus, how hath he been baited! Enter ARMADO, for 
ence, ain't it? Well, his death came in uncommon handy for you, or they would have had you for shoving the queer. Well, we can let that be bygones
ly." "Now, what could Jonathan Small do? He could only continue to keep a secret watch upon the efforts made to find the treasure. Possibly he leaves England and 
 a clatter upon the stairs, the bang of a door, and the crisp rattle of running footfalls from the street. "After all, Watson," said Holmes, reaching up his hand for his clay pipe, "I am not retaine
ousand friends; then, in a moment, see How soon this mightiness meets misery. And if you can be merry then, I'll say A man may weep upon his wedding-day. <<THIS ELECT
 double-dealing, sir, I would you could make it another. DUKE. O, you give me ill counsel. CLOWN. Put your grace in your pocket, sir, for this onc
onduct speedily. Glendower speaks to her in Welsh, and she answers him in the same. Glend. She is desperate here. A peevish self-will'd harlotry, One that
amber, his house, his castle, his standing-bed and truckle-bed; 'tis painted about with the story of the
pposite, And will not temporize with my entreaties; He flatly says he'll not lay down his arms. BASTARD. By all the blood that ever fury breath'd, The youth says
emaciated victim, and dragged him away through the other door. For a moment I was left alone in the room, and I sprang to my feet with some 
ness to sit down upon one of those boxes, and not to interfere?" The solemn Mr. Merryweather perched himself upon a crate, with a very injured expression upon his face, while Holmes fell 
nd what strength I have's mine own, Which is most faint. Now 'tis true, I must be here confin'd by you, Or sent to Naples. Let me not, Since I have my dukedom got, And pardo
s is not Brutus, friend, but, I assure you, A prize no less in worth. Keep this man safe, Give him all kindness; I had rather have Such men my friends than enemies. Go on, An
lack of the sun; that he that hath learned no wit by nature nor art may complain of good breeding, or comes of a very dull kindred. TOUCHSTONE. Such a one
, with hearts in their bellies no bigger than pins' heads, and they have bought out their services; and now my whole charge consists of ancients, corporals, lieutenants, gentlemen of
hich they spread their rule of fear over the great and rich district which was for so long a period haunted by their terrible presence. Why should these pages be stained by fur
he station. That was this morning. You can think that I looked out when I came to Charlington Heath, and there, sure enough, was the ma
s were to be read upon the trampled grass. He ran round, like a dog who is picking up a scent, and then turned upon my companion. "What did you go into the pool for?" he asked. "I fished about with a
d the slipper upon the blood mark on the sill. It exactly corresponded. He smiled in silence at his colleagues. The inspector was tr
: If what in rest you have in right you hold, Why then your fears-which, as they say, attend The steps of wrong-should move you to mew up Your tender 
hat is your will? Bene. Do not you love me? Beat. Why, no; no more than reason. Bene. Why, then your uncle, and the Princ
 mind herein, You shall not only take the sacrament To bury mine intents, but also to effect Whatever I shall happen to devise. I see your brows are full of disco
erstand you then; speak it in Welsh. Glend. I can speak English, lord, as well as you; For I was train'd up in th
honor, so called, which I had to pay, and I used money which was not my own to do it, in the certainty that I could replace it before the
interest, and one which presented immense opportunities to the scientific expert. That gravel page upon which I might have read so much has been long ere this smudged by the rain and def
from head to foot. Ham. Then saw you not his face? Hor. O, yes, my lord! He wore his beaver up. Ham. What, look'd he frowningly. Hor. A countenance more in sorrow than
rolling skill, And simple truth miscalled simplicity, And captive good attending captain ill. Tired with all these, from these would I be gone, Save tha
missa Herald" were printed in gold lettering between the brightly lit windows. From within came the clanking of the printing press. "Here, you," said Baldwin to Mc
 McMurdo disengaged her hands, kissed her, and gently pushed her back into a chair. "There, acushla, there! Don't be
 been the one event of importance in town, and the account of it ran in this way: "A desperate attempt at robbery, culminating in t
iests and servants from your sides, Pluck stout men's pillows from below their heads- This yellow slav
INE. I knew him as myself; for from our infancy We have convers'd and spent our hours together; And though myself have been an idle truant, Omitting the sweet benefit of time To
 to God above I'll never pause again, never stand still, Till either death hath clos'd these eyes of mine Or fortune given me measure of revenge. EDWARD. O War
 did that one; and that, in my regard, Of the unworthiest siege. Laer. What part is that, my lord? King. A very riband 
r from the station, and was admitted by my faithful Lal Chowdar, who is now dead. Morstan and I had a difference of opinion as to the division of the treasure, and we came to heated words. 
hem, If I say fine, cry 'Fine!'- if death, cry 'Death!' Insisting on the old prerogative And power i' th' truth o' th' cause. AEDILE. I shall inform them. BRUTUS. And when such time they ha
ue? it is nor hand, nor foot, Nor arm, nor face, nor any other part Belonging to a man. O, be some other name! Wha
 all.' The triplex, sir, is a good tripping measure; or the bells of Saint Bennet, sir, may put you in mind- one, two, three. DUKE. Y
an that ever nature had praise for creating. If she had partaken of my flesh, and cost me the dearest groans of a mother. I could not have owed her a more rooted love. LAFEU. 'Twas a goo
ll seem expedient on the now-born brief, And be perform'd to-night. The solemn feast Shall more attend upon the coming spa
iumph-day. YORK. Bound to himself! What doth he with a bond That he is bound to? Wife, thou art a fool. Boy, let me see the writing. AUMERLE. I do beseech you, par
e give And found it in thy cheek: he can afford No praise to thee, but what in thee doth live. Then thank him not for that which he doth say, Since what he owes thee, thou thy self dost
This is not Brutus, friend, but, I assure you, A prize no less in worth. Keep this man safe, Give him all kindness; I had rather have Such men my friends than enemies. Go on, And see wheer Brutu
ak English, will be rewarded. A similar reward paid to any one giving information about a Greek lady whose first name is Sophy. X 247
advance information which has been of value--that highest value which anticipates and prevents rather than avenges crime. I cannot doubt that, if we had the cip
ced and taken. That would be the most effective of all proofs. But if not--well, the resources of science are far from being exhausted. I think that an evening alone in that study would help me 
es, these men, they would lay themselves open, and sooner or later I could destroy them. Then it would be time for me to announce that I was still in the land of the living. So rapidly does the b
 mirror. Suddenly, as the landlady's footsteps died away, there was the creak of a turning key, the handle revolved, and two thin hands darted 
ESTER. Go you before, and I will follow you. Exit HASTINGS He cannot live, I hope, and must not die Til
is night to Messina. Mess. He is very near by this. He was not three leagues off when I left him. Leon. How many gentlemen have you lost in this action? Mess. But few of any so
ase, And misbegotten blood I spill of thine, Mean and right poor, for that pure blood of mine Which thou didst force from Talbot, my brave boy.' Her
l'd the war; but one of these- As he hath spices of them all- not all, For I dare so far free him- made him fear'd, So hated, and so banish'd. But he has a merit To choke it in the utt'rance. So o
from a stately cedar shall be lopp'd branches which, being dead many years, shall after revive, be jointed to the old stock, and freshly grow; then shall Posthumus end his mi
e soldiers over with their muskets in their hands, and it was another to stand by while men were being killed in cold blood. Eight of us, f
ve you not been acquainted with goldsmiths' wives, and conn'd them out of rings? ORLANDO. Not so; but I answer you right painted cloth, from whence you have studied your questio
 am come to know your pleasure. ANGELO. That you might know it would much better please me Than to demand what 'tis. Your brot
me music. Enter third DRAWER THIRD DRAWER. Dispatch! The room where they supp'd is too hot; they'll come in straight. FRANCIS. Sirrah, here will be the Prince and Master Po
s soldiers confident. With him along is come the mother-queen, An Ate, stirring him to blood and strife; With her the Lady Blanch of Spain; With them
ness which was one of his characteristics, that his chin should be as smooth and his linen as perfect as if he were in Baker Street. "I never was more glad to see anyone in my life," said I, as 
nry, your uncle had a letter that morning. He had usually a great many letters, for he was a public man and well known for his kind heart, so that everyone who was in trouble was glad to tu
 So much for praising myself, who, I myself will bear witness, is praiseworthy. And now tell me, how doth your cousin? Beat. Ver
shall be flay'd alive; then 'nointed over with honey, set on the head of a wasp's nest; then stand till he be three quarters and a dram dead; then recover'd again with aqua-vitae or so
ll get as much as he deserves.' And well said too; for who shall go about To cozen fortune, and be honourable Without the stamp of merit? Let none presume To wear an undeserved 
Sunday comes apace; We will have rings and things, and fine array; And kiss me, Kate; we will be married a Sunday. Exeunt PETRUCHIO and KATHERINA severally GREMIO. Was ever mat
r? ELBOW. If it please your honour, I am the poor Duke's constable, and my name is Elbow; I do lean upon justice, sir, and do bring in here before your good honour two notorio
ugs fit, and time agreeing; Confederate season, else no creature seeing; Thou mixture rank, of midnight weeds collected, With Hecate's ban thrice blast
ill All repetition. Let him not ask our pardon; The nature of his great offence is dead, And deeper than oblivion do we bury Th' incensing relics of it; let him approach, A stranger, no offende
hich I have the honour to bear"--he gave a little stately cough--"had not I thought her to be at bottom a noble woman. I believe t
vered me upon the moor I had a complete knowledge of the whole business, but I had not a case which could go to a jury. Even Stapleton's at
iately whistling for a hansom, in which I heard him drive away. In the morning I obeyed Holmes's injunctions to the letter. A hansom was procured with such precaution as would prevent its 
s line, is not this my jerkin? Now is the jerkin under the line; now, jerkin, you are like to lose your hair, and prove a bald jerkin. TRINCULO. Do, do. We steal by line and lev
use myself I hate you; which I had rather You felt than make't my boast. CLOTEN. You sin against Obedience, which you owe your father. For The contract you pretend with that ba
Where is this daughter? Kent. With the Earl, sir, here within. Lear. Follow me not; Stay here. Exit. Gent. Made you no more offence but what you speak of? Kent.
 heighten'd, He watered his new plants with dews of flattery, Seducing so my friends; and to this end He bow'd his n
enough about the little that I know. It is time that you kept your promise and gave me a full account of what we are all driving at." "Your request is a very reasonable one," Holmes an
vers reasons Which I shall send you written, be assur'd Will easily be granted. [To Northumberland] You, my lord, Your son in Scotland being thus employ'd, Shall secretly into t
match with Henry, being a king, But Margaret, that is daughter to a king? Her peerless feature, joined with her birth, Approves her fit for none but for a king; Her valiant 
 him when you saw him?" asked Holmes. The Colonel was very angry. "I have been on the turf for twenty years, and never was asked such a question as that before," said he. "A child wou
im. "Well, young man, I can't call your face to mind." "I'm new here, Mr. McGinty." "You are not so new that you can't give a gentleman his proper title
. Nurse. Go, girl, seek happy nights to happy days. Exeunt. Scene IV. A street. Enter Romeo, Mercutio, Benvolio, with five or six other Maskers; Torchbearers. Rom. What, shall this spee
 a fool. Drunkenness is his best virtue, for he will be swine-drunk; and in his sleep he does little harm, save to his bedclothes about 
ands. AUTOLYCUS. I will prove so, sir, to my power. CLOWN. Ay, by any means, prove a tall fellow. If I do not wonder how thou dar'st venture to be drunk not bei
e, a true gentleman may swear it in the behalf of his friend. And I'll swear to the Prince thou art a tall
y liege, The day that she was missing he was here. I dare be bound he's true and shall perform All parts of his subjection loyally. For Cloten, There wants no diligence in 
not pocket up wrong. Art thou not ashamed? Fal. Dost thou hear, Hal? Thou knowest in the state of innocency Adam fell; and what s
n; the more fool I; when I was at home I was in a better place; but travellers must be content. Enter CORIN and SILVIUS R
rth of England Enter two KEEPERS, with cross-bows in their hands FIRST KEEPER. Under this thick-grown brake we'll shroud ourselves, For through this laund anon 
rd, Pawn me to this your honour, she is his. TIMON. My hand to thee; mine honour on my promise. LUCILIUS. Humbly I th
n talking. Holmes ascended the stair first, and as he opened the door of our room he gave a start of surprise. Looking over his shoulder, I was
Would turn their own perfection to abuse To seem like him: so that in speech, in gait, In diet, in affections of delight, In military rules, humours of blood, He was the mark and glass, copy
outside Aldgate Station on the Underground system in London." "When?" "The body was found at six on Tuesday morning. It was lying wide of the metals upon the left hand of
rove that?" he asked. "Prove it! Are there not fifty murders to prove it? Vat about Milman and Van Shorst, and the Nicholson f
p flight of steps leading down to a black gap like the mouth of a cave, I found the den of which I was in search. Ordering my cab to wait, I passed down the steps, worn hollow in the c
 tell'st me, when I say I love her; But, saying thus, instead of oil and balm, Thou lay'st in every gash that love hath given me The knife that made it. PANDARUS
itt, but I should be very much obliged if you would kindly go over it all again for the benefit of my friend, Dr. Watson." "I'm not much of a story-teller," said our visi
 is it time to arm. Come, shall we about it? ORLEANS. It is now two o'clock; but let me see- by ten We shall have 
UES. Well then, if ever I thank any man, I'll thank you; but that they call compliment is like th' encounter of two dog-apes; and when a man thanks me heartily, methinks have given him a pen
leton on the night before that his visit would terminate next day. It had not crossed my mind, however, that he would wish me to go with him, nor could I underst
 did divide The action of their bodies from their souls; And they did fight with queasiness, constrain'd, As men drink potions; that their weapons only 
S. Thou hast astonish'd me with thy high terms. Only this proof I'll of thy valour make In single combat thou shalt buckle with me
 by Jupiter he swears. 'Tis true- nay, keep the ring, 'tis true. I am sure She would not lose it. Her a
re the humble weed; How in his suit he scorn'd you; but your loves, Thinking upon his services, took from you Th' apprehension of his present portance, Which, most gibingly, ungravely, he did fa
o me. You are abus'd Beyond the mark of thought, and the high gods, To do you justice, make their ministers Of us and those that love you. Best of comfort,
epos'd his nephew Richard, Edward's son, The first-begotten and the lawful heir Of Edward king, the third of that descent; During whose reign the Percies of the north, Finding his usurpa
 is a tortur'd body. FIRST LORD. Farewell, Captain. SECOND LORD. Sweet Monsieur Parolles! PAROLLES. Noble heroes, my sword and yours are kin. Good 
March Hath lately married. Shall our coffers, then, Be emptied to redeem a traitor home? Shall we buy treason? and indent with fears Whe
darkness, to know that the hound was on his trail?" "He heard him." "To hear a hound upon the moor would not work a hard man
n in the tented field, And little of this great world can I speak, More than pertains to feats of broil and battle; And therefore little
] O, good my lord, I would speak a word with you! OTHELLO. Yes, 'tis Emilia. By and by. She's dead. 'Tis like she comes to speak of Cassio's death. The noise was here. Ha! n
ising cloud of dust and by the steam from the struggling creatures, she might have abandoned her efforts in despair, but
that knows I am a maid And would not force the letter to my view! Since maids, in modesty, say 'No' to that Which they would have the profferer construe 'Ay.' Fie, fie, how wayward is this foolish l
ively, from blood to blood, Your right of birth, your empery, your own. For this, consorted with the citizens, Your very worshipful and loving frie
t they should have no servant. So far and no further went the doctor. Finally we found our way to Scotland Yard. There had been difficulties of procedure in regard to the warrant. Some delay
han a heart untainted? Thrice is he arm'd that hath his quarrel just; And he but naked, though lock'd up in steel, Whose conscience with injustice is corrupted. [A noise within] QUEE
er to do so. He intended to make a bargain with me--to restore Arthur if I would break the entail, and so make it possible for the estate to be left to him by
ucius ere the stroke Of yet this scarce-cold battle, at this instant Is full accomplish'd; for the Roman eagle, From south to west on wing soaring aloft, Lessen'd herself and in the beams o'
erefore I'll hide me. Exit. Prince. Call in the sheriff. [Exeunt Manent the Prince and Peto.] Enter Sheriff and the Carrier. Now, M
 won, An if I fly, I am not Talbot's son; Then talk no more of flight, it is no boot; If son to Talbot,
 promis'd largeness; checks and disasters Grow in the veins of actions highest rear'd, As knots, by the conflux of meeting sap, Infects the sound pine, and diverts hi
velveteen uniform. When any of these nondescript individuals put in an appearance, Sherlock Holmes used to beg for the use of the sitting-r
at the Lord of Westmoreland shall maintain. WARWICK. And Warwick shall disprove it. You forget That we are those which chas'd you from the fiel
 pick up, he travelled from town to town through the United States in quest of his enemies. Year passed into year, his black hair turned 
his pretended merchant, who travels under the name of Achmet, is now in the city of Agra, and desires to gain his way into the fort. He has with him as travelling-companion my foster-b
en's bricks. It was the toy which he had promised to bring home. "This discovery, and the evident confusion which the cripple showed, made the inspector realise that the ma
MOND] Quiet untroubled soul, awake, awake! Arm, fight, and conquer, for fair England's sake! Enter the GHOSTS of the two young PRINCES GHOSTS. [To RICHARD] D
good lieutenant; I pray you, sir, hold your hand. CASSIO. Let me go, sir, or I'll knock you o'er the mazzard. MONTANO.
. [Exeunt QUICKLY and ROBIN] This news distracts me. PISTOL. [Aside] This punk is one of Cupid's carriers; Clap on more sails; p
they thy ministers? What are they call'd? TAMORA. Rape and Murder; therefore called so 'Cause they take vengeance of such kind of men. TITUS. Good Lord, how like the Empress' son
igues of idleness." An answer had arrived to Holmes's telegram before our Surrey officer had returne
ve more assured reasons than that for supposing it. If you examine this scrap with attention you will come to the conclusion that the man
.' Lo, ere I can repeat this curse again, Within so small a time, my woman's heart Grossly grew captive to his honey words And prov'd the subject of mine own soul's curse, Which hitherto hat
 than a fish loves water. Is not this a strange fellow, my lord, that so confidently seems to undertake this business, which he knows is not to be done; damns himself to do
ends Upon your favours swims with fins of lead, And hews down oaks with rushes. Hang ye! Trust ye? With every minute you do change a mind And call him noble that 
my confectionary; The mouths, the tongues, the eyes, and hearts of men At duty, more than I could frame employment; That numberless upon me stuck, as leaves Do on
er, thou! Nay, never lay thy hand upon thy sword; I fear thee not. Claud. Mary, beshrew my hand If it should give your age such cause of 
ter the KING and the DUKE OF SUFFOLK KING. Charles, I will play no more to-night; My mind's not on't; you are too hard for me. SUFFOL
its own. Even now we have no clear case against this very wily man. But I shall be very much surprised if it is not clear enough before we go to bed this night." The London express came roaring 
 me nervous and depressed. I could see from Miss Morstan's manner that she was suffering from the same feeling. Holmes alone could rise su
to help him in laying a trap for the old man, and he dared not leave her long out of his sight for fear he should lose his influence over her. It was for this reason that he t
ave hurt little Elsie? I may have threatened her, God forgive me, but I would not have touched a hair of her pretty head.
 but with me, for whose sake he has done all that he has." The woman's words came with an intense earnestness which carried con
out her love; for her employ them all; Commend them and condemn them to her service Or to their own perdition. POLIXENES. Fairly offer'd. CAMILLO. This shows a 
. Then, forester, my friend, where is the bush That we must stand and play the murderer in? FORESTER. Hereby, upon the edge of yonder coppice; A stand where you may make the fairest shoot. PR
 showed me that the question would be an unwelcome one. I pondered over our short conversation, however, and endeavoured to draw my deductions from it. He said that he would ac
said Holmes, shaking his pipe at me. "They come at me like bullets. If you put it that Mrs. Douglas and Barker know the truth about the murder, and are conspiring
I should select to lay before the public. I shall, however, preserve my former rule, and give the preference to those cases which derive their interest not so much from the bruta
led. A fortnight went by, during which I frequently found my thoughts turning in her direction and wondering what strange side-alley of human ex
ee a jay's nest, and instruct thee how To snare the nimble marmoset; I'll bring thee To clust'ring filberts, and sometimes I'll get thee Young scamels from the rock. Wilt thou go with me? S
 me your ears! I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him. The evil that men do lives after them, The good is oft interred with their bones; So let it be with Caesar. The noble Brutus Hath told you Ca
 man or beast. Only yesterday I saw one of the moor ponies wander into it. He never came out. I saw 
maid are all agreed that this about covers the points. He was a man about five foot nine in height, fifty or so years of age, his hair slightly grizzled, a grayish moustache,
 depend On greatness' favour, dream as I have done; Wake and find nothing. But, alas, I swerve; Many dream not to find, nei
or you are like an honourable father. Bene. If Signior Leonato be her father, she would not have his head on her shoulders for all Messina, as like him as she is. Beat. I
 Lord doth know, Have not the grace to grace it with such show. This gallant pins the wenches on his sleeve; Had he been Adam, he had tempted Eve. 
it was probably some creature of the weasel and stoat tribe--and yet it is larger than any of these 
was comparatively modern, and the blinds in the windows, with the blue smoke curling up from the chimneys, showed that this was where t
ght what pain it was to drown, What dreadful noise of waters in my ears, What sights of ugly death within my eyes! Methoughts I sa
ss unto his person, Even by those men that most have done us wrong. The dangers of the days but newly gone, Whose memory is written on the earth With yet appearing blood, and the examples Of every mi
imple savour, Pitiful thrivers in their gazing spent? No, let me be obsequious in thy heart, And take thou my oblation, poor but free, Which is not mixed with seconds, kno
nother part of the plain Enter ANTONY and ENOBARBUS ANTONY. Set we our squadrons on yon side o' th' hill, In eye of Caesar's battle; from 
wants wit, thy wits wants edge And manners, to intrude where I am grac'd, And may, for aught thou knowest, affected be. CHIRON. Demetrius, thou dost over-ween in all; And so 
s time, For what he did before Corioli, can him With all th' applause-and clamour of the host, Caius Marcius Coriolan
 he be, you may not be let in. FIRST SERVING-MAN. Villains, answer you so the Lord Protector? FIRST WARDER. [Within] 
rebellion. NORFOLK. Not almost appears- It doth appear; for, upon these taxations, The clothiers all, not able to maintain The many to them 'longi
 Mistress line, is not this my jerkin? Now is the jerkin under the line; now, jerkin, you are like to lose your hair, and prove a bald jerkin. TRINC
 commanded I should do so. You shall be miss'd at court, And that will well confirm it. IMOGEN. Why, good fellow, What shall I do the while? where bide? ho
, Parted with sugar breath; so sweet a bar Should sunder such sweet friends. Here in her hairs The painter plays the spider, and hath woven A golden mesh t' entrap the
ay be said It reaches far, and where 'twill not extend, Thither he darts it. Bosom up my counsel You'll find it wholesome. Lo, where comes that rock That I
harge her to love thee; if she will not, I will never have her unless thou entreat for her. If you be a true lover, hence, and not a 
me." "I beg that you will draw your chair up to the fire and favour me with some details as to your case." "It is no ordinary one." "None of 
uch to win. "What a pretty box!" she said, stooping over it. "This is Indian work, I suppose?" "Yes; it is Benares metal-work." "And so heavy!" she exclaimed, trying to ra
o scorn To meet at Ninus' tomb, there, there to woo. This grisly beast, which Lion hight by name, The trusty Thisby, coming first by night, Did scare aw
, and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime. Every effort was made by Inspector Baynes, who has the case in hand, to ascertain the hiding place of th
 bestow myself To be regarded in her sun-bright eye. VALENTINE. Win her with gifts, if she respect not words: Dumb jewels often in their s
humour well; but as there is no more plenty in it, it goes much against my stomach. Hast any philosophy in thee, shepherd? CORIN. No more but that I know the more one sickens t
 of his name, wherein obscurely Caesar's ambition shall be glanced at. And after this let Caesar seat him sure; For we
me out in evidence that Colonel Moran and young Adair had between them won a considerable amount of money. Now, Moran undoubtedly played foul--of that I
rumoured as we go to press that Mr. John Hector McFarlane has actually been arrested on the charge of the murder of Mr. Jonas Oldacre. It is at least certain th
nate over the peasant, and thou shalt lie with his wife. Come to me soon at night. Ford's a knave, and I will aggravate his style; thou, Master Brook, shalt know him for knave and cuckold. 
 cried. "I saw with my own eyes that two went down the path and none returned." "It came about in this way. The instant that the Pr
have no desire to bring trouble to you. My duty ends when I have returned the lost letter to your husb
ween the different incidents of which I speak. On the very first day that I was at the Copper Beeches, Mr. Rucastle took me to a small outhouse which stands near
 mighty Caesar, let me know some cause, Lest I be laugh'd at when I tell them so. CAESAR. The cause is in my will: I will not come, That is enough t
d I so lavish of my presence been, So common-hackney'd in the eyes of men, So stale and cheap to vulgar company, Opinion, that did help 
ar? ROSALINE. Madam, he swore that he did hold me dear As precious eyesight, and did value me Above this world; adding thereto, moreover, That he would wed me, or else die my lover. PRINC
Y. Thou art a proud traitor, priest. WOLSEY. Proud lord, thou liest. Within these forty hours Surrey durs
, As I have read, laid claim unto the crown; And, but for Owen Glendower, had been king, Who kept him in captivity till he died. But, to the rest. YORK. His 
 it was leading to the point; but somehow it turned off before we got there." "But you have found out something for yourself?" "A good deal, Mr. Holmes. I have several fresh dancing me
. Some one with child by him? My cousin Juliet? LUCIO. Is she your cousin? ISABELLA. Adoptedly, as school-maid
is not of the right breed. If it shall please you to make me a wholesome answer, I will do your mother's commandment; if not, your pardon and my return shall be the e
re no rebel dogs on this side of the river.' There was the ring of truth in what he said, and I knew that if I raised my voice I was a dead 
 Well, husband your device; I'll to the vicar. Bring you the maid, you shall not lack a priest. FENTON. So shall I evermore be bound to thee; Besides, I'll make a present recompense. Exeu
eir attendants Many good morrows to your Majesty! Madam, to you as many and as good! I promised your Grace a hunter's peal. SATURNINUS. And you have rung it lustily, my lords- Som
 founded on a logical basis with which he unravelled the problems which were submitted to him. I rapidly thre
 to Bartons Crossing, Helmdale, and the purely agricultural county of Merton. It was a single-track railroad; but at every siding--and they were numerous--long lines of t
 Whereto my finger, like a dial's point, Is pointing still, in cleansing them from tears. Now sir, the sound that tells wha
ould not need, if you were gentle Brutus. Within the bond of marriage, tell me, Brutus, Is it excepted I should know no secrets That appertain to you? Am I yourself But, as 
ace was lean and haggard, and the brown parchment-like skin was drawn tightly over the projecting bones; his long, brown hair and beard were all flecked and 
of light thrown by a shaded lamp, one's voice became hushed and one's spirit subdued. A dim line of ancestors,
re all badged with blood; So were their daggers, which unwiped we found Upon their pillows. They stared, and were distracted; no man's life Was to be tru
me as ever at home. And then came this week and all the misery and ruin. "'It was in this way. We had gone on the May Day for a round voyage of seven days,
nses which call upon a man either to be bored or to lie." He broke the seal and glanced over the contents. "Oh, come, it may prove to be something of interest, af
solve, Hearing of this. Edg. This would have seem'd a period To such as love not sorrow; but another, To amplify too much, would make much more, 
ore direful hap betide that hated wretch That makes us wretched by the death of thee Than I can wish to adders, spiders, toads, Or any creeping venom'd thing
to change their name to Stapleton, and he brought the remains of his fortune, his schemes for the future, and his taste for entomology to the south of England. I 
ed over with notes and figures. "I have seen the will of the deceased wife," said he. "To determine its exact meaning I have been obliged to work out the present pri
henceforth I will, coz, and devise sports. Let me see; what think you of falling in love? CELIA. Marry, I prithee, do, to make sport withal; but love no man in good earnes
n had spoken; but who he was or what he wanted was as obscure as ever. It was the severity of Holmes's manner and the fact that he slipped
 be your follower! Your worship in that sense may call him man. Tyb. Romeo, the love I bear thee can afford No better term than this: thou art a villain. Rom. Tybalt, the reason that I have to lo
ve him, That even his stubbornness, his checks, his frowns- Prithee, unpin me- have grace and favor in them. EMILIA. I have laid t
ong As aconitum or rash gunpowder. CLARENCE. I shall observe him with all care and love. KING. Why art thou not at Windsor with him, Thomas? CLAREN
 I would speak with you. [Aside to PORTIA] I'll See if I can get my husband's ring, Which I did make him swear to keep for ever. PORTIA. [To NERISSA] Thou Mayst, I warrant. We shall have old sweari
 she, sir? How Can her contempt be answer'd? MESSENGER. Please you, sir, Her chambers are all lock'd, and there's no answer That will be given to th' loud 
s not cut well, he was in the mind it was. This is call'd the Retort Courteous. If I sent him word again it was n
es. Wipe thine eyes. The goodyears shall devour 'em, flesh and fell, Ere they shall make us weep! We'll see 'em starv'd fir
rtimer refused at first to believe that it was indeed his friend and patient who lay before him--it was explained that that is a sym
Albert chain, very heavy and solid. Gold ring, with masonic device. Gold pin--bull-dog's head, with rubies as eyes. Russian leather card-case, with cards of Enoch J. Drebber of C
 loved, I view in thee, And thou (all they) hast all the all of me. 32 If thou survive my well-contented day, When that churl death my bones with dust shall cover And shalt by fortune once
her cause. A wretched soul, bruis'd with adversity, We bid be quiet when we hear it cry; But were we burd'ned with like weight of pain, As much,
en the very spirit of that terrible place. It was not the convict. This man was far from the place where the la
ver with thankfulness and joy. "Then the clothes have been the poor devil's death," said he. "It is clear enough that the ho
 Had I so lavish of my presence been, So common-hackney'd in the eyes of men, So stale and cheap to vulgar company, Opinion, that did help me to the crown, Had still
gular incident. The police are making the mistake of concentrating their attention upon the second, because it happens to be the one which is actually criminal. But it is evident to me that t
 is he, think you? DUKE. I know not where; but wheresoever, I wish him well. LUCIO. It was a mad fantastical trick of him to steal from the state and usurp the beggary h
his use: It lends a lustre and more great opinion, A larger dare to our great enterprise, Than if the Ear
you merry; I'll bring you where you shall hear music, and see the gentleman that you ask'd for. JULIA. But shall I hear h
 gods And made a push at chance and sufferance. Ant. Yet bend not all the harm upon yourself. Make those that do offend you suffer too. Leon. There thou speak'st reas
m farewell, Cordelia, though unkind. Thou losest here, a better where to find. Lear. Thou hast her, France; let her be thine; for we Have no such daughter, nor shall ever see
Now, how on earth could you know that the stolen silver was at the bottom of that pond?" "I didn't know it." "But you told me to examine it." "You got it, then?" "Yes, I got it." "I am very 
nts To your well-practis'd wise directions. And, Princes all, believe me, I beseech you, My father is gone wild into his grave, For in his tomb lie my affections; A
sweet wind did gently kiss the trees, And they did make no noise- in such a night, Troilus methinks mounted the Troyan walls, And sigh'd his soul toward the Grecian tents, Where Cressid lay that ni
but our valuation shall be such That every slight and false-derived cause, Yea, every idle, nice, and wanton reason, Shall to the King taste of this a
s for ever! Fal. Hang ye, gorbellied knaves, are ye undone? No, ye fat chuffs; I would your store were here! On, bacons on! What, ye knaves! young men mu
pectable life. I bought this estate, which chanced to be in the market, and I set myself to do a little good with my money, to make up for the way in which 
e importance of the single real clue which was presented to you. I had the good fortune to seize upon that, and everything which has occurred since th
thee thy life before thou ask it. For half thy wealth, it is Antonio's; The other half comes to the 
s fulfilled. A fortnight went by, during which I frequently found my thoughts turning in her direction and wondering what strange side-alley of human experience this l
on. Three times a day for many months I had witnessed this performance, but custom had not reconciled my mind to it. On the contrary, from day to day I had become m
e of me! The world will say he is not Talbot's blood That basely fled when noble Talbot stood. TALBOT. Fly to revenge my death, if I be slain. JOHN. He that flies so will ne'er re
y Shall shine at full upon them. Some attend him. Exit CHAMBERLAIN attended. All rise, and tables remov'd You have now a broken banquet, but we'll mend it. A good digestion to you all; and once 
y were all most dangerous men. One or other would certainly get me. On the other hand, if all the world was convinced t
 is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent. We would not dare to conceive the things which are really mere com
Ay, who doubts that? A will, a wicked will; A woman's will; a cank'red grandam's will! KING PHILIP. Peace, lad
. Leon. Call her forth, brother. Here's the friar ready. [Exit Antonio.] Pedro. Good morrow, Benedick. Why, what's the matter That you have such a 
LAFEU. Ev'n as soon as thou canst, for thou hast to pull at a smack o' th' contrary. If ever thou be'st bound in thy scarf and beaten, thou shalt find what it is to be proud of thy b
hen did you ever pick them up? There's James--" "It was James's own fault. You know that yourself. He was too self-willed for the job." "James was a bonehead--I give
ours he never stood To ease his breast with panting. MENENIUS. Worthy man! FIRST SENATOR. He cannot but with measu
that he should be warned of the danger which he will run. That was all which I intended to convey. "But what i
is very day at the depot!" "Ay, I heard of that," said McGinty. "I guess the heavy end of this business is coming on t
 "'Tut, tut,' said he. 'I am quite sure that a man of your intelligence will see that there can be but one outcome to this affair. It is
rs their bulwark, that have before gored the gentle bosom of peace with pillage and robbery. Now, if these men have defeated the law and outrun native punishment, though 
ong No worthier than the dust! CASSIUS. So oft as that shall be, So often shall the knot of us be call'd The men that gave their country liber
rom its future influence on her destiny and that of many besides. It was a warm June morning, and the Latter Day Saints were as busy as the bees whose hive they h
t you would know him when you saw him?" asked Holmes. The Colonel was very angry. "I have been on the turf for twenty years, and never was asked such a question as that before," said he. "A c
ld you have a case which is more worthy of them." Sherlock Holmes had listened with the utmost intentness to the statement of the unhappy schoolmaster. His drawn brows and the dee
when I came again on the next evening I would find that he held in his hands all the clues which would lead up to the identity of the disappearing bridegroom of Miss Mary S
nowledge, as otherwise, they argued, he would not have troubled to write down and forward such trivial information as McMurdo claimed to have given him. However, all this they would learn fr
sure, but it was so strongly in his mind that it peeped out at every action. At last I became so convinced that I was causing him u
es. We stagnate in the provinces. A case of this sort gives a man a chance, and I hope that I shall take it. What do you make of these bones?" "A lam
o not know, or jump the after-inquiry on your own peril. And how you shall speed in your journey's end, I think you'll never return to 
THELLO. I shall not dine at home; I meet the captains at the citadel. DESDEMONA. Why then tomorrow night, or Tuesday morn,
 some sounds downstairs. I listened, but they were not repeated, and I concluded that they came from
e Troyans' trumpet. Enter HECTOR, armed; AENEAS, TROILUS, PARIS, HELENUS, and other Trojans, with attendants AGAMEMNON. Yonder comes the troop. AENEAS. Hail
est of thy service. [Gives money.] Enter Fool. Fool. Let me hire him too. Here's my coxcomb. [Offers Kent his cap.] Lear. How now, my pretty knave? H
 good crowd round the booking-office, so I got quite close to them without being seen. They took tickets for New Brighton. So did I, but I got in three carriages behind them. When
 To no more Will I give place or notice. Lear. I gave you all- Reg. And in good time you gave it! Lear. Made you my g
 Morstan's manner that she was suffering from the same feeling. Holmes alone could rise superior to petty influences. He held his open note-book upon his knee, and from time to ti
n sons, whereof thyself art one, Were as seven vials of his sacred blood, Or seven fair branches springing from one root. Some of those seven are dried by nature's course
 sheets which had been used to secure it that one could not for the moment tell whether it was that of a man or a woman. One towel passed round the throat and wa
 sinews of our power, France being ours, we'll bend it to our awe, Or break it all to pieces; or there we'll sit
of the cravat. He was equally certain that the same stranger had, while standing at the window, drugged his curried mutton, and so deprive
e the very station at which I had arrived upon the previous night. Were it not for the ugly wound upon my hand, all that had passed d
wer to follow you. DEMETRIUS. Do I entice you? Do I speak you fair? Or, rather, do I not in plainest truth Tell you I do not nor I cannot love you? HELENA. And even for that do I lo
as you shall desire in a summer's day. Here is his Majesty. Enter the KING and EXETER KING HENRY. How now! what's the matter? FLUELLEN. My liege, here is a villain and a traitor, 
who belonged to this ruthless society. The names of the participators in the deeds of blood and violence done under the name of relig
 Than to be dealt in by attorneyship; Not whom we will, but whom his Grace affects, Must be companion o
hn Falstaff! FALSTAFF. Boy, tell him I am deaf. PAGE. You must speak louder; my master is deaf. CHIEF JUSTICE. I am sure he is, to the hearing of anything good. Go, pluck him by the elbow; I must
uies fulfill'd in Rouen. A braver soldier never couched lance, A gentler heart did never sway in court; But kings and mightiest potentates must die, For that's the end o
mouth, I do forgive Thy rankest fault-all of them; and require My dukedom of thee, which perforce I know Thou must restore. ALONSO. If thou beest Prospero, Give us part
 the contrary, it seemed rather a piquant thing to us to chevy him about the playground and hit him over the shins with a wicket. But it was another thing when 
 in my head. There was one wing, however, which appeared not to be inhabited at all. A door which faced that which led i
uck his stick sharply upon the ground, on which a cabman, his whip in his hand, sauntered over from a four-wheeler which stood on 
as suffered from rickets in his childhood. "What's this?" he cried in a high, screaming voice. "What is the meaning of this intru
a second yellow-covered volume in his hand. "We pay the price, Watson, for being too up-to-date!" he cried. "We are before our time, and suffer the usual penalties. Being the seventh of Janua
as at least a most suspicious remark." "On the contrary," said Holmes, "it is the brightest rift which I can at present see in the clouds. However innocent he might be, he could no
o have some more of such experiences." "To-day, for example?" "Yes, to-day, if you like." "And as far off a
me, sir. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_6 SCENE VI. Rome. CAESAR'S house Enter CAESAR, AGRIPPA, and MAECENAS CAESAR. Contemning Rome, he has done all this and more In Alexandria. Here's the manner of't: I' th' ma
truck through my heart when I found it was Dawson's wife, all cut into ribbons, and half eaten by jackals and native dogs. A little further up the road Dawson himself was lying on 
er cross'd the Hellespont. PROTEUS. That's a deep story of a deeper love; For he was more than over sho
 you about it. On the other hand, although it is trivial, it is undoubtedly queer, and I know that you have a taste for all that is out of the common. B
has cast some light upon those occurrences which have puzzled us?" Holmes shrugged his shoulders. "One cannot always have the success for which one hopes. An investigator needs facts
nurse, that loves to hear himself talk and will speak more in a minute than he will stand to in a month. Nurse. An 'a speak anything against me, I'll take him down, an
 Holmes. "The rest of our work must be done, and every moment is of importance. We have our case, and now we only want our man. "It's a thousand to one against our finding him at the hous
ot her and then himself, or that she had been the criminal, for the revolver lay upon the floor midway between them. "Has he been moved?" asked Holmes. "We have moved nothing except the 
t as an intent That perish'd by the way. Thoughts are no subjects; Intents but merely thoughts. MARIANA. Merely, my lord. DUKE. Your suit's unprofitable; stand up, I say. 
ll it your own way; but there are the facts, and you can't miss the public so long as you have those. I've been cooped up two days, and I've spen
work in London." "I rather think not," said Holmes. "Hang it all, Mr. Holmes!" cried the inspector. "The paper
ally signed," he added in an exultant voice as he unfolded the epistle. "Come, we are getting on, Watson." His brow clouded, however, as he glanced over the contents. "Dear me, 
 it, for 'tis commanded I should do so. You shall be miss'd at court, And that will well confirm it. IMOGEN. Why, good fellow, What shall 
he baronet--it is--why, it is my neighbour, the convict!" With feverish haste we had turned the body over, and that dripping beard was pointing up to the cold, clear moon. There could be no
house is surrounded with water. What weapon would he choose? You would say the most silent in the world. Then he could hope when the deed was done to slip quic
ou art a blessed fellow to think as every man thinks. Never a man's thought in the world keeps the road-way better than thine. E
t and grievous sin; And will not you maintain the thing you teach, But prove a chief offender in the same? WARWICK. Sweet King! The Bishop hath a kindly gird. For shame, my Lord of W
n'd. GONZALO. Whether this be Or be not, I'll not swear. PROSPERO. You do yet taste Some subtleties o' th' isle, that will not let you Beli
inistrator as well as a resolute chief. Maps were drawn and charts prepared, in which the future city was sketched out. All around farms were apportioned and allotted in 
ain your son. TITUS. Nor thou nor he are any sons of mine; My sons would never so dishonour me. Re-enter aloft the EMPEROR with TAMORA and her two Sons, and AARON the Moor Traitor, restore Lavi
ard on each side of him, glanced alternately at these dreadful relics and at the thoughtful, eager face of our companion. Finally he returned them to the box once more and sat for a while in deep m
hose was it? Clown. A whoreson, mad fellow's it was. Whose do you think it was? Ham. Nay, I know not. Clown
 him and should have attacked him on the one night when he had a guest. They had him alone at their mercy every other night in the week." "Then why did they fly?" "Quite so. Why did
ing and the noontide night. Princes have but their titles for their glories, An outward honour for an inward toil; And for unfelt imaginations They often feel a world of restless cares, So tha
is pipe and handed me his pouch. "Some fumes which are not poisonous would be a welcome change," said he. "I think you must agree, Watson, that it is not a case in which we a
the moment did her force subdue, And now she would the caged cloister fly. Religious love put out religion's eye. Not to be tempted, would she be immur
At whose request the King hath pardon'd them, And they are all about his Majesty. BASTARD. Withhold thine indignation, mighty heaven, And tempt 
! And yet, good Humphrey, is the hour to come That e'er I prov'd thee false or fear'd thy faith. What louring star now envies thy estate That these great 
he most virtuous gentlewoman that ever nature had praise for creating. If she had partaken of my flesh, and cost m
o advantage. I remember that during the whole of that memorable day he lost himself in a monograph which he had undertaken upon the Polyphonic Motets of Lassus. For my own part I had none of this pow
verence. Claud. [aside] He hath ta'en th' infection. Hold it up. Pedro. Hath she made her affection known to Benedick? Leon. No, 
oy grieves, on slender accident. This world is not for aye, nor 'tis not strange That even our loves should wi
 business premises that they really abutted on the other side upon the faded and stagnant square which we had just quitted. "Let me see," said Holmes, standing at the corner
etween ourselves. He is the only flaw in that chain so far as I have been able to test it." "But no chain is stronger than its weakest link." "Exactly, my dear Watson! Hence the extrem
do know, the state, However this may gall him with some check, Cannot with safety cast him, for he's embark'd With such loud reason to the Cyprus wars, Which even no
. Now, if you cared to apply, Mr. Wilson, you would just walk in; but perhaps it would hardly be worth your w
a file, a brace of pistols, a pound of powder, and twenty slugs. Two of the warders were agents of Prendergast, and the second mate was his righ
UCHSTONE. I do, truly, for thou swear'st to me thou art honest; now, if thou wert a poet, I might have some hope thou didst feign. AUDREY. Would you not have me honest? TOUCHST
nk on that; And mercy then will breathe within your lips, Like man new made. ANGELO. Be you content, fair maid. It is the law, not I condemn your 
RONIUS. He says so. ANTONY. Let her know't. To the boy Caesar send this grizzled head, And he will fill thy wishes to the brim With principalities. CLEOP
ppened was known only to ourselves. "It was at that instant that the idea came to me. I was fairly dazzled by the brilliance of it. The man's s
 do what I can. PROTEUS..I hope thou wilt. [To LAUNCE] How now, you whoreson peasant! Where have you been these two days loitering? LAUNCE. Marry, sir, I carried M
Wilt thou at Ninny's tomb meet me straightway? THISBY. Tide life, tide death, I come without delay. Exeunt PYRAMUS and THISBY W
r. You must bear with me. Pray you now, forget and forgive. I am old and foolish. Exeunt. Manent Kent and Gentleman. Gent. Holds it true
ppy Above a number-if my actions Were tried by ev'ry tongue, ev'ry eye saw 'em, Envy and base opinion set against 'em, I know my life so even
our when Holmes interrupted him. "I understood that you were writing a report of this case," said he. "So I am." "Don't you think it may be a little premature? I can't help thinking that y
ent at Edinburgh, and there I remained until I was seventeen years of age. In the year 1878 my father, who was senior captain of his regiment, obtained twelve months' 
linen, until we came to Number 46, the door of which was decorated with a small slip of brass on which the name Rance was engrav
is eyes upon you? Hor. Most constantly. Ham. I would I had been there. Hor. It would have much amaz'd you. Ham
ped over to the window and shouted through it at the top of his voice that the vacancy was filled. A groan of disap
lease it your Majesty, I have done already. The blushes in my cheeks thus whisper me: 'We blush that thou shouldst choose; but, be refused, Let the white death 
and his horse; for it is all the wealth that he hath left to be known a reasonable creature. Who is his companion now? He hath every month a new sworn brother. Mess. Is't possible
 things go, and, I warrant, to your content. Here is a letter will say somewhat. Good hearts, what ado here is to bring you together! Sure, one of you 
he jerked his thumb upward to signify the coining plant. "All right," whispered McMurdo, who had devised a safe hiding place under the floor. 
lept. Between the acting of a dreadful thing And the first motion, all the interim is Like a phantasma or a hideous dream; The genius and the mor
r in a whirlwind. If thou wilt, Tell them there I have gold; look, so I have. APEMANTUS. Here is no use fo
ISABELLA. Let me hear you speak farther; I have spirit to do anything that appears not foul in the truth of my spirit. DUK
ou. I know that voice. Lear. Ha! Goneril with a white beard? They flatter'd me like a dog, and told me I had white hairs in my beard
gular accompaniments to the crime, the footsteps, the remarkable weapons, the words upon the card, corresponding with those upon Ca
 find that he is the same old Silver Blaze as ever." "You take my breath away!" "I found him in the hands of a faker, and took the liberty of running him just as he was sent over." "M
 to the Continent." "Where?" "Oh, anywhere. It's all the same to me." There was something very strange in all this. It was not Holmes's nature to take an aimless holiday, 
 noble family was the result. Everything which is in the market goes to Milverton, and there are hundreds in this great city who turn white at his name. No one knows where his g
lar forces of the country. I have come to ask you about Mr. Godfrey Staunton." "What about him?" "You know him, do you not?" "He is an intimate friend of mine." "You are aware that
is complete in feature and in mind, With all good grace to grace a gentleman. DUKE. Beshrew me, sir, but if he make this good, He is as worthy for an empress' love As meet to be an emper
. I now beseech you, for your daughter's sake, To grant one boon that I shall ask of you. DUKE. I grant it for thine own, whate'er it 
--very untidy and careless. He was left with good prospects, but he threw away his chances, lived for some time in poverty with occasional short intervals of prosperity, and 
father's wealth Was the first motive that I woo'd thee, Anne; Yet, wooing thee, I found thee of more value Than stamps in gold, or sums in sealed bags; And 'tis 
ver handled sword. Long since we were resolved of your truth, Your faithful service, and your toil in war; Yet never have you tasted our reward, Or been reguerdon'd with so much as thanks, Because t
 with a steely glitter. His face was bent downward, his shoulders bowed, his lips compressed, and the veins stood out 
 the order of his funeral. BRUTUS. You shall, Mark Antony. CASSIUS. Brutus, a word with you. [Aside to Brutus.] You know not what you do. Do not consent That Antony speak in h
st that I found it out. I've never breathed a word about it yet to mortal man. It's about poor Sir Charles's dea
 manner of the wrestling. LE BEAU. I will tell you the beginning, and, if it please your ladyships, you may see the end; for the best is yet to do; and here, where you are,
e house, and only one, riveted my attention. It is the famous old Jacobean grange of High Gable, one mile on the farther side of 
or he is always the first stirring. But here he is, sir, to answer your questions for himself. No, sir, no; it is as much as my place is worth to let 
 was my lady's voice. Help! help, ho! help! O lady, speak again! Sweet Desdemona! O sweet mistress, speak! DESDEMONA. A guiltless d
 chest from which they could draw the funds to engage the best legal talent in the state. In ten long years of outrage there had been no s
 Find fairer fortune, if you ever wed! LAFEU. These boys are boys of ice; they'll none have her. Sure, they are bastards to the Engl
 life, and on work well done. "Gregson and Lestrade will be wild about his death," Holmes remarked, as we chatted it over next evening. "Where will their grand advertisement
lish are embattl'd, you French peers. CONSTABLE. To horse, you gallant Princes! straight to horse! Do but behold yon poor and starved band, And your 
hem.' And with that word she struck me on the head, And through the instrument my pate made way; And there I
unt ACT II. SCENE 4. Paris. The KING'S palace Enter HELENA and CLOWN HELENA. My mother greets me kindly; is she well? CLOWN. She is not well, but yet she has her health; she's very merry, but y
uckold but calamity, so beauty's a flower. The lady bade take away the fool; therefore, I say again, take her away. OLIVIA. Sir, I bade them
be demanded, And all the other by-dependences, From chance to chance; but nor the time nor place Will serve our long interrogatories. See, Posthumus anchors upon Imogen; And she, like harmless l
N. Madam, methinks, if you did love him dearly, You do not hold the method to enforce The like from him. CLEOPATRA. What should I do I do not? CHARMIAN. In each th
lion roar 'Gainst thee, thou lamb, that standest as his prey; Submissive fall his princely feet before, And
 catch this fellow you will find that he has one of these multiplex knives in his possession." "Excellent!" said Hopkins. "But these glasses do puzzle me, I confess. Lady Brackenstall actu
eps the road-way better than thine. Every man would think me an hypocrite indeed. And what accites your most worshipful thought to think so? POINS. Why, because you have been so lewd and so mu
, DEMETRIUS, and their attendants Many good morrows to your Majesty! Madam, to you as many and as good! I p
e and take my love away. This thought is as a death which cannot choose But weep to have, that which it 
for five years as a Sussex county gentleman, a life which ended with the strange happenings of which we have heard. CHAPTER VIII Epilogue T
at?" I asked when I had finished. "Capital! Between your brandy and your bandage, I feel a new man. I was very weak, but I have had a good deal to go through." "Perhaps you had better
wice Premier of Britain. The other, dark, clear-cut, and elegant, hardly yet of middle age, and endowed with every beauty of body and of mind, was the Right Honourable Trelawn
, I say. Hear mine host of the Garter. Am I politic? am I subtle? am I a Machiavel? Shall I lose my doctor? No; he gives me the potions and the motions. S
hold till my lord return from the wars. VALERIA. Fie, you confine yourself most unreasonably; come, you must go visit the good lady that lies in. VIRGILIA. I will wish her speedy strength,
 not be bought under half a crown a packet. It is peculiarly strong and stiff." "Peculiar--that is the very word," said Holmes. "It is not an English paper at all. Ho
rums, Clamours of hell, be measures to our pomp? O husband, hear me! ay, alack, how new Is 'husband' in my mouth! even for that name, Which till this time my tongue did ne'er pronounce, Upon my
unvisited, much to our shame. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Not so, my lord; it is not so, I swear; We have had pastimes here, and pleasant game; A mess 
n thou liest. Look in thy last work, where thou hast feign'd him a worthy fellow. POET. That's not feign
the medical mind, certainly not rough salt. I repeat that there is no practical joke here, but that we are investigating a serious crime." A vague thrill ran through me as I listened to my
l fit it. MRS. PAGE. You are come to see my daughter Anne? QUICKLY. Ay, forsooth; and, I pray, how does good Mistress Anne? MR
vers LORDS, friends of TIMON, at several doors FIRST LORD. The good time of day to you, sir. SECOND LORD. I also wish it to 
rn away thy face, While I do run upon it. Wilt thou, Strato? STRATO. Give me your hand first. Fare you well, my lord. BRUTUS. Farewell, good Strato. Runs on his sword.
y off, Of our two cousins' coming into London. YORK. Where did I leave? DUCHESS. At that sad stop, my lord, Where rude misgoverned hands from windows' tops Threw dust and rubbish
se but fall by pailfuls. What have we here? a man or a fish? dead or alive? A fish: he smells like a fish; a very ancient and fish-like smell; kind of not-of-the-newest Poor-John. A s
oves him: she came and puts me her white hand to his cloven chin- CRESSIDA. Juno have mercy! How came it cloven? PANDARUS. Why, you know, 'tis dimpled. I think his smiling beco
y chance, however, the first boot which was procured for him was a new one and, therefore, useless for his purpose. He then had it 
hear the letter? SILVIUS. So please you, for I never heard it yet; Yet heard too much of Phebe's cruelty. ROSALIND. She Phebes me: mark how 
BASTARD, HUBERT, and LORDS KING JOHN. [To ELINOR] So shall it be; your Grace shall stay behind, So strongly guarded. [To ARTHUR] Cousin, look not sad; Th
 tell thee whence thou cam'st, of whom deriv'd, Were shame enough to shame thee, wert thou not shameless. Thy father bears the type of King of Naples, Of both the Sicils and Jerusalem, Yet not so
hou art a general offence, and every man should beat thee. I think thou wast created for men to breathe themselves upon thee. PAROLLES. This is hard and undeserved measure, my lord. LAFEU.
if not through your neglect- We shall to London get, where you are lov'd, And where this breach now in our fortunes 
rkable-looking person. It was a gaunt, aquiline face which was turned towards us, with piercing dark eyes, which lurked in deep hollows under overhung and
the tomb] LUCIUS. There lie thy bones, sweet Mutius, with thy friends, Till we with trophies do ador
be stars in heaven, With distinct breath and consign'd kisses to them, He fumbles up into a loose adieu, And scants us with a single famish'd kiss, Distasted with the salt of broken tears. AE
 criminal before ever we went to the west country. "It was my game to watch Stapleton. It was evident, however, that I could not do this if I were with y
" "Well, Mr. Holmes, it is difficult for me to refuse you anything, for you have been of use to the force once or twice in the past, and we owe you a good turn 
Sound a parley. The SENATORS appear upon the walls Till now you have gone on and fill'd the time With all licentious measure, making your wills The scope of justice; till now, myself, and suc
s ago. The light was just fading. I was sitting reading in the chair. I don't know what made me look up, but there was a face looking in at me through the lower 
s he is an excellent fellow in every way. I speak not as a medical man but as a trustee and executor of Sir Charles
 thousand venomous doubts and suspicions. What was it that my wife was concealing from me? Where had she been during that strange expedition? I felt that I should have no peace unti
re Sad true lover never find my grave, To weep there! DUKE. There's for thy pains. CLOWN. No pains, sir; I take pleasure in singing, sir. DUKE. I'll pay thy 
ry it was for Lady Hilda Trelawney Hope that Sherlock Holmes inquired. We were shown into the morning-room. "Mr. Holmes!" 
m. Enter SILVIA Peace! here she comes. SPEED. [Aside] O excellent motion! O exceeding puppet! Now will he interpre
this town, His forces strong, his soldiers confident. With him along is come the mother-queen, An Ate, stirring him to blood and strife; With her the Lady Bl
r orange pips in others. On receiving this the victim might either openly abjure his former ways, or might fly from the country. If he braved the 
ieroglyphic: [ Picture: Several unreadable scrawls on paper ] Cyril Overton was much excited. "Hold it to the glass!" he cried. "That is unnecessary," said Holmes. "The paper is thin, and the revers
rtain. My lord's almost so far transported that He'll think anon it lives. LEONTES. O sweet Paulina, Make me to think so twenty years together! No settled senses of the
lewoman denies all that you have said. LUCIO. My lord, here comes the rascal I spoke of, here with the Provost. ESCALUS. In very good 
, 'gainst th' authority of manners, pray'd you To hold your hand more close. I did endure Not seldom, nor no slight checks, when I have Prompted you in the ebb of your estate And your great flow of d
d? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. I look'd for the chalky cliffs, but I could find no whiteness in them; but I guess it stood
late- Some better than his value- on the moment Follow his strides, his lobbies fill with tendance, Rain sacrificial whisperings in his ear, Make sacred even his stirrup, and th
 Dying like men, though buried in your dunghills, They shall be fam'd; for there the sun shall greet them And draw their honours reeking up to heaven, Leaving their earthly parts to choke yo
 Peace, Grumio! It is the rival of my love. Petruchio, stand by awhile. GRUMIO. A proper stripling, and an amorous! [They stand asid
it HORTENSIUS. Faith, I perceive our masters may throw their caps at their money. These debts may well be call'd desperate ones, for a madman owes 'em. Exeunt Re-enter 
 sloped, and again we came on the tracks. Then we lost them for half a mile, but only to pick them up once more quite close to Mapleton. It was Holmes who saw them first, and he stoo
wing this, for you are young and inexperienced, but if you wish to get on in your new duties you will work with me a
ve done your business in the city. If this be court'sy, sir, accept of it. PEDANT. O, sir, I do; and
 can it? O how can love's eye be true, That is so vexed with watching and with tears? No marvel then though I mistake my view, The sun it self sees not, till heaven clears. O cunnin
e road and opens by a large glass folding-door on to the lawn. The lawn is thirty yards across, and is
 That were some love, but little policy. QUEEN. Then whither he goes thither let me go. KING RICHARD. So two, together weeping, make one woe. Weep thou for me in France, I for the
lts as this that our great country welcomes to its bosom the alien who flies from the despotisms of Europe? Is it that they shall themselves become tyrants over the very men who have given them
 that, since we are well persuaded We carry not a heart with us from hence That grows not in a fair consent with ours; 
uite so; at the gold-mines, where, as I understand, Mr. Turner made his money." "Yes, certainly." "Thank you, Miss Turner. You have been of material assistance to me." "You will 
 I lose them, thus find I by their loss: For Valentine, myself; for Julia, Silvia. I to myself am dearer t
est than to please myself. JAQUES. Well then, if ever I thank any man, I'll thank you; but that they call compliment is like th' enc
waiting to see you,' and an instant afterwards we heard the patter of feet rushing down the passage. Forbes flung open the door, and we both ran into the back room or kitc
re. VIOLA. Nay, an thou pass upon me, I'll no more with thee. Hold, there's expenses for thee. [Giving a coi
Captain Morstan's daughter receives a valuable present, which is repeated from year to year, and now culminates in a letter which describes her as a wronged woman. What wrong can it 
acmorris, I beseech you now, will you voutsafe me, look you, a few disputations with you, as partly touching or concerning the disciplines of the war, the Roman wars, in the
s locked, but Holmes removed a circle of glass and turned the key from the inside. An instant afterwards he had closed the door behind us, and we had become felo
to that effect." "Why?" "Because in five minutes you will say that it is all so absurdly simple." "I am sure that I shall say nothing of the kind." "You see, my dear Watson"--he pr
smiling face and a great heavy chin which rolled down in fold upon fold over his throat sat at her elbow with a pair of glasses on his 
s! Is't lawful, pray you, To see her women- any of them? Emilia? GAOLER. So please you, madam, To put apart these your attendants, Shall bring Emilia forth.
reak that oath, let me turn monster; therefore, my sweet Rose, my dear Rose, be merry. ROSALIND. From henceforth 
epose; But him outlive, and die a violent death. [As the SPIRIT speaks, SOUTHWELL writes the answer] BOLINGBROKE. 'What fates await the Duke of Suffolk?' SPIRIT. By water shall he die and take his
ingman]. Juliet, the County stays. Nurse. Go, girl, seek happy nights to happy days. Exeunt. Scene IV. A street. Enter Ro
 QUEEN KATHARINE. I am much too venturous In tempting of your patience, but am bold'ned Under your promis'd pardon. The subjects' grief Comes through commissions, which compels from each The 
 Flatter my sorrow with report of it; Tell me what state, what dignity, what honour, Canst thou demis
 Richard both in shape and mind Transform'd and weak'ned? Hath Bolingbroke depos'd Thine intellect? Hath he been in thy heart? The 
NS. Come, you virtuous ass, you bashful fool, must you be blushing? Wherefore blush you now? What a maidenly man-at-arms
des, the editions of Holy Writ are so numerous that he could hardly suppose that two copies would have the same pagination. This is clearly a book which is standardized. He knows for 
valour, and in the grapple I boarded them. On the instant they got clear of our ship; so I alone became their prisoner. They have dealt with me like thieves of mercy; but they kn
Upon advantage. ANTONIO. I do never use it. SHYLOCK. When Jacob graz'd his uncle Laban's sheep- This Jacob from our holy 
ather than my words. "If I claim full justice for my art, it is because it is an impersonal thing--a thing beyond m
rook. MRS. FORD. Sir John, we have had ill luck; we could never meet. I will never take you for my love again; 
ually have led to Holdernesse Hall, the stately towers of which rose some miles to our left, or to a low, grey village which lay in front of us, and marked the position of the Ches
e upon the moor." Sir Henry put his hand upon my shoulder with a pleasant smile. "My dear fellow," said he, "Holmes, with all his wisdom, did not foresee some things w
. Flourish. Re-enter the EMPEROR, TAMORA and her two SONS, with the MOOR, at one door; at the other door, BASSIANUS and LAVINIA, with others SATURNINUS. So, Bassianus, you have 
he. Nothing in the house had struck him as suspicious save that for people of their class it was remarkable that they should have no servant. So far and no further went th
ent had risen. Everybody was out of town, and I yearned for the glades of the New Forest or the shin
hen sects and factions were newly born. He's truly valiant that can wisely suffer The worst that man can breathe, And make his
w my companion could hope to learn anything from it. Still I had had such extraordinary evidence of the quickness of his perceptive faculties, that I had n
, I cannot. Guil. What, my lord? Ham. Make you a wholesome answer; my wit's diseas'd. But, sir, such answer is I can make, you
ingham's. In person I'll hear his confessions justify; And point by point the treasons of his master He shall again relate. A noise within, crying 'Room for the Queen!' Enter the QUEE
equest than to please myself. JAQUES. Well then, if ever I thank any man, I'll thank you; but that they call compl
arette. "But the tracks!" I cried. "I saw with my own eyes that two went down the path and none returned." "It came about in this way. The instant that the Professor had disappeared it struck me wh
"Exactly, Sergeant, you could not do otherwise." "I expect there was good reason for your presence there. If there is anything I can do--" "It's
balanced one against the other, and made up his mind as to which points were essential and which immaterial. I therefore spent the day at my club and did not return 
That ne'er shall dine unless thou yield the crown. WARWICK. If thou deny, their blood upon thy head; For York in justice puts his armour on. PRINCE OF WALES. If that 
r housekeeping. Then at my farm I have a hundred milch-kine to the pail, Six score fat oxen standing in my stalls, And all things answerable to this portion. Mys
ugh at the police-station to learn that a search of his clothing revealed nothing save a few shillings and a long sheath knife
 lawyer arrived I was asked to step up to the room. The fire was burning brightly, and in the grate there was a mass of black, fluffy ashes, 
tion of the sea and skies Parted our fellowship- But, hark! a sail. A cry within, "A sail, a sail!" Guns heard. SECOND GENTLEMAN. They give their greeting to the citadel; This likewise is a f
use waiting to see you,' and an instant afterwards we heard the patter of feet rushing down the passage. Forbes flung open the doo
ries of delight and shouts of laughter. They had waited for their man as he drove home at nightfall, taking their station at the top of a steep hill, where his horse must be at
 smile played over her infantile features. Her plump little white legs terminating in white socks and neat shoes with shining buckles, offered a strange c
digious, Patch'd with foul moles and eye-offending marks, I would not care, I then would be content; For then I shou
 until I could bring help to him. It was not a time to stand upon ceremony. His life depended upon my promptness. Before the apologetic butler had delivered his message I had pushed past 
dictate it, if you like. Ready? "Dear Sir: "It has struck me that it is our duty to drain the moat, in the hope that we may find some--" "It's impossible," said the inspector. "I've made inq
ical way. "The prisoner will be put before the magistrates in the course of the week," he said; "in the mean time, Mr. Jefferson Hope, have you an
is world Offence's gilded hand may shove by justice, And oft 'tis seen the wicked prize itself Buys out the law; but 'tis not so abo
bishop spake. I am happily come hither. Re-enter DENNY, With CRANMER KING. Avoid the gallery. [LOVELL seems to stay] Ha! I have said. Be gone. What! Exeunt LOVELL and DENNY CRANME
atest been denied. Oft expectation fails, and most oft there Where most it promises; and oft it hits Where hope is coldest, and despair most fits. KING. I must n
surgeon at the inquest. The blow was struck from immediately behind, and yet was upon the left side. Now, how can that be unless it were by a left-handed man? He had stood behind that tree during
dier, at arms' end, And love you 'gainst the nature of love- force ye. SILVIA. O heaven! PROTEUS. I'll force thee
their villainy goes against my weak stomach, and therefore I must cast it up. Exit Re-enter FLUELLEN, GOWER following GOWER. Captain Fluellen, you must come pres
eep his native progress, but surcease; No warmth, no breath, shall testify thou livest; The roses in thy lips and cheeks shall fade To paly ashes, thy eyes' windo
damn'd; but if I may have your ladyship's good will to go to the world, Isbel the woman and I will do as we may. COUNTESS. Wil
CUSE. Shall I tell you why? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Ay, sir, and wherefore; for they say every why hath a wheref
all he waste his means, weary his soldiers, Doing himself offense, whilst we lying still Are full of rest, defense, and nimbleness. BRUTUS. Good reasons must o
ue l'Anglais lequel je parle. KING HENRY. No, faith, is't not, Kate; but thy speaking of my tongue, and I thine, most truly falsely, must needs be granted to be much at one. But, Kate, dos
you guess? MESSENGER. Of thirty sail; and now they do re-stem Their backward course, bearing with frank appearance Their purposes toward Cyprus. Sign
o'er thy praises As thou unworthy to be call'd her servant. I charge thee use her well, even for my charge; For, by the dreadful Pluto, if thou dost not, Tho
, to drink; but I tell you, my lord fool, out of this nettle, danger, we pluck this flower, safety. 'The purpose you undertake is dangerous,
llow'd with the general throng and sweat Of thousand friends; then, in a moment, see How soon this mightiness meets misery. And if you can be merry then, I'll say A man may weep 
s were all simple and might be found in any issue, but 'moor' would be less common." "Why, of course, that would explain it. Have you rea
at you are after. I'd go some way to see him get his deserts." "No, it's not him yet." "Or Herman Strauss?" "No, nor him either." "Well, if you won't tell us we can't 
o us, When we are so unsecret to ourselves? But, though I lov'd you well, I woo'd you not; And yet, good faith, I wish'd myself a man, Or that we women had men's privilege Of speaking first. Sw
ging journey. All that is mine I leave at thy dispose, My goods, my lands, my reputation; Only, in lieu thereof, dispatch me hence. Come, answer not, but to it presently; I am impatie
oundly too. There was I, and little John Doit of Staffordshire, and black George Barnes, and Francis Pickbone, and Will Squele a Cotsole man- you had not four such swinge-bucklers 
 ripple of feminine laughter. An instant later I had come round the end of the hedge and my eyes lit upon Mrs. Douglas and the man Barker before they 
actise stratagems Upon so soft a subject as myself! What say'st thou? Hast thou not a word of joy? Som
m, but he took the blow bravely when he learned the truth about the woman whom he had loved. But the shock of 
sar! But, alas, Caesar must bleed for it! And, gentle friends, Let's kill him boldly, but not wrathfully; Let's carve him as a dish f
k too, 'Why blame you me to love you?' ORLANDO. To her that is not here, nor doth not hear. ROSALIND. Pray you, no more of this; 'tis l
lterate Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey, Untimely smother'd in their dusky graves. Richard yet lives, hell's black intelligencer; Only reserv'd their factor to buy
in my pocket I found that it was all right. The only duplicate which existed, so far as I knew, was that which belonged to my servant, Bannister, a m
right and some distance back from the road was the timber-yard which had been the scene of the fire. Here's a rough plan on a leaf of my note-book. This window on the left is the one which 
rit of no common rate; The summer still doth tend upon my state; And I do love thee; therefore, go with me. I'll give thee fairies to attend on thee; And they shall fet
de quite a little reconnaissance together." "Any success?" "Well, we have seen some very interesting things. I'll tell you what we did as we walk. First of all, we saw the body of this 
ll our travail turn'd to this effect? After the slaughter of so many peers, So many captains, gentlemen, and soldiers, That in this quarrel have been ove
im repent Thou wast not made his daughter; and be thou sorry To follow Caesar in his triumph, since Thou hast been whipt for following him. Henceforth The white hand of a lady fever thee! Shake thou
s'd the dead bodies. No eye hath seen such scarecrows. I'll not march through Coventry with them, that's flat. Nay, and the villains march wide betwi
nquest, which led up to a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown, I realized more clearly than I had ever do
er grant this forfeiture to hold. ANTONIO. The Duke cannot deny the course of law; For the commodity that strangers have With us in Venice, if it be denied, Will much impeach the justice of t
roperty to me--rather against my will, for I saw how awkward it would be if my business affairs went wrong. However, she would have it so, and it was done.
my ingratitude even now Was heavy on me. Thou art so far before, That swiftest wing of recompense is slow To overtake thee. Would thou hadst less deserved, That the proportion both of thanks an
 performed; and remain, as he says, your pawn till it be brought you. AUTOLYCUS. I will trust you. Walk before toward the sea-side; g
no! Darkness and Dr. Watson's umbrella--my wants are simple. And Ames, the faithful Ames, no doubt he will stretch a point for me. All my lines of thought lead me back invariably to the one basic que
rpose surfeiting, he sends a warrant For my poor brother's head. DUKE. This is most likely! ISABELLA. O that it were as like as it is true! DUKE. By heaven, fond wretc
onor, breath, Which the poor heart would fain deny and dare not. Seyton! Enter Seyton. SEYTON. What's your gracious pleasure? MACBETH. 
the amount that I had written, and locked the door of the office after me. "This went on day after day, Mr. Holmes, and on Saturday the manager came in and planked down four golden sovereigns fo
p." "What about the shotgun?" "It is less than two feet long. It could very well have fitted into his valise. He could have carried it inside 
odolphin Street." "What happened there, madam?" "I tapped at the door as agreed. Lucas opened it. I followed him into his room, leaving the hall door ajar behind me, for I feared to be alo
n." So saying I raised my hat and went upon my way, leaving them still seated behind that concealing hedge. I looked back as I rounded the far end of it, and saw that they were still talki
 and nobleness of mind; Laid open all your victories in Scotland, Your discipline in war, wisdom in peace, Your bounty, virtue, fair humility; Inde
aesar will not come. DECIUS. Most mighty Caesar, let me know some cause, Lest I be laugh'd at when I tell them so. CAESAR. The cause is in 
E OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE 1. Marseilles. A street Enter HELENA, WIDOW, and DIANA, with two ATTENDANTS HELENA. But this exceeding posting day and night Must wear 
p the very life Of my dear friend. What should I say, sweet lady? I was enforc'd to send it after him; I was bese
de a groan of her last breath, and now she sings in heaven. FIRST LORD. How is this justified? SECOND LORD. The stronger part of it by her own letters, which makes her story true even 
 these gloves, then, 'twas he. NYM. Be avis'd, sir, and pass good humours; I will say 'marry trap' with you, if you run the nuthook's humour on me; that is the very no
prudence in allowing this brute to trace her. And now, Watson, we shall order breakfast, and afterwards I shall walk down to Doctors' Commons, where I hope t
 so, or it may not, Mr. Holmes," said he, "but if you are so very sharp you ought to be sharp enough to know that it is you who are breaking the law 
and me; Because that I am little, like an ape, He thinks that you should bear me on your shoulders. BUCKINGHAM. With what a sharp-provided wit he reasons! To 
or, whilst our pinnace anchors in the Downs, Here shall they make their ransom on the sand, Or with their blood stain this discoloured shore. Master, this p
ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Wherefore? For my dinner; I have not din'd to-day. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. [Within] Nor to-day here you must not; com
 the unfortunate doctor was in the last stage of indecision, from which he was rescued by the deep, sonorous voice of the red-bearded Duke, which boomed out
to regions of high international politics. But if you consider the European situation you will have no difficulty in perceiving the motive. The whole of Europe i
aul Kratides, from Athens, who is unable to speak English, will be rewarded. A similar reward paid to any one giving information about a Greek lady whose first name is Sophy. X 2473. "T
s a very opal. I would have men of such constancy put to sea, that their business might be everything, and their intent e
 the gas-pipes. This one covered, as a matter of fact, the T joint which gives off the pipe which supplies the kitchen underneath. Out of this hiding-place he drew that little cylinder
teach you to insult an honest girl!' He was so hot that I think he would have thrashed Drebber with his cudgel, only that the cur staggered away down the road as fast as his legs would carry him. He 
our house in Baker Street while we had been talking. Holmes ascended the stair first, and as he opened the door of our room he gave a 
time of the day, Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself a fair hot wench in fl
hearted employers, and the three noble avengers had hurried off into the mountains where unbroken nature comes down to the very edge of the f
 hath been long studying at Rheims; as cunning in Greek, Latin, and other languages, as the other in music and mathematics. His name is Cambio. Pray accept h
 facts over in my mid, Mr, Tregennis, and should anything occur to me I will certainly ommunicate with you and the vicar. In the meantime I wish you both good-mor
 know the King Knows at what time to promise, when to pay. My father and my uncle and myself Did give him that same royalty he wears; 
at I had any friend would be a man for my sake! But manhood is melted into cursies, valour into compliment, and men are only turn'd into tongue, and trim ones too. He is now as valiant as Hercules
ardolph! POINS. Come, you virtuous ass, you bashful fool, must you be blushing? Wherefore blush you now? What a maide
ish a thing is avarice. The mere feeling of possession has been so dear to me that I could not bear to share it with another. See that chaplet dipped wit
"Couldn't read or write," said Carruthers. "So you came over, the two of you, and hunted up the girl. The idea was that one of you was to marry her and t
ange, As I'll my self disgrace, knowing thy will, I will acquaintance strangle and look strange: Be absent from thy walks and in my tongue, Thy sw
 be used in evidence. But if you think that he has acted from motives which are not criminal, and which he would wish to have 
with injected ether, and with every device that science could suggest, some flutter of life, some quiver of t
the rate of thirty thousand. MOWBRAY. The just proportion that we gave them out. Let us sway on and face them in the field. Enter WESTMORELAND ARCHBISHOP. What 
hand was robbed and ta'en away. KING JOHN. That villain Hubert told me he did live. BASTARD. So, on my soul, he did, for aught he knew. But wherefore do you dr
e. Barrymore's only indication had been that the stranger lived in one of these abandoned huts, and many hundreds of them are scattered throughout the length and breadth of the m
 You may so in the end. My mother told me just how he would woo, As if she sat in's heart; she says all men Have the like oaths. He had sworn to marry 
uldst attempt it. Come now, keep thine oath; Now be a freeman, and with this good sword, That ran through Caesar's bowels, search this bosom. Stand not to answer: here, take thou th
as a bit gruff in my manner there was not any harm meant, and that I am much obliged to him for picking up my books." "You make too much of a trifle," said I. 
lso," said Holmes, "that someone is not ill-disposed towards you, since they warn you of danger." "Or it may be that they wish, for their own p
lle St. Clair, which lay uncovered as the tide receded. And what do you think they found in the pockets?" "I cannot imagine." "No, I don't think you would guess. Every pocket stuffed with pennie
m. The assassin convinced them that any attempt to arrest him would lead to the publication of some hideous scandal. They were converted to this idea, and preferred to let him go. For this purpose
logue of Sherlock Holmes It was nine o'clock at night upon the second of August--the most terrible August in the history of
. [within] Lead, boy. Which way? Yea, noise? Then I'll be brief. O happy dagger! [Snatches Romeo's dagger.] This is thy sheath; there rest, and let me d
ld thee, there's my purse. I give thee not this to suggest thee from thy master thou talk'st of; serve him still. CLOWN. I am a woodland fellow, sir, that always loved a great fire; and the master
e out at the chimney. ORLANDO. A man that had a wife with such a wit, he might say 'Wit, whither wilt?' ROSALIND. Nay, you might keep that check for it, till you met your
 for ever, We'll ne'er come there again.' KING. Make choice and see: Who shuns thy love shuns all his love in me. HELENA. Now, Dian, from thy altar do I fly, And
 the south of England. He was ready enough to join the conspiracy, as the only means of saving ourselves, and before we had crossed the Bay there were only two of the prisoners who were n
 my love, or thy dear merit? Nothing sweet boy, but yet like prayers divine, I must each day say o'er the very same, Counting no old thing old, thou mine, I thine, Even
. O, brave! Re-enter one with the heads CADE. But is not this braver? Let them kiss one another, for they lov'd well when they were alive. Now part them again, lest they consult about the giving up
 "Now, Doctor," turning to me, "are those ordinary pills?" They certainly were not. They were of a pearly grey colour, small, round, and almost transparent against the
red eyelashes, "the true believers have been good friends to you. We picked you up when you were starving in the desert, we shared our food with you, led you safe to the Chosen Valley, 
N. Are they returned to the court? THIRD GENTLEMAN. No. The Princess hearing of her mother's statue, which is in the keeping of Paulina- a piece many years in doing a
er, so that the skin hung about his face in loose pouches, like the cheeks of a blood-hound. He was of a sickly color, and his thin, sandy hair seemed to bristle up wi
s of art in the howling desert of South London." We were all astonished by the appearance of the apartment into which he invited us. In that sorry
Presents more woeful pageants than the scene Wherein we play in. JAQUES. All the world's a stage, And all the men 
riest to meddle or make. You may be gone; it is not good you tarry here. By gar, I will cut all his two stones; by gar, he shall not have a stone to throw at his dog. Exit SIMP
AT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. SCENE 1. Paris. The KING'S palace Flourish of cornets. Enter the KING with div
nd me! You may so in the end. My mother told me just how he would woo, As if she sat in's heart; she says all men Have the like oaths. He had sworn to marry me When his wife's dead;
ing love himself." "It was only a joke at first," groaned our visitor. "We never thought that she would have been so carried away." "Very likely not. However that may be, the young lady wa
nd we saw with horror that they were all mottled with bruises. "But this is nothing--nothing! It is my mind and soul
 his professor, I followed every step of that remarkable research. The window, the curtains, the carpet, the chair, the rope--each in turn was minutely e
ECOND LORD. Well, my lord. Exeunt SCENE III. Britain. CYMBELINE'S palace Enter IMOGEN and PISANIO IMOGEN. I would thou grew'st unto the shores o' th' haven, An
e, therefore, seemed that glimpse of the prison or the gallows which had risen before him the night before. "Do you reckon he knows muc
een here a month now. I lived in that farm, where I had a room down below, and could get in and out every night, and no one the wiser. I tried all I could to coax Elsie away. I knew that she rea
l Priam's sons; And Jove forbid there should be done amongst us Such things as might offend the weakest spleen To fight for and maintain. PARIS. Else might the world convince of levity As 
d Gardens, Kensington. The latter was known to be in town on Monday and is now reported as having left. Glad to hear you have seen some light. The Cabinet awaits your final report with the utm
e little thought of this when he made that random shot. "May I ask, my lad," I said, in the blandest voice, "what your trade may be?" "Commissionaire, sir," he said, gruffly. "Uniform away
 hear his learning. HOLOFERNES. Quis, quis, thou consonant? MOTH. The third of the five vowels, if You repeat them; or the fifth, if 
e, all those his lands Which he stood seiz'd of, to the conqueror; Against the which a moiety competent Was gaged by our king; which had return'd To the inheritance of
tonishment, and on joining him they were affected in the same way by the sight which met their eyes. On the little plateau which crowned the 
 King but great York's heir? Then tell me what makes he upon the seas. STANLEY. Unless for that, my liege, I cannot guess. KING RICHARD. Unles
od a commander with so slight, so drunken, and so indiscreet an officer. Drunk? and speak parrot? and squabble? swagger? swear? and discourse fustian with one's own shadow? O thou
nfernal deep, with Erebus and tortures vile also. Hold hook and line, say I. Down, down, dogs! down, faitors! Have we not Hiren here? HOS
ere no military policy how virgins might blow up men? PAROLLES. Virginity being blown down, man will quicklier be blown up; marry, in blowi
But you have power in me as in a kinsman. YORK. I pray you, uncle, give me this dagger. GLOUCESTER. My dagger, little cousin? With all my heart! PRI
 pray thee speak in sober judgment. Bene. Why, i' faith, methinks she's too low for a high praise, too brown for a fair pr
now--" He shrugged his shoulders in humorous deprecation of the state of things which he had himself done so much to produce. At the time of which I speak Holmes had been back 
SYRACUSE. There's none but witches do inhabit here, And therefore 'tis high time that I were hence. She that doth call me husband, even my soul Doth for a wife abhor. But her fair sister, Possess'd w
of that! Away! Do as I bid you.- Where's this cup I call'd for? MENAS. [Aside to POMPEY] If for the sake of merit thou wilt hear me, Rise from thy stool. POMPEY. [As
u. BASSANIO. Madam, you have bereft me of all words; Only my blood speaks to you in my veins; And there is such confusion in my powers As, after some
he interviewed his two subordinates, Manders and Reilly, reckless youngsters who were as elated as if it were a deer-hunt. Two nights later they met
rms around him. "Oh, Jack, how brave you were! But it is no use, you must fly! To-night--Jack--to-night! It's your only hope. He will
my brow; There would he anchor his aspect and die With looking on his life. Enter ALEXAS ALEXAS. Sovereign of Egypt, hail! CLEOPATRA. How much unlike art thou Mark Antony! Yet, com
lns i' th' palm, incurable bone-ache, and the rivelled fee- simple of the tetter, take and take again such preposterous discoveries! PATROCLUS. Why, tho
s and capable criminal in Europe." I shall be brief, and yet exact, in the little which remains for me to tell. It is not a subject on which I 
o prepare to meet him at the gates, There to give up their pow'r. If you can, pace your wisdom In that good path that I would wish it go, And you shall have your bosom on this wretch, Grace of the 
dio; and bring them to see this the very night before the intended wedding (for in the meantime I will so fashion the matter that Her
ell asleep, As Cerberus at the Thracian poet's feet. Come, let us go, and make thy father blind, For such a sight will blind a father's eye; One hour's storm will drown the fragrant mead
s a medical man but as a trustee and executor of Sir Charles's will." "There is no other claimant, I presume?" "None. The only other kinsma
y her. Dog. O villain! thou wilt be condemn'd into everlasting redemption for this. Sex. What else? Watchmen. This is all. Sex. And this is more, masters, tha
ment, May fall to match you with her country forms, And happily repent. OTHELLO. Farewell, farewell. If more thou dost perceive, let me know m
r your roof, and I feel that I must leave you forever. Do not worry about my future, for that is provided for; and, above all, do not search for me, for it wil
task. "All would now have been well for them had it not been for my knowledge of what they had done. I have no doubt that there were times when my life hun
let higher Italy- Those bated that inherit but the fall Of the last monarchy-see that you come Not to woo honour, but to wed it; when The bravest questant shrinks, find what you
if you faint, as fearing to do so, Stay and be secret, and myself will go. ROSS. To horse, to horse! Urge doubts to 
f years Should be to be protected like a child. God and King Henry govern England's realm! Give up your staff, sir, and the King his realm. GLOUCESTER. My staff! Here, noble Henry, is my staff. As wi
ll, that's reasonable enough," said Lestrade. "Nothing further you have to say, Mr. Holmes, before we go?" Holmes had picked up the powerfu
s pleas'd, Was once superfluous: you were crown'd before, And that high royalty was ne'er pluck'd off, The faiths of men ne'er stained with revolt; Fresh expectat
r is from you, in which you made an appointment with me for six o'clock?" "Yes, sir. I am afraid that I am a little late, but I am not quite my own master, you know. I am sorry
way! No time shall be omitted That will betime, and may by us be fitted. BEROWNE. Allons! allons! Sow'd c
, revolver-cartridges, and other debris was scattered over it. In the midst of these was a small black and white ivory box with a sliding lid. It was a neat little thing, and I had stretched out
n, answered by a little ripple of feminine laughter. An instant later I had come round the end of the hedge and my eyes lit upon Mrs. Douglas and the man Barker before they were
is organized and carried out. The agent may be caught. In that case money is found for his bail or his defence. But the central power 
, wherein he was worthy, nor his offenses enforced, for which he suffered death. Enter Antony and others, with Caesar's body. Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, wh
rn faith, peace, amity, true love, Between our kingdoms and our royal selves; And even before this truce, but new before, No longer
 of it," I answered. "The cases which come to light in the papers are, as a rule, bald enough, and vulgar enough. We have in our police reports realism pushed to 
bers of the official force, and Mr. Sherlock Holmes, the well-known consulting expert, have each come to the conclusion that the grotesque series of incidents, which have ended in so tragic a fashion
 jaw, I'd ha' known you without a question. Ah, you're one that has wasted your gifts, you have! You might have aimed high, if you had joined the fancy." "You see,
e. Another with his finger and his thumb Cried 'Via! we will do't, come what will come.' The third he caper'd, and cried 'All goes well.' The fourth turn'd on the 
e room, Sir Henry and Stapleton. They sat with their profiles towards me on either side of the round table. Both of them were smoking cigars, and coffee and wine were in front of 
if we haply scape- As well we may, if not through your neglect- We shall to London get, where you are lov'd, And where this breach now in our fortunes made May readily be stopp'd. Re-ent
ty, or, by'r Lady, inclining to threescore; and now I remember me, his name is Falstaff. If that man should be lewdly, given, he deceiveth me; for, Harry, I see virtue in his looks. If th
hang themselves. Physic for't there's none; It is a bawdy planet, that will strike Where 'tis predominant; and 'tis pow'rfull, think it, 
s of success. SERVANT. I will, my lord. Exit. Enter Calpurnia. CALPURNIA. What mean you, Caesar? Think you to walk forth? You shall not stir out of your house today. CAESAR. Caesar shall forth: the 
 drink that for me. [Throws him his purse] PURSUIVANT. I thank your honour. Exit Enter a PRIEST PRIEST.
 contents. These were all factors which had to be taken into consideration, and yet none of them got quite to the heart of the matter. What wa
e has knowledge. Palmer and Pritchard were among the heads of their profession. This man strikes even deeper, but I think, Watson, that we shall be able to strike deeper still. B
ber, as it seem'd, had done't. Their hands and faces were all badged with blood; So were their daggers, which unwiped we found Upon their pillows. They stared, and were distracted; no 
 Cor. Will't please your Highness walk? Lear. You must bear with me. Pray you now, forget and forgive. I am old and foolish. Exeunt. Manent Kent and Gentleman. Gent. Holds it true, sir, 
MADO. 'Thus dost thou hear the Nemean lion roar 'Gainst thee, thou lamb, that standest as his prey; Submissive fall his princely feet before, And he from forage will incline to p
h fall'n by prompture of the blood, Yet hath he in him such a mind of honour That, had he twenty heads to tender down On twenty
nce, being not like the Duke. Withal I did infer your lineaments, Being the right idea of your father, Both in your form and nobleness of mind; Laid open all your victor
d when he look'd upon the Tower, As loath to bear me to the slaughter-house. O, now I need the priest that spake to me! I now repent I told the pursuivant, As too triumphing, how mine enemies To-day
t your legs should do it. ROSALINE. Since you are strangers, and come here by chance, We'll not be nice; take hands. We will not dance. KING. Why take we hands the
ou, for since the lady has come to herself she has given so clear an account of the affair that there is not much left for us to do. You remember that Lewisham gang of 
bes, Thinking to bar thee of succession as Thou refts me of my lands. Euriphile, Thou wast their nurse; they took thee for their mother, And every day do honour to her grave. My
 That young Prince Edward marries Warwick's daughter. CLARENCE. Belike the elder; Clarence will have the younger. Now, brother king, farewell, and sit you fast, For I will hence to
side, and was noted for the leniency of his sentences from the bench. "One evening, shortly after my arrival, we were sitting over a glass of port after dinner, when young Trevor 
inced of it," I answered. "The cases which come to light in the papers are, as a rule, bald enough, and vulgar enough. We have in our police reports realism pushed to its extreme limits, and ye
ng of snow, Standing before the sun of Bolingbroke To melt myself away in water drops! Good king, great king, and yet not greatly good, An if my word be sterling yet in England, Let it
isn't Jack Knox of Ironhill that you are after. I'd go some way to see him get his deserts." "No, it's not him yet." "Or Herman Strauss?" "No, nor him e
 do not know from what part of the world I should be greeted, if not from Lord Hamlet. Enter Sailors. Sailor
, Hast thou not spoke like thunder on my side, Been sworn my soldier, bidding me depend Upon thy stars, thy fortune, and thy stren
 our sea-sorrow. Here in this island we arriv'd; and here Have I, thy schoolmaster, made thee more profit Than other princess' can, that have more time For vainer hours, and t
s not incensed by his subtle mother To taunt and scorn you thus opprobriously? GLOUCESTER. No doubt, no doubt. O,
t her flat, grizzled hair, her trim cap, her little gilt earrings, her placid features; but I could see nothing which could account for my comp
in still, And in abundance addeth to his store, So thou being rich in will add to thy will One will of mine to make thy large will 
stcoat, put on a large blue dressing-gown, and then wandered about the room collecting pillows from his bed and cushions from the sofa and armchairs. 
she list. You are a young huntsman, Marcus; let alone; And come, I will go get a leaf of brass, And with a gad of steel will write these words, And lay it 
thin this hour at Baynard's Castle. Exeunt all but GLOUCESTER Now will I go to take some privy order To draw the brats of Clarence out of sight, And to give order t
 Jabez Wilson here has been good enough to call upon me this morning, and to begin a narrative which promises to be one of the most singular which I have listened to for s
hing dangerous, Which let thy wisdom fear. Hold off thy hand! King. Pluck thein asunder. Queen. Hamlet, Hamlet! All. Gentl
 The brightest heaven of invention, A kingdom for a stage, princes to act, And monarchs to behold the swelling scene! Then should the warlike Harry, like himself, A
the KING and EXETER KING HENRY. Here at the palace will I rest a while. Cousin of Exeter, what thinks your lordship? Methinks the power that Edward hath in field Should no
bed. Some time later Garcia looked in at my door--the room was dark at the time--and asked me if I had rung. I said that I had not. He apologized for having disturbed
e them weep and wail; For, with throwing thus my head, Dogs leap the hatch, and all are fled. Do de, de, de. Sessa! Come, march to
s complexion; and faster than his tongue Did make offence, his eye did heal it up. He is not very tall; yet for his years he's tall; His leg is but so-so; and yet 'tis well. There w
and we were able to look after his wants. You would, naturally, wish to have more company, and so you will need changes in your household." "Do you mean that your wife and you wish
hat certain he would fight ye, From morn till night out of his pavilion. I am that flower- DUMAIN. That mint. LONGAVILLE. That columbine. ARMADO. Sweet
me that on the inside of your left shoe, just where the firelight strikes it, the leather is scored by six almost parallel cuts. Obviously they have been caused by someone who has very c
place and means for every man alive. I'll after them. Exit ACT IV SCENE 4. The WIDOW'S house Enter HELENA, WIDOW, and DIANA HELENA. Th
g Regent I' th' parts of France, till term of eighteen months Be full expir'd. Thanks, uncle Winchester, Gloucester, York, 
llanous abominable misleader of youth, Falstaff, that old white-bearded Satan. Fal. My lord, the man I know. Prince. I know thou dost. Fal
joining to the city Shall stay with us- Order for sea is given; They have put forth the haven- Where their appointment we may best discover And look on their endeavour. Exeunt ACT_4|SC_1
ore gold. Do you damn others, and let this damn you, And ditches grave you all! PHRYNIA AND TIMANDRA. More counsel with more money, bounteous Timon. TIMON. More whore,
hee did give, That due of many, now is thine alone. Their images I loved, I view in thee, And thou (all they) hast all the all of me. 32 If thou survive m
irty-nine, with such skill that nobody can find them, and then returned with the other thirty-six into the room in which he exposed himself to the greatest danger of being 
r words are done, My woes end likewise with the evening sun. DUKE. Well, Syracusian, say in brief the cause Why thou departed'st from thy native home, And for what cause thou cam'st to Eph
You saw the ventilator, too?" "Yes, but I do not think that it is such a very unusual thing to have a small opening between two rooms. It was so small that a rat could hardly pass through." "I 
ough you lay here in this goodly chamber, Yet would you say ye were beaten out of door; And rail upon the hostess of the house, And say y
ubstance, you would, sure, deceive it And make it but a shadow, as I am. SILVIA. I am very loath to be your idol, sir; But since your falsehood shall become you well To worsh
nd; will you troll the catch You taught me but while-ere? STEPHANO. At thy request, monster, I will do reason, any reason. Co
 will be with us before we have finished our breakfast." It was between eight and nine o'clock now, and I was conscious of a strong reaction after the successive excitements of the night. I was li
 elderly man, who gave the name of Professor Coram. He was an invalid, keeping his bed half the time, and the other half hobbling round the house with a stick or being pushed about the g
 her? FIRST LORD. With all my heart, my lord. Exeunt ACT III. SCENE 7. Florence. The WIDOW'S house Enter HELENA and WIDOW HELENA. If you misdoub
 stood within the blank of his displeasure For my free speech! You must awhile be patient. What I can do I will; and more I will Than for myself I dare. Let that suffice you. IAGO. Is my lord angry?
 made great Jove to humble him to her hand, When with his knees he kiss'd the Cretan strand. TRANIO. Saw you no more? Mark'd you not how her sister Be
 master Jew's? LAUNCELOT. [Aside] O heavens! This is my true-begotten father, who, being more than sand-blind, high-gravel blind, knows me not. I will try con
ve thy father lies; Of his bones are coral made; Those are pearls that were his eyes; Nothing of him that doth fade But doth suffer a sea-change Into something rich and strange. Sea-n
ents Belonging to his honour; and this man Hath, for a few light crowns, lightly conspir'd, And sworn unto the practices of France To kill us here in Hampton; to the which This knight, no less for 
race That the malevolence of fortune nothing Takes from his high respect. Thither Macduff Is gone to pray the holy King, upon his aid To wake Northumberland and warlike Siward; That by the help
rot with ne'er a tooth in her head, though she has as many diseases as two and fifty horses. Why, nothing comes amiss, so money comes withal. HORTENSIO. Petruchio, since we a
to have to say these things, but you leave me no choice." I was bitterly hurt. "Such a remark is unworthy of you, Holmes. It shows me very clearly the state of your own 
And fortune led you well. You have the captives Who were the opposites of this day's strife. We do require them of you, so to use them As we
e: My vow was earthly, thou a heavenly love; Thy grace being gain'd cures all disgrace in me. Vows are but breath, and breath a vapour is; Then thou, fair sun, which on my earth dost shine, Exh
s his, your case is such. You chide at him, offending twice as much: You do not love Maria! Longaville Did never sonnet for her sake compile; Nor never l
e last night Mrs. Hudson, our landlady, brought up a message that a gentleman wished to see Holmes, and that the matter was of the utmost importance. Close at the heels of his messeng
"I cannot believe my eyes!" He ran wildly to the door. "Where is my wife? I must tell her that all is well. Hilda! Hilda!" we heard his voice 
 I read it." "Surely there is another alternative, Mr. Holmes. I don't know whether you observed my bedroom window?" "Lattice-paned, lead framework, three separate windows, on
n I had joined him there that I heard what had alarmed his quicker senses. There was a noise somewhere within the house. A door slammed in the distance. Then a confused, du
l I, Where money is; and I no question make To have it of my trust or for my sake. Exeunt SCENE II. Belmont. PORTIA'S house Enter PORTIA with her waiting-woman, NERISSA PORTIA. By my troth, Nerissa, 
e in this bog in which we are floundering. We know now why Stapleton looked with disfavour upon his sister's suitor--even when that suitor was so eligible a one as Sir H
 enough." "A medical student, I suppose?" said I. "No--I have no idea what he intends to go in for. I believe he is well up in anatomy, and he is a f
ether, Weigh'd not a hair of his. Plague of your policy! You sent me deputy for Ireland; Far from his succour, from the King, from all That might have mercy on t
he slaughter is Here made by th' Roman; great the answer be Britons must take. For me, my ransom's death; On either side I come to spend my breath, Which neither here I'll
ship was splitted in the midst; So that, in this unjust divorce of us, Fortune had left to both of us alike What to delight in, what to sorrow for. Her part, poor soul, seeming as burdened W
 shows, Yet gives he not till judgment guide his bounty, Nor dignifies an impair thought with breath; Manly as Hector, but more dangerous; For Hector in his blaze
way to my desk and plunged furiously into the latest treatise upon pathology. What was I, an army surgeon with a weak leg and a weaker banking-account, that I should da
ounty Paris Thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself, Then is it likely thou wilt undertake A thing like death to chide away this shame, That cop'st with death himself to scape from it
se occupation has gone. With that man in the field one's morning paper presented infinite possibilities. Often it was only the smallest trace, Watson, the faintest indication, and yet it was
atter by remembering that a farmer of that name lived some miles off in the direction of East Ruston. "Is it a lonely farm?" "Very lonely, sir." "Perhaps they have
 man. "Anything good?" he asked. "The biggest thing for years," said Holmes. "We have two hours before we need think of starting. I think we might employ it in getting s
er, Our steed the leg, the tongue our trumpeter, With other muniments and petty helps Is this our fabric, if that they- MENENIUS. What then? Fore me, this fell
 jumped in before he could object. 'The Church of St. Monica,' said I, 'and half a sovereign if you reach it in twenty minutes.' It was twenty
I am in So far in blood that sin will pluck on sin. Tear-falling pity dwells not in this eye. Re-enter PAGE, with TYRREL Is thy name Tyrrel? TYRREL
in at all. Still, of course, I never dared to leave the room for an instant, for I was not sure when he might come, and the billet was such a good one, and suited me so well, tha
ch a fellow. You will need your handcuffs, inspector. You can leave the talking to me." We waited in silence for a minute--one of those minutes which one can never forget. Then the doo
ou had been down to the office. There was no getting away from you. Let's hear the worst. What are you going to do with me? Arrest me? Speak out, man! You can't sit there and play with m
counter the house? My niece is desirous you should enter, if your trade be to her. VIOLA. I am bound to your niece, sir; I mean, she is the list of my voyage. SIR TOBY. Taste your legs, sir; pu
 air; my other elements I give to baser life. So, have you done? Come then, and take the last warmth of my lips. Farewell, kind Charmian. Iras, long farewell. [Kisses them. IRAS falls and dies] Hav
ow; Thyself and office deftly show! Thunder. First Apparition: an armed Head. MACBETH. Tell me, thou unknown power- FIRST WITCH. He knows thy thought: Hear his speech, but say thou nought. FIRST 
 of lath and drive all thy subjects afore thee like a flock of wild geese, I'll never wear hair on my face more. You Prince of Wales? Prince. Why,
u villain! DROMIO OF EPHESUS. I mean not cuckold-mad; But, sure, he is stark mad. When I desir'd him to come home to dinner, He ask'd me for a thousand marks in gold. "Tis dinner time
 know your mother means to feast with me, And calls herself Revenge, and thinks me mad. Hark, villains! I will grind your bones to dust, And with your blood
which, indeed, Is valour misbegot, and came into the world When sects and factions were newly born. He's truly valiant that can wisely suffer The worst that man can breathe, And ma
e now had here But one ten thousand of those men in England That do no work to-day! KING. What's he that wishes so? My cousin Westmoreland? No, my fair cousin; If we are mark'd to die
d to lie in wait; so I got out my revolver and I sat up in my study, which overlooks the lawn and garden. About two in the morning I was seated by the window, all being dark save for the moonlight ou
NDARUS. So, I am free, yet would not so have been, Durst I have done my will. O Cassius! Far from this country Pindarus shall run, Where never Roman shall take note of him. Exit. 
 youth, The serpent that did sting thy father's life Now wears his crown. Ham. O my prophetic soul! My uncle? Ghost. Ay, that incestuous, that adulterate beas
e strong-wing'd Mercury should fetch thee up, And set thee by Jove's side. Yet come a little. Wishers were ever fools. O come, come, [They heave ANTONY aloft 
m." "What sort of men?" "Well, they were a mighty hard-looking crowd. They came up to the claim and wanted to know where he was. I told them that he was gone to Europe and that I did 
 my belief that she died of pure fear and nervous shock, though what it was that frightened her I cannot imagine." "Were there gipsies in the plantation at the time?" "Yes, there are nea
Or I, whate'er it be, What pain it cost, what danger! Gods! BELARIUS. [Whispering] Hark, boys. IMOGEN. [Aside] Great men, That had a court no bigger than this cave, That did attend themselves
old Than thee with wantonness. Now doth thy honour stand, In him that was of late an heretic, As firm as faith. PAGE. 'Tis well, 'tis well; no more. Be not
honour wins bad humours. Exeunt all but BOY BOY. As young as I am, I have observ'd these three swashers. I am boy to them all three; but all they thr
 you to your meditations How to live better. For your stubborn answer About the giving back the great seal to us, The King shall know it, and, no doubt, shall than
y their bail. CLIFFORD. Health and all happiness to my lord the King! [Kneels] YORK. I thank thee, Clifford. Say, what news with thee? Nay, do not fright us with an angry look. 
s spritely, waking, audible, and full of vent. Peace is a very apoplexy, lethargy; mull'd, deaf, sleepy, insensible; a getter of more bastard children than war's a destroyer of m
e him of this evil- But, hark! What noise? A cry within, "Help, help!" Re-enter Cassio, driving in Roderigo. CASSIO. 'Zounds! You rogue! You ras
y upon my ear. I glanced down. They could only have come from the old man at my side, and yet he sat now as absorbed as ever, very thin, very wrinkled, bent with age, an opium pipe dangling down fro
now To be thy lord and master. Seek the King; That sun, I pray, may never set! I have told him What and how true thou art. He will advance thee; Some little memory of me will stir him- I know 
ow like chanticleer That fools should be so deep contemplative; And I did laugh sans intermission An hour by his dial. O noble fool! A worthy fool! Motley's the only wear. DUKE
nsiderable extent. I have eight or ten similar cases maturing. If it was circulated among them that I had made a severe example of the Lady Eva I should find all of them much more open to
e a Juliet, Displant a town, reverse a prince's doom, It helps not, it prevails not. Talk no more. Friar. O, then I see that madmen have no ears. Rom. How should they, when that wise men hav
I had just come. I turned to thank my preserver, who stood beside me in the roadway. "Well, Watson," said he, "a very pretty hash you have made of it! I rather think you had better come back with me 
was outside, I was glad within--so glad that I could have shouted out from pure exultation. If any of you gentlemen have ever pined for a thing, and longed for it during twenty lo
s, monstrous! And so falls it out With Rivers, Vaughan, Grey; and so 'twill do With some men else that think themselves as safe As thou and I, who, as thou knowest, a
 shall we go and kill us venison? And yet it irks me the poor dappled fools, Being native burghers of this desert city, Should, in their own confines, with forked heads Have their round ha
ed the title of one of them, The Origin of Tree Worship, and it struck me that the fellow must be some poor bibliophile who, either as a trade or as a hobby, was a collector of obscure volumes.
n the roadway. No, we are on the true scent now." It tended down towards the river-side, running through Belmont Place and Prince's Street. At the end of Broad Street it ran right down
 empty hazelnut, Made by the joiner squirrel or old grub, Time out o' mind the fairies' coachmakers. And in this state she 'gallops night by night Through lovers'
 escorted me here. I gave the maid a card, but I see that she has left it upon the side-table." I took it up and glanced at it. "Mr. Victor Hatherley, hydraulic engineer, 16A, Victoria S
of mine order, I warrant you, if my instructions may be your guide. Let this Barnardine be this morning executed, and his head borne to Angelo. PROVOST. Angelo
ur country." "Why do you not solve it yourself, Mycroft? You can see as far as I." "Possibly, Sherlock. But it is a question of getting details. Give me your detail
gnation at the way in which he was received by the more turbulent of our people. You felt so strongly about it that I knew you could not think of Beecher without thinking of that also. When a mome
DEMETRIUS. No, no, he will Seem to break loose- take on as you would follow, But yet come not. You are a tame man; go! LYSANDER. Hang off, thou cat, thou bu
. I Will something affect the letter, for it argues facility. The preyful Princess pierc'd and prick'd a pretty pleasing pricket. Some say a sore; but not a sore till now made sore with sho
Why, bless you, Mrs. Warren, if I were your lodger you often would not see me for weeks on end." "No doubt, sir; but this is different. It frightens me, Mr. Holmes. I can't sleep for fright. 
to the hands of one that loves you not; To trust the opportunity of night, And the ill counsel of a desert place, With the rich worth of your virginity. HELENA. Your virtue is my pr
pon these years That you are now a maid. Thus then in brief: The valiant Paris seeks you for his love. Nurse. A man, young lady! lady, such a man As all the world- why he's a man of wax. Wife. 
 this piteous action you convert My stern effects. Then what I have to do Will want true colour- tears perchance for blood. Queen. To whom do you speak this? Ham. Do you see nothing there? Quee
ve way: he shall to th' market-place. BRUTUS. The people are incens'd against him. SICINIUS. Stop, Or all will fall in broil. CORIOLANUS. Are these your herd? Must these have voices, that can yiel
od deed in all my life I did, I do repent it from my very soul. LUCIUS. Some loving friends convey the Emperor hence, And give him burial in his father's grave. My father and Lavinia s
hily, then happily in Padua. GRUMIO. Nay, look you, sir, he tells you flatly what his mind is. Why, give him gold enough and marry him to a puppet or an aglet-baby, or an old trot w
 do, fillip me with a three-man beetle. A man can no more separate age and covetousness than 'a can part young limbs and lechery; but the gout galls the one, and the pox pinches the other; and so 
 hath sent to him; the hour is fix'd; the match is made. Would any man have thought this? See the hell of having a false woman! My bed shall be abus'd, my coffers ransack'd, my reputation 
art only mark'd For the hot vengeance and the rod of heaven To punish my mistreadings. Tell me else, Could such inordinate and low desires, Such poor, such bare, such lewd, such mean attempts, 
 in the light of the window and examined them minutely. "Very strange indeed!" Stooping with one of his quick feline pounces, he placed the slipper upon the blood mark on the sill. It exactly 
 serpents, have Edge, sting, or operation, I am safe. Your wife Octavia, with her modest eyes And still conclusion, shall acquire no honour Demuring upon me. But come, come, Antony- Help me, my 
d holy, chosen from above By inspiration of celestial grace, To work exceeding miracles on earth. I never had to do with wicked spirits. But you, that are polluted with your lusts, Stain'd with 
n everything was fixed, he rang the bell for all he was worth. What happened afterward you know. And so, gentlemen, you can do what you please; but I've told you the truth and the whole truth, so h
e and offer'd light. Come. TIMON. [Aside] I'll meet you at the turn. What a god's gold, That he is worshipp'd in a baser temple Than where swine feed! 'Tis thou that rig'st the bark and plough'st the
n this extraordinary case, which was the one topic of conversation through the length and breadth of England. For a whole day my companion had rambled about the room with his chin upon his ches
ross if I did bear you; for I think you have no money in your purse. ROSALIND. Well,. this is the Forest of Arden. TOUCHSTONE. Ay, now am I in Arden; the more fool I; when I was at home I was in a
ould give you thanks, And knows not how to do it but with tears. BASTARD. O, let us pay the time but needful woe, Since it hath been beforehand with our griefs. This England never did, nor never s
. I am on fire To hear this rich reprisal is so nigh, And yet not ours. Come, let me taste my horse, Who is to bear me like a thunderbolt Against the bosom of the Prince of Wales. Harry to Harry s
 CAMILLO] I'll hear you by and by. CAMILLO. He's irremovable, Resolv'd for flight. Now were I happy if His going I could frame to serve my turn, Save him from da
 It was a mark of wonder. BELARIUS. This is he, Who hath upon him still that natural stamp. It was wise nature's end in the donation, To be his evidence now. CYMBELINE. 
 appoint? EVANS. As I am a Christians soul, now, look you, this is the place appointed. I'll be judgment by mine host of the Garter. HOST. Peace, I say, Gallia and Gaul, French and Welsh, sou
 it was thirty seconds before I was in the room." "Was the door open?" "Yes, it was open. Poor Douglas was lying as you see him. His bedroom candle was burn
 much unlook'd for is this expedition! AUSTRIA. By how much unexpected, by so much We must awake endeavour for de
 of the nine days out of the wonder before you came; for look here what I found on a palm-tree. I was ne
 rascal hath good metal in him; he will not run. Prince. Why, what a rascal art thou then, to praise him so for running! Fal. A-
 volume from the shelf. "This is the first volume of a gazetteer which is now being published. It may 
? Laer. None but his enemies. King. Will you know them then? Laer. To his good friends thus wide I'll ope my arms And, like the kind life-rend'ring pelican, Repa
AX. No, yonder 'tis; There, where we see the lights. HECTOR. I trouble you. AJAX. No, not a whit. Re-enter ACHILLES ULYSSES. Here comes him
CLARENCE] Yea, is it so? I see the lady hath a thing to grant, Before the King will grant her humble suit. CLARENCE. [Aside to GLOUCESTER] He knows the gam
EMETRIUS. If thou hadst hands to help thee knit the cord. Exeunt DEMETRIUS and CHIRON Wind horns. Enter MARCUS, from hunting MARCUS. Who is this?- my niece, that flies away so fa
ERLAIN. Sir Thomas, Whither were you a-going? LOVELL. To the Cardinal's; Your lordship is a guest too. CHAMBERLAIN. O, 'tis true; This night he makes a supper, and a great one,
LENDER. Ay, sir, you shall find me reasonable; if it be so, I shall do that that is reason. SHALLOW. Nay, but understand me. SLENDER. So
MMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT I. SCENE I. London. An ante-chamber in the K
OSPERO. Be conected; No more amazement; tell your piteous heart There's no harm done. MIRANDA. O, woe the day! PROSPERO. No harm. I have done nothing but in care of thee, O
SCALUS. Look you, bring me in the names of some six or seven, the most sufficient of your parish. ELBOW. To your worship's house, sir? ESCALUS. To my house. Fare
e to be won, Beauteous thou art, therefore to be assailed. And when a woman woos, what woman's son, Will sourly leave her till he have prevailed? Ay me, but yet thou mig
entreat your captain To soft and gentle speech. ENOBARBUS. I shall entreat him To answer like himself. If C
hat the fiend was not dead, but sleeping; and I have known that the sleep was a light one and the waking near when in periods of idleness I h
ight of our dangerous neighbors across the stream. Every two hours the officer of the night used to come round to all the posts, to make sure that all was well. "The third night of my watch
ir dead masters, Killing them twice. O, give us leave, great King, To view the field in safety, and dispose Of their dead bodies! KING HENRY. I tell thee truly, herald, I know not if the
morrow, gentle lady. SILVIA. Good morrow, kind Sir Eglamour. Exeunt SCENE IV. Under SILVIA'S Window Enter LAUNCE with his dog LAUNCE. When a man's servant shall 
ou have got your man. When I add that he possesses a large and very blunt knife, you have an additional aid." Mr. Soames was somewhat overwhelmed by this flood of information. "I can follow the 
some to dance, some to make bonfires, each man to what sport and revels his addiction leads him; for besides these beneficial news, it is the celebration of his nuptial. So much was his pleasur
that she loved you, but there are women in whom the love of a lover extinguishes all other loves, and I think that she
upon them, close in swiftly. If they fire, Watson, have no compunction about shooting them down." I placed my revolver, cocked, upon the top of
. TIMON. If I name thee. I'll beat thee- but I should infect my hands. APEMANTUS. I would my tongue could rot them off! TIMON. Away, thou
y brother!' Husband win, win brother, Prays, and destroys the prayer; no mid-way 'Twixt these extremes at all. ANTONY. Gentle Octavia, Let you
y do you follow me? What do you want?" "We wish a statement, Mr. Scott Eccles, as to the events which let up to the death last night of Mr. Aloysius Garcia, of Wisteria Lodge
, it was the subject of my theme; In company, I often glanced it; Still did I tell him it was vile and bad. ABBESS. And thereof came it that the man was m
e married of him than of another; for he is not like to marry me well; and not being well married, it will be a good ex
d to her my kind commends; Take special care my greetings be delivered. YORK. A gentleman of mine I have dispatch'd With letters of your love to her at large. BO
n to one yesterday, but the price has become shorter and shorter, until you can hardly get three to one now." "
, we are spoil'd; and yonder he is! Deny him, forswear him, or else we are all undone. Exeunt BIONDELLO, TRANIO, and PEDANT, as fast as may be LUCENTIO. [Kneeling] Pardon, sweet 
te of the reticence of their guests, Scanlan and McMurdo were quite determined to be present at what they called "the fun." When, therefore, at an early hour
ne's nose stands i' th' middle on's face? Lear. No. Fool. Why, to keep one's eyes of either side's nose, that what a man cannot smell out, 'a may spy into. Lear. I did her wrong. Fool. Canst te
you have show'd to-day your valiant strain, And fortune led you well. You have the captives Who were the opposites of this day's strife. We do 
ered to say that a person desired to see me. To my astonishment it was none other than my strange old book-collector, his sharp, wizened face peering out from a fram
r. Holmes," he said. "If you can catch the man, catch him, and let me know when you have done it." "Certainly," said Holmes, stepping over and
cy at the business, and looked with deepest respect at the man who had the reputation of making what they called
nd he was entirely preoccupied in that which he was doing. When at last we reached the door and peeped through we found him crouching at 
ed is not easily daunted. The purest spring is not so free from mud As I am clear from treason to my sovereign. Who can accuse me? Wherein am I guilty? YORK. 'Tis thought, my lord, t
th shall stop his dismal threat'ning sound, And his ill-boding tongue no more shall speak. WARWICK. I think his understanding is bereft. Speak, Cli
 a thick, musky odour, subtle and nauseous. At the very first whiff of it my brain and my imagination were beyond all control. A thick, black cloud swirled 
nt to get to the house, you'll find it shorter to get over this stile, and so by the foot-path over the
ining the roadway, and there, as I have already explained to you, I saw clearly the marks of a cab, which, I ascertained by inquiry, must have been there during the nig
ngs in their country's cause? O, if to fight for king and commonweal Were piety in thine, it is in these. Andronicus, st
and Claudio. Exeunt ABHORSON and POMPEY Th' one has my pity; not a jot the other, Being a murderer, though he were my brother. Enter CLAUDIO Look, here's the warrant, Claudio, for thy death; 'Tis
ul. I knew exactly what I was doing, for I knew of the existence of this remarkable gun, and I knew also that one of the best shots in the world would be behind it. When we were
ne! Let me be married to three kings in a forenoon, and widow them all. Let me have a child at fifty, to whom Herod of Jewry may do homage. Find me to marry me with Octavius Caesar, and companion 
our fortune and The hazard of much blood. I would dissemble with my nature where My fortunes and my friends at stake requir'd I should do so in honou
 if he had failed to gain the good will of the lodge before, it could no longer have been withheld after he had thrilled them with 
se; it was concerned with an opal tiara. I think it was before your time, Watson. I can only say, madam, that I shall be happy to devote the same care to your case as I did to that of your frie
one of the main points in favor of the accused disappears." "And yet," said I, "even now I fail to understand what the theory of the police can be." "I 
wls of the rebels, drunk with opium and with bang, were enough to remind us all night of our dangerous neighbors across the stream. Every two hours the officer of the nig
the screw was driven in three times before the cork was extracted. It has never been transfixed. This long screw would hav
. A stranger, and I not known on't? SECOND LORD. [Aside] He's a strange fellow himself, and knows it not. FIRST LORD. There's an Italian come, and
nto the pew. There was a moment's delay, but the gentleman in the pew handed it up to her again, and it did not appear to 
ar, with a cold, brilliant, many-pointed radiance. Ryder stood glaring with a drawn face, uncertain whether to
fer, well; Barbason, well; yet they are devils' additions, the names of fiends. But cuckold! Wittol! Cuckold! the devil himself hath not such a name. Page is an ass, a secur
did. Beat. Do not you love me? Bene. Troth, no; no more than reason. Beat. Why, then my cousin, Margaret, and Ursula Are much deceiv'd; 
hich I had already formed into a system, although I had not yet appreciated the part which they were to play in my life. The old man evidently thought 
ted. I know Milverton's house as I know the palm of my hand." "But the girl, Holmes?" He shrugged his shoulders. "You can't help it, my dear Watson
ARIA MARIA. Madam, there is at the gate a young gentleman much desires to speak with you. OLIVIA. From the Count Orsino, is it? MARIA. I know not, 
at I myself Find in myself no pity to myself? Methought the souls of all that I had murder'd Came to my tent, and every one did threat To-morrow's vengeance on the head of R
s of the world, Never to be infected with delight, Nor conversant with ease and idleness, Till I have set a glory to this hand By giving it the worship of rev
start for you. As to the pistol, you'll find it waiting for you, or I'm mistaken. If you report yourselves on Monday, it will be time enough. You'll get a great welcome whe
Well, it takes all sorts to make a world, and the Professor hasn't let it take his appetite away." We loitered the morning away in the garden. Stanley Hopkins had gone down to th
eadth of the moor. But I had my own experience for a guide since it had shown me the man himself standing upon the summit of the Black Tor. That then should be the cent
angel on the outward side! How may likeness, made in crimes, Make a practice on the times, To draw with idle spiders' strin
ill I see her beautiful. SPEED. If you love her, you cannot see her. VALENTINE. Why? SPEED. Because Love is b
night that I should bring some friends. "He ain't been out o' his room to-day, Mr. Thaddeus, and I have no orders. You know very well that I must stick to regulations. I can let you in, but your fr
nails upon the mantelpiece. "Mr. Douglas was altering the pictures yesterday," he said. "I saw him myself, standing upon that chair and fixing the big pictur
bring you to hear my lord speak. Pray ye, go! There's my key. If you do stir abroad, go arm'd. Edg. Arm'd, brother? Edm. Brother, I advise you to the best.
bject. He is steady and methodical. "The top floor belongs to Miles McLaren. He is a brilliant fellow when he chooses to work--one of the brightest intellects of the University, but he is wayward
amsel. KING. Well, it was proclaimed damsel. COSTARD. This was no damsel neither, sir; she was a virgin. KING. It is so varied too, for it wa
xamining the roadway, and there, as I have already explained to you, I saw clearly the marks of a cab, which, I ascertained by inquiry, must have been there during the night. I satisfi
It was Alencon that enjoy'd my love. YORK. Alencon, that notorious Machiavel! It dies, an if it had a thousand lives. PUCE
y what I will set down to my lady. It shall advantage thee more than ever the bearing of letter did. CLOWN. I will help you to't. But tell me tru
 hate. JULIA. Will ye be gone? LUCETTA. That you may ruminate. Exit JULIA. And yet, I would I had o'erlook'd the letter. It were a shame to call her back again, And pra
d here, convey, convey him out. Be not amaz'd; call all your senses to you; defend your reputation, or bid farewell to your good life for ever. MRS. FORD. What shall I do? There is a gentle
n to ice with fanning in his face with a peacock's feather. You'll never trust his word after! Come, 'tis a foolish saying. KING HENRY. Your reproof is something too r
here where my fortune lives, there my life dies. KING JOHN. Cousin, go draw our puissance together. Exit BASTARD France, I am burn'd up with 
ills in that box one was of the most deadly poison, and the other was entirely harmless. I ought to have known that before ever I saw 
 was no ticket in his pockets." "No ticket! Dear me, Watson, this is really very singular. According to my experience it is not possible to reach the plat
. Rise, Richard, like a true Plantagenet, And rise created princely Duke of York. PLANTAGENET. And so thrive Richard as thy foes may fall! And a
side to TROILUS] Follow his torch; he goes to Calchas' tent; I'll keep you company. TROILUS. Sweet sir, you honour me. HECTOR. And so
igible, and he did not enlighten her. That night he sat up with his gun and kept watch and ward. He saw and he heard nothing, and yet in the morni
nly out of the vast gloom of the moor that strange cry which I had already heard upon the borders of
 a letter to him straight. THERSITES. Let me carry another to his horse; for that's the more capable creature. ACHILLES. My mind is troubled, like a
good ones; but they are most of them means and bases; but one Puritan amongst them, and he sings psalms to hornpipes. I must have saffron to colour the warden pies; mace; dates- none, that's 
 know what you do know, but will you swear that this is true that you tell me?" "Why, they are only waiting for her to come to her senses to arrest her." "My God! Are you in the 
 to choke thee with thine own, And make thee curse the harvest of that corn. CHARLES. Your Grace may starve,
oes anyone else know of this?" he asked. "I have told no one else." "But this man--your friend--has he any other person that he would be li
 he stopped at old man Shafter's. The house was forbidden him; but when he tapped at the window Ettie came out to him. Th
ad named he had captured the housekeeper's goodwill, and was chatting with her as if he had known her for years. "Yes, Mr. Holmes, it is as you say, sir. He does sm
ad; this letter will tell you more. COSTARD. Sir, the contempts thereof are as touching me. KING. A letter from the magnificent Armado. BEROWNE. How low soever the matter, I hope in God for high
 no more of the matter until he heard in the evening of the tragedy that had occurred. "The two McCarthys were seen after the time when William Crowder, the game-keeper, lost 
lean out of them. All three of them, the dead woman and the two demented men, retained upon their faces an expression of the utmost
ervant's servant is your servant, madam. OLIVIA. For him, I think not on him; for his thoughts, Would they were blanks rather than fill'd with me! VIO
 morning that I realized that I had only exchanged one trouble for another. My husband's anguish at the loss of his paper went to m
ight you think? Have you not set mine honour at the stake, And baited it with all th' unmuzzled thoughts That tyrannous heart can think? To one of your receiv
 no, sir. It is quite separate and was left me by my uncle Ned in Auckland. It is in New Zealand stock, paying 4 per cent. Two thousand five hundred pounds was the
d, stained with dust, and exhausted with hunger and fatigue. A cold supper was ready upon the table, and when his needs were satisf
all present. We talked the matter over again, and at last we came to an arrangement. We were to provide both th
 I do find your hangman is a more penitent trade than your bawd; he doth oftener ask forgiveness. PROVOST. You, sirrah, provide your block and your axe to-morro
sh master taught you these manners, Sir John? FALSTAFF. Master Gower, if they become me not, he was a fool that taught them me. This is the right fencing grace, my lord; tap for tap, and so part fai
ared him, though I saw his wicked little eyes fixed on my face, as though to remember every feature. We got away with the gold, became wealthy m
is father. KING. Satisfy me so. BOYET. So please your Grace, the packet is not come, Where that and other specialties are bound; To-morrow you shall have a sight of them. KING. It shall suffi
a purpose? FORD. Never. FALSTAFF. Of what quality was your love, then? FORD. Like a fair house built on another man's ground; so that I have lost my edifice by mistaking t
eart Dearer than Pluto's mine, richer than gold. If that thou best a Roman, take it forth; I, that denied thee gold, will give my heart. Strike, as thou didst at Caesar, for
n describing the episode of his last visit to his brother's house, remarked that the doctor on entering the room fell i
an who wrote the note is a German. Do you note the peculiar construction of the sentence--'This account of you we have from all q
t gives my friend and me; Is't not enough to torture me alone, But slave to slavery my sweet'st friend must be? Me from my self thy cruel eye hath tak
your chaff in the morning." "Well, sir, you certainly got equal with me on that. But how in the world did you know that he was in the house at all
the colour of the nutmeg. DAUPHIN. And of the heat of the ginger. It is a beast for Perseus: he is pure air and fire; and the dull elements of earth and water never appear in him, b
nenius, Be you then as the people's officer. Masters, lay down your weapons. BRUTUS. Go not home. SICINIUS. Meet on the market-place. We'll attend you there; Where, if 
e thine, So shall Berowne take me for Rosaline. And change you favours too; so shall your loves Woo contrary, deceiv'd by these removes. ROSALINE. Come on, then, wear the favou
AWERS Enter HOSTESS and DOLL TEARSHEET HOSTESS. I' faith, sweetheart, methinks now you are in an excellent good temperality. Your p
 Brutus and Messala. BRUTUS. Ride, ride, Messala, ride, and give these bills Unto the legions on the other side. Loud alarum. Let them set on at once, for I per
ted the end of the barrel upon the ledge of the open window, and I saw his long moustache droop over the stock and his eye gleam
." "You can refuse to answer; but you must be aware that your refusal is in itself an answer, for you would not refuse if you had not something t
eave you To the protection of the prosperous gods, As thieves to keepers. FLAVIUS. Stay not, all's in vain. TIMON. Why, I was writing of my epitaph; It will
ustice were waiting. Knowing that he would return there, Garcia, who is the son of the former highest dignitary in San Pedro, was waiting with two trusty companions of humble station, all th
ed, a small wooden shelf full of books, mostly of a technical character, an armchair beside the bed, a plain wooden chair against the wall, a round table, and a large iron safe were the p
 you!- what, you!- fellow, you!- and thus much for greeting. Now, my spruce companions, is all ready, and al
ur lordship. LORD. Bid them come near. Enter PLAYERS Now, fellows, you are welcome. PLAYERS. We thank your honour. LORD. Do you intend to stay
ut there are steps on the sill." "Well, well, if it was fastened the steps could have nothing to do with the matter. That's 
e great rich Capulet; and if you be not of the house of Montagues, I pray come and crush a cup of wine. Rest you merry! Exit. Ben. At this same ancient feast of Capulet's Sups the fair Rosal
ay thy foes. TITUS. I know thou dost; and, sweet Revenge, farewell. Exit TAMORA CHIRON. Tell us, old man, how shall we be employ'd? TITUS. Tut, I ha
n'd mistress and your warrior love, To Theseus must be wedded, and you come To give their bed joy and prosperity? OBERON. How canst thou thus, for sha
ave happened between." "Oh, you must not discourage me, Mr. Holmes. I know that all is well with him. There is so keen a sympathy between us t
nd the sound of the locking of the hall door some time before told me that the servants had also retired. I had risen from my seat and was knocking o
in the quiet of the night. It came from the door of the house. Ferrier crept into the hall and liste
ot?" "Pretty things! fine things!" cried the little girl enthusiastically, holding up two glittering fragments of mica. "When
is attention to the bedroom window and to the sitting-room lamp. Each is suggestive, and together they are almost conclusive. If the police would desire further inform
 a feeling Of their afflictions, and shall not myself, One of their kind, that relish all as sharply, Passion as they, be kindlier mov'd than thou art? Though with their high wrongs I am s
reds They vented their complainings; which being answer'd, And a petition granted them- a strange one, To break the heart of generosity And make bold power look pale-
 question, You from the Polack wars, and you from England, Are here arriv'd, give order that these bodies High on a stage be placed 
USE. Yea, dost thou jeer and flout me in the teeth? Think'st thou I jest? Hold, take thou that, and that. [Beating him] DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Hold, sir, for God's sake! Now you
y dear nurse? Nurse. Is your man secret? Did you ne'er hear say, Two may keep counsel, putting one away? Rom. I warrant thee my man's as true as steel. Nurse. Well, sir, my mistress i
 conquered? O Warwick, Warwick! I foresee with grief The utter loss of all the realm of France. WARWICK. Be pa
iminary sound in the midst of the utter stillness, the door of my room swung slowly open. The woman was standing in the aperture, the darkness of the hall behind her, the yel
 in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade instead of ruby red. In spite of its youth, it h
f Bohemia and of the Irene Adler photograph; but when I looked back to the weird business of the Sign of Four, and the extraordinary circumstances connected with the Study in Scarlet, 
d in the life of the cities of the North, of Detroit, and the lumber camps of Michigan, and finally of Chicago, where he had worked in a planing mill. And afterwards came the hint o
the beginning of the inquiry to grasp the importance of the single real clue which was presented to you. I had the good fortune to seize upon that, and everything whic
to be Whoop'd out of Rome. Now this extremity Hath brought me to thy hearth; not out of hope, Mistake me not, to save my life; for if I had fear'd death, of all the 
d I with them the third night kept the watch; Where, as they had deliver'd, both in time, Form of the thing, each word made true a
s philosopher. What is the cause of thunder? Kent. Good my lord, take his offer; go into th' house. Lear. I'll talk a word with this same learned Theban. What i
osed. Mary and Arthur were much interested and wished to see the famous coronet, but I thought it better not to disturb it. "'Where have you put it?' asked Arthur. "'
he should take exceptions to my love; And with the vantage of mine own excuse Hath he excepted most against my love.
t his mark upon the murderer before he dropped it on the mat. But there was no stain." "That, of course, prov
. Show the inside of your purse to the outside of his hand, and no more ado. Remember- ston'd and flay'd alive. SH
BAPTISTA. Son, I'll be your half Bianca comes. LUCENTIO. I'll have no halves; I'll bear it all myself. Re-enter BIONDELL
Venice. Before SHYLOCK'S house Enter SHYLOCK and LAUNCELOT SHYLOCK. Well, thou shalt see; thy eyes shall be thy
t Enter one in armour HECTOR. Stand, stand, thou Greek; thou art a goodly mark. No? wilt thou not? I like thy armour well; I'll frush it and u
rom his smokes of the day before, all carefully dried and collected on the corner of the mantelpiece. He received us in his quietly gen
uct me thither. KING. Hear me, dear lady: I have sworn an oath- PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Our Lady help my lord! He'll be forsworn. KING. Not for the world, fair madam, by
t his struggles only bored his wooden pin the deeper into the sticky bank. When we brought our launch alongside he was so firmly anchored that it was only by throwing the end 
cursions. Enter RICHARD and CLIFFORD RICHARD. Now, Clifford, I have singled thee alone. Suppose this arm is for the Duke of York, And this for Rutland; both bound to rev
ns wherein JOHN TALBOT is hemm'd about, and TALBOT rescues him TALBOT. Saint George and victory! Fight, so
. I would these garments were come. She said upon a time- the bitterness of it I now belch from my heart- that she held the very garment 
of the officers of the law shows the great advantage of the presence on such occasions of a single vigorous and masterful min
nging me safely to the British lines. Worn with pain, and weak from the prolonged hardships which I had undergone, I was removed, with a great train of wounded sufferers, to the base hospital at Pesh
erses cannot be understood, nor a man's good wit seconded with the forward child understanding, it strikes a ma
 tak'st him for. DUKE. Well, you'll answer this one day. Fare ye well. LUCIO. Nay, tarry; I'll go along with thee; I can tell thee pretty tales of the Duke. DUKE. You have told me too many 
an serv'd thief. FOOL. Are you three usurers' men? ALL SERVANTS. Ay, fool. FOOL. I think no usurer but has a fool to his servant. My mistress is one, and I am her fool. When men c
rom her face. "I shall go down to Hampshire quite easy in my mind now. I shall write to Mr. Rucastle at once, sacrifice my poor hair to-night, and start for Winchester to-morrow." With a few gr
.R.' may have been his client." "Try Canadian Pacific Railway," said Holmes. Stanley Hopkins swore between his teeth and struck his
thin.] I hear knocking At the south entry. Retire we to our chamber. A little water clears us of this deed. How easy is it then! Your constancy Hath left you unattended. [Knocking within.] Hark,
MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DIST
med to be called captain? An captains were of my mind, they would truncheon you out, for taking their names upon you before you have earn'd them. Yo
UCESTER. By such despair I should accuse myself. ANNE. And by despairing shalt thou stand excused For doing worthy vengeance on thyself That didst unworthy slaughter up
. Two years ago, having served my time, and having also come into a fair sum of money through my poor father's deat
reliminary sound in the midst of the utter stillness, the door of my room swung slowly open. The woman was standing in the aperture, t
" "And what does it mean now that you have found it?" asked Gregson in a depreciatory voice. "Mean? Why, it means that the writer was going to put the female name Rachel, but
r, when compared to the deep mystery through which we were groping, and I found my attention wander so continually from the action to the fact, that I at last flung it across t
e, To bring thee to the gallows, not to the font. Exit SHYLOCK DUKE OF VENICE. Sir, I entreat you home with me to dinner. PORTIA. I humbly do desire your Grace of pardon; I must away this night 
ater-rats, water-thieves and land-thieves- I mean pirates; and then there is the peril of waters, winds, and rocks. The man is, notwithstanding, sufficient. Three thousa
hat think you? Have you beheld, Or have you read or heard, or could you think? Or do you almost think, although you see, That you do see? Could t
ces The thick sighs from him; whiles the jolly Briton- Your lord, I mean- laughs from's free lungs, 
ung man answered. "Vell, I vant to tell you right now that it ain't no manner of use. There's someone slipped in afore you." "She told me so." "Vell, yo
m, burns his body in the wood-pile, and departs to a neighbouring hotel. The blood-stains in the room and also on the stick are very slight. I
 within the lists of the army will maintain upon Edmund, supposed Earl of Gloucester, that he is a manifold traitor, let him appear by the third sound of the trumpet. He is bold in his defence.' Edm
n away, To live a second life on second head, Ere beauty's dead fleece made another gay: In him those holy antique hours are seen, Without all ornament, it self and true, Making no summ
h me how a beggar should be answer'd. BASSANIO. Good sir, this ring was given me by my wife; And, when she put it on, she made me vow That I should neither sell, nor give, nor
s and simple life that I could not help commenting upon it. "Ah," said he, "I forgot that I had not seen you for some weeks. It is a littl
d over the fields which had been his own, and which he was now about to abandon for ever. He had long nerved himself to the sacri
in her fair cheek, Where several worthies make one dignity, Where nothing wants that want itself doth seek. Lend me the flourish of all gen
n do think him me. To do what service am I sent for hither? YORK. To do that office of thine own good will Which tired majesty did make thee offer- The resignation of
 KING_HENRY_VIII|EPILOGUE THE EPILOGUE. 'Tis ten to one this play can never please All that are here
 back for a light, and there was the poor fellow, a great gash in his throat and the whole place swimming in bloo
ll wipe away these bloody marks; And no more words till they have flow'd their fill. KING HENRY. O piteous spectacle! O bloody times! 
l plat, Proclaimed in her a careless hand of pride; For some, untucked, descended her sheaved hat, Hanging her pale and pined cheek beside; Some in her threaden fillet still did bide, And,
rfluous. Allow not nature more than nature needs, Man's life is cheap as beast's. Thou art a lady: If only to go warm w
rade in possession of the house while Holmes and I went back with the baronet to Baskerville Hall. The story of the Stapletons could no longer be withheld from him, but he took the blow bravely 
Holmes. "Yes, sir." "From Charing Cross Hospital?" "From one or two friends there on the occasion of my marriage." "Dear, dear, that's bad!" said Holmes, shaking his head. 
t as possible." "At the best it must take some time," he answered; "for we shall certainly have to go to Norwood and see Brother Bartholomew. We shall all go and try if we can get the better
g. Exeunt SCENE II. Corioli. The Senate House. Enter TULLUS AUFIDIUS with SENATORS of Corioli FIRST SENATOR. S
unctuation intended by the author, and additional characters may be used to indicate hypertext links; OR (2) The etext is readily convertible by the reader at 
uld not get so near him as to see his features? You describe him as bending over the handle-bar. Concealment again, you see. You really have done re
It is better that I should ask them here than that the matter should pass outside our control." She was silent and her face was still very pale. At last she looked up with something 
n't what will. Exit. Glou. Sirrah naked fellow- Edg. Poor Tom's acold. [Aside] I cannot daub it further. Glou. Come hither, fellow. Edg. [aside] And yet I must.- Bless thy sweet eyes, they bl
elieve me, I cannot. Ham. I do beseech you. Guil. I know, no touch of it, my lord. Ham. It is as easy as lying. Govern these ventages with your fingers and thu
ACBETH. "They met me in the day of success, and I have learned by the perfectest report they have more in them than mortal knowledge. When I burned in desire to question them further, they ma
the other. You do remember all the circumstance? Hor. Remember it, my lord! Ham. Sir, in my heart there was a kind of fighting That would not let me sleep. Methough
agles fell, and there they perch'd, Gorging and feeding from our soldiers' hands, Who to Philippi here consorted us. This morning are they 
; They are the books, the arts, the academes, That show, contain, and nourish, all the world, Else none at all in aught proves excellent. Then fools yo
 looks on me? If not that, I am Queen, you bow like subjects, Yet that, by you depos'd, you quake like rebels? Ah,
ng. OCTAVIA. Good my lord, To come thus was I not constrain'd, but did it On my free will. My lord, Mark Antony, Hearing that you prepar'd for w
ng out for help, And Cassio following him with determined sword, To execute upon him. Sir, this gentleman Steps in to Cassio and entreats his pause. Myself the crying fellow
metrius. TITUS. Fie, Publius, fie! thou art too much deceiv'd. The one is Murder, and Rape is the other's name; And therefore bind them, gentle Publius- C
ld this monster make a man; any strange beast there makes a man; when they will not give a doit to reli
 hence! CHARMIAN. Be comforted, dear madam. CLEOPATRA. No, I will not. All strange and terrible events are welcome, But comforts we despise; our size of sorro
 these same whoreson devils do the gods great harm in their women, for in every ten that they make the devils mar five. CLEOPATR
ne, but art despis'd for the contrary. There's a medlar for thee; eat it. TIMON. On what I hate I feed 
mes, I am going this instant to fetch him." I turned resolutely to the door. Never have I had such a shock! In an instant, with a tiger-spring, the dying man had intercepted me. I hear
said at last, "there may be nothing in it. It may be only his guilty conscience. Knowing himself to be a traitor, he may have read the accusation in the other's eyes." "The o
ey carried back both of his companions with them? Jefferson Hope had almost persuaded himself that they must have done so, when his eye fell upon an object which made every nerve of his body
ENE 10. Another part of the plain Enter AENEAS, PARIS, ANTENOR, and DEIPHOBUS AENEAS. Stand, ho! yet are we masters of the field. Never go home; here starve we out the night. Enter TROILUS TROILUS. 
 know who the author of the revolting business is, although one of the victims still escapes us. Of course, you have formed your own conclusions." "I presume that this Jim Browner, the 
desire to be a woman of the world. Here come two of the banish'd Duke's pages. Enter two PAGES FIRST PAGE. Well met, honest gentleman. TO
this. Come now, your promise. OTHELLO. What promise, chuck? DESDEMONA. I have sent to bid Cassio come s
t right angles. This second one leads by means of a second small stair to a side door, used by servants, and also as a short cut by clerks when co
head, Had grac'd the tender temples of my child; And both the Princes had been breathing here, Which now, two tender bedfellows for dust, Thy broken faith hath made the pr
, and you will drive to the Strand end of the Lowther Arcade, handing the address to the cabman upon a slip of paper, with a request that he will not thro
ue substances. TITUS. Come, take away. Lavinia, go with me; I'll to thy closet, and go read with thee Sad stories chanced in the times of old. Come, bo
er my death I wish no other herald, No other speaker of my living actions, To keep mine honour from cor
said. "I'm Miss Ettie Shafter, Mr. Shafter's daughter. My mother's dead, and I run the house. You can sit down by the stove in the 
alone in Europe, both in his gifts and in his experience. Holmes was not prone to friendship, but he was tolerant of the big Scotchman, and smiled at the sight of him. "You are an early bird
heer enough. Where is my wife? PAGE. Here, noble lord; what is thy will with her? SLY. Are you my wife, and will not cal
hanging in the middle of the room. He had tied his cord to the hook on which the heavy lamp used to hang, and he had jumped off from the top of the very b
ancing an eye of pity on his losses, That have of late so huddled on his back- Enow to press a royal merchant down, And pluck commiseration of his state From brassy bosoms and rou
is carpet was a small square drugget in the centre of the room, surrounded by a broad expanse of beautiful, old-fashioned wood-flooring in square blocks highly polished. Over
little wizened fellow with a cringing manner and a shambling style of walking. He wore an open jacket, with a splotch of tar on the sleeve, a re
he ring. BASSANIO. No, by my honour, madam, by my soul, No woman had it, but a civil doctor, Which did refuse three thousand ducats of me, An
, my lord, you made me believe so. Ham. You should not have believ'd me; for virtue cannot so inoculate our old stock but
raise, Ending with 'Brother, son, and all, are dead.' MORTON. Douglas is living, and your brother, yet; But for my lord your son- NORTHUMBERLAND. Why, he is de
wn, and talk of peace? I hate the word As I hate hell, all Montagues, and thee. Have at thee, coward! They fight. Enter an officer, and three or four Citizens with clubs or partisans. Officer
have his ears cut off? POINS. Let's beat him before his whore. PRINCE. Look whe'er the wither'd elder hath not his poll claw'd like a parrot. POINS. Is it not strange that desire
leaf. Two letters--one addressed to E. J. Drebber and one to Joseph Stangerson." "At what address?" "American 
er's poker." There was in the front a thick and broad hasp, wrought in the image of a sitting Buddha. Under this I thrust the end
siding, the tenderness of her nature became as a prey to her grief; in fine, made a groan of her last breath, and now she sings in heaven. FIRST 
and he enjoyed the use of the money of the daughter as long as she lived with them. It was a considerable sum, for people in their position, and the loss of it would have made a se
remarks before leaving you?" "No." "And you were surprised to see him in Swandam Lane?" "Very much so." "Was the window open?" "Yes." "Then he might have called to you?" "He might." "He only, as I un
 'mongst them was spread That they suppos'd I could rend bars of steel And spurn in pieces posts of adamant; Wherefore a guard of chosen shot I had That walk'd about me every minut
IC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONL
Enter [Paris's] Boy and Watch. Boy. This is the place. There, where the torch doth burn. Chief Watch. 'the ground is bloody. Search about the churchyard. Go, some of 
 of value, but none had been taken. The dead man's papers had not been tampered with. They were carefully examined, and showed that he was a 
s ensign yet Is crimson in thy lips and in thy cheeks, And death's pale flag is not advanced there. Ty
ld she give you so much of her lips As of her tongue she oft bestows on me, You'ld have enough. DESDEMONA. Alas, she has no speech. IAGO. In faith, too muc
u will observe that the screw was driven in three times before the cork was extracted. It has never been transfixed. This long screw woul
 devil; I have not seen such a firago. I had a pass with him, rapier, scabbard, and all, and he gives me the stuck in with such a mortal motion that i
ew, and only they knew, that I was still alive. Sooner or later they believed that I should come back to my rooms. They watched t
re this last expedition twenty-five wounds upon him. MENENIUS. Now it's twenty-seven; every gash was an enemy's grave. [A shout and flourish] Hark! the trumpets
me, it is surely Hudson,' said Mr. Trevor in a tone of surprise. "'Hudson it is, sir,' said the seaman. 'Why, it's thirty year and more since I saw you last. Here you are in your house, 
ey nurse, what news? Hast thou met with him? Send thy man away. Nurse. Peter, stay at the gate. [Exit Peter.] Jul. Now, good sweet nurse- O Lord, why look'st thou sad
hink he be angry indeed. Claud. If he be, he knows how to turn his girdle. Bene. Shall I speak a word in your ear? Claud. God bless me from a challenge! Be
 a white, almost womanly hand, which felt about in the centre of the little area of light. For a minute or more the hand, with its writhing fingers, protruded out 
allery ran round the top of the old hall, approached by a double stair. From this central point two long corridors extended the whole length of the building, from which all the bedroo
 higher than itself; but talent instantly recognizes genius, and MacDonald had talent enough for his profession to enable him to perceive that the
 "Fastened; but there are steps on the sill." "Well, well, if it was fastened the steps could have nothing to do with the
thoughts- So, traitor, then she comes when she is thence. PANDARUS. Well, she look'd yesternight fairer than ever I saw her look, or any woman else. TROILUS. I was about to tell thee: when my h
ow off thy cap; praise his most vicious strain, And call it excellent. Thou wast told thus; Thou gav'st thine ears, like tapsters that bade welcome, To knaves and all approachers. 'Tis most just 
onge in her hand. "You come back and be washed, Jack," she shouted. "Come back, you young imp; for if your father comes home and finds you like that, he'll let us hear of it." "Dear little chap!" sai
me any gage of thine, and I will wear it in my bonnet; then if ever thou dar'st acknowledge it, I will make it my q
ividable, incorporate, Am better than thy dear self's better part. Ah, do not tear away thyself from me; For know, my love, as easy mayst thou fall A drop of water in the breaking gul
n Fluellen! FLUELLEN. So! in the name of Jesu Christ, speak fewer. It is the greatest admiration in the universal world, when the true and aunchient prerogatifes and laws of the wars is not kept: if 
clay, man, is not able to invent anything that intends to laughter, more than I invent or is invented on me. I am not only witty in myself, but the cause that wit is in other men.
e of light had sprung out of the darkness. In the middle of it was the black figure of the secretary, his head advanced, peering out into the night. It was evident that he was expecting someone
nce, this one christening will beget a thousand: here will be father, godfather, and all together. MAN. The spoons will 
treet, B division, gave evidence as to the arrest of Horner, who struggled frantically, and protested his innocence in the strongest terms. Evidence of a previous conviction for
should know the man By the Athenian garments he had on? And so far blameless proves my enterprise That I have 'nointed an Athenia
ECOND CITIZEN. I will hear Cassius and compare their reasons, When severally we hear them rendered. Exit Cassius, with some Citizens. Brutus goes into the pulpit. TH
uest. He would say nothing of the case, and it was from the papers that I learned the particulars of the inquest, and the arrest with the
, and what clues can I have given you?" "You do yourself an injustice. The features are given to man as the means by which he shall express his emotions, and yours are faithful servants."
 luck; we could never meet. I will never take you for my love again; but I will always count you my deer. FALSTAFF. I 
 I will show you a monster. Master Doctor, you shall go; so shall you, Master Page; and you, Sir Hugh. SHALLOW. Well,
 I remain an unknown factor in the business, ready to throw in all my weight at a critical moment." "But why keep me in the dark?" "For you to know could not have h
d at his case, Where having nothing, nothing can he lose. And as for you yourself, our quondam queen, You have a father able to maintain you,
lly her love. He could talk of the sweet valleys of County Monaghan from which he came, of the lovely, distant island, the low hills and green meadows of which
ange it shows Timon in this should pay more than he owes; And e'en as if your lord should wear rich jewels And send for money for 'em. HORTENSIUS. I'm weary of this charge, the gods can witness; 
in a solemn voice, "I claim urgency!" "Brother McMurdo claims urgency," said McGinty. "It's a claim that by the rules of this lodge takes preceden
nward for a moment too long. Maybe it was I that pulled the trigger. Maybe we just jolted it off between us.
n will all turn monsters. 2. Serv. Let's follow the old Earl, and get the bedlam To lead him where he would. His roguish madness Allows itself to anything. 3. Serv. Go thou. I'll
bles [Dogberry and Verges] and the Sexton, in gowns, [and the Watch, with Conrade and] Borachio. Dog. Is our whole
hou wert better in thy grave than to answer with thy uncover'd body this extremity of the skies. Is man no more than this? Consider him well. Thou ow'st the worm no s
shamed of; but you will have to be content with my word for it, and to allow me to be silent as to all that passed up to the time when I be
, he fought with; what wards, what blows, what extremities he endured; and in the reproof of this lies the jest. Princ
s is my glove,' by this hand I will take thee a box on the ear. KING HENRY. If ever I live to see it, I will challenge it. WILLIAMS. Thou dar's
 with his former title greet Macbeth. ROSS. I'll see it done. DUNCAN. What he hath lost, noble Macbeth hath won. Exeunt. SCENE III. A heath. Thunder. Enter the t
olly. Exit, with LORDS Enter PISANIO QUEEN. Fie! you must give way. Here is your servant. How now, sir! What news? PISANIO. My lord your son drew on my master. QUEEN. Ha! No harm, I trust, i
 pauvres gens de France Poor market-folks that come to sell their corn. WATCH. Enter, go in; the market-bell is rung. PUCELLE. Now, Rouen, I'll shake thy bulwarks to the ground. [LA PUCELLE, &c., en
is subject to the conditions that you honor the refund and replacement provisions of this "small print!" statement; and that yo
h, none but in this iron age would do it! The iron of itself, though heat red-hot, Approaching near these eyes would drink my tears, And quench his
 Laer. Upon my life, Lamound. King. The very same. Laer. I know him well. He is the broach indeed And gem of all the nation. King. He made confession of you; And g
ules! Live thou, I live. With much much more dismay I view the fight than thou that mak'st the fray. A SONG the whilst BASSANIO comments on the caskets to himself Tell me where is fancy bred, Or i
l of the Roman Forces A ROMAN CAPTAIN TWO BRITISH CAPTAINS PISANIO, servant to Posthumus CORNELIUS, a physi
ng on's teeth. AUTOLYCUS. The fardel there? What's i' th' fardel? Wherefore that box? SHEPHERD. Sir, there lies such secrets in this fardel and b
 scars to save thy life; even for the blood That then I lost for thee, now grant me justice. AEGEON. Unless the fear of death doth make me dote, 
ndee. He had then had several successful voyages in succession, and in the following year, 1884, he retired. After that he 
. One is that after the second glass was filled the bottle was violently agitated, and so the third glass received the bees-wing. That does not app
n and welcome me. TITUS. Do me some service ere I come to thee. Lo, by thy side where Rape and Murder stands; Now give some surance that thou art Revenge- Stab them, or tear them on thy
out their enemies now. Tremble, thou wretch, That hast within thee undivulged crimes Unwhipp'd of justice. Hide thee, thou bloody hand; Thou perjur'd, and thou simular man of virtue That art incestu
and deeply over the commission which had been so suddenly placed in his hands. The isolated house in which Chester Wilcox live
'ning most sea-like. Where hast thou been, my heart? Dost thou hear, lady? If from the field I shall re
Oswald the] Steward, severally. Osw. Good dawning to thee, friend. Art of this house? Kent. Ay. Osw. Where may we set our horses? Kent. I' th' mire. Osw. Prithee, if 
 in a vile temper. We sat down and we drank and we yarned about old times, but the more he drank the less I liked the look on his face. I spotted that harpoo
ng. Amateur sport is free from betting, but a good deal of outside betting goes on among the public, and it is possible that i
 of our spirits, To think that or our cause or our performance Did need an oath; when every drop of blood That every Roman bears, and nobly bears, Is guilty o
out. Quarrel! I will back thee. Greg. How? turn thy back and run? Samp. Fear me not. Greg. No, marry. I fear thee! Samp. Let us take the law of our
thee by Rosaline's bright eyes. By her high forehead and her scarlet lip, By her fine foot, straight leg, and quivering thigh, And the demesnes that there adjacent li
are not my measure, All these I better in one general best. Thy love is better than high birth to me,
t be. IAGO. It is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will. Come, be a man! Drown thyself? Drown cats and blind puppies. I have pro
spish-headed son has broke his arrows, Swears he will shoot no more, but play with sparrows, And be a bo
ds, ye fat paunch, an ye call me coward, by the Lord, I'll stab thee. Fal. I call thee coward? I'll see th
ife usurp immediately. Pours the poison in his ears. Ham. He poisons him i' th' garden for's estate. His name's Gonzago. The story is ext
e and delight. "Now I see it! My Gennaro! My splendid, beautiful Gennaro, who has guarded me safe from all harm, he did it, w
And your lips too; for I am well assur'd That I did so when I was first assur'd. KING PHILIP. Now, citizens of Angiers, ope your gates, Let in that amity which you have 
tain text. Par. Come you to make confession to this father? Jul. To answer that, I should confess to you. Par. Do not deny to him that you love me. Jul. I 
But you have found out something for yourself?" "A good deal, Mr. Holmes. I have several fresh dancing men pictures for you to examine, and, what is more import
dark or fair, she is my own dear little girlie, and her mother's pet." The little creature ran across at the
 still confronted with a problem which was almost as formidable as that with which we had started. "I confess that so far, Watson, I had been disappointed in my investi
left by our noble benefactor. Are you a married man, Mr. Wilson? Have you a family?' "I answered that I had not. "Hi
ave my service; but my prayers For ever and for ever shall be yours. WOLSEY. Cromwell, I did not think to shed a tear In all my miseries; but thou hast forc'd me, Out of thy honest tru
ey did when I was in the city? Are they so follow'd? Ros. No indeed are they not. Ham. How comes it? Do 
amiliar to me. There is, of course, the other woman, the drink, the push, the blow, the bruise, the sympathetic sister or lan
 to be revenged for this villainy. Exit BAPTISTA. And I to sound the depth of this knavery. Exit LUCENTIO. Look not pale, Bianca; thy father 
rt of the field Excursions. Enter RICHARD and CLIFFORD RICHARD. Now, Clifford, I have singled thee alone. Suppose
f the various medical instruments in the wicker basket which hung in the lamplight inside the brougham 
r Rulli, his secretary, were both murdered in their rooms at the Hotel Escurial at Madrid. The crime was ascribed to Nihilism, and the murderers were never arrested. Inspector Bayn
s been heard, it is not unfair to suppose that for some reason the treaty has not reached them." Lord Holdhurst shrugged his shoulders. "We can hardly suppose, Mr. Holmes, that the thie
LIVER. Wilt thou lay hands on me, villain? ORLANDO. I am no villain; I am the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys. He was my fa
ery turns! Friends now fast sworn, Whose double bosoms seems to wear one heart, Whose hours, whose bed, whose meal and exerci
 and killing one] Go thou and fill another room in hell. [He kills another, then EXTON strikes him down] That hand shall burn in never-quenching fire 
 art of sweet composure Praise him that gat thee, she that gave thee suck; Fam'd be thy tutor, and thy parts of nature Thrice-fam'd bey
 it; but if you have a friend here, convey, convey him out. Be not amaz'd; call all your senses to you; def
 "Why should I stay here alone?" "Because it is your post of duty. Because you gave me your word that you would do as you were told, and I tell you to stay." "All right, then, I'll stay.
ther up the road Dawson himself was lying on his face, quite dead, with an empty revolver in his hand and four Sepoys lying across each other 
ON. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DIS
Is proclamation made that who finds Edward Shall have a high reward, and he his life? GLOUCESTER. It is; and lo where youthful Edward comes. Enter soldiers, with PRINCE EDWARD KING EDWARD. B
, Hubert! Drive these men away, And I will sit as quiet as a lamb; I will not stir, nor wince, nor speak 
else thy craft so quickly grow That thine own trip shall be thine overthrow? Farewell, and take her; but direct thy feet Where thou and I he
eresting. Amateur sport is free from betting, but a good deal of outside betting goes on among the public, and it is possible that it might be worth someone's while to get at
ct, as he does, Her children not her husband's! LEONTES. A gross hag! And, lozel, thou art worthy to be hang'd That wilt not stay her tongue. ANTIGONUS. Hang all the husbands 
m our window we could command a view of the avenue gate, and of the inhabited wing of Stoke Moran Manor House. At dusk we saw Dr. Grimesby Royl
ssian woman, and the singular affair of the aluminium crutch, as well as a full account of Ricoletti of the club-foot, and his abominable wife. And here--
street. "There's more work to be got out of one of those little beggars than out of a dozen of the force," Holmes remarked. "The mere sight of an 
 butt downward for a moment too long. Maybe it was I that pulled the trigger. Maybe we just jolted it off between us. Anyhow, he got
toils the subject of the land, And why such daily cast of brazen cannon And foreign mart for implements of war; Why such impress of shipwrights, whose sore task Does
efore Orleans Sound a flourish. Enter CHARLES THE DAUPHIN, ALENCON, and REIGNIER, marching with drum and soldiers CHARLES. Mars his true moving,
day in which I failed to take 2. "As I grew richer I grew more ambitious, took a house in the country, and eventually married, without anyone having a suspicion as to my real occupation
comes in the likeness of a Jew. Enter SHYLOCK How now, Shylock? What news among the merchants? SHYLOCK. You knew, none
ould stand. I'm not made for it, same as you or McGinty. If the lodge will think none the worse of me, I'll just do as you a
lic, you will recognize how often the grotesque has deepened into the criminal. Think of that little affair of the red-headed men. That was grotesq
handling of large sums of money. When he was young he became a member of an aristocratic club, and there, having charming manners, he was soon the int
was something depressing and subduing in the sudden gloom, and in the cold dank air of the vault. "They have but one retreat," whispere
oresaid swain- I keep her as a vessel of thy law's fury; and shall, at the least of thy sweet notice, bring her to trial. Thine, i
you, let us not be laughing-stocks to other men's humours; I desire you in friendship, and I will one way or other make you amends. [Aloud] I will knog your urinals about your k
us, black, obscene a deed! I speak to subjects, and a subject speaks, Stirr'd up by God, thus boldly for h
set himself to live upon our fears. You will understand now how it was that I strove to keep the peace with him, and you will in some m
SSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT 
ouncing Amazon, Your buskin'd mistress and your warrior love, To Theseus must be wedded, and you come To give their bed joy and prosperity? OBERON. How canst 
ch as I can do to keep the terms of my honour precise. I, I, I myself sometimes, leaving the fear of God on the left hand, and hiding mine honour in my necessity, am fain to 
r poor knight surpris'd without rescue in the first assault, or ransom afterward. This she deliver'd in the most bitter touch of sorrow that e'er I
the principal, Glancing an eye of pity on his losses, That have of late so huddled on his back- Enow to press a royal merchant down, And pluck commiseration of his state From brassy bos
ry was so thin, however, when compared to the deep mystery through which we were groping, and I found my attention wander so continually from the action to the fact, that I at last flung it 
, now he is praying; And now I'll do't. And so he goes to heaven, And so am I reveng'd. That would be scann'd. A villain kills my fa
e in Florence, of a most chaste renown; and this night he fleshes his will in the spoil of her honour. He hath given her his monumental ring, and thinks himself made i
now they rise again, With twenty mortal murthers on their crowns, And push us from our stools. This is more strange Than such a murther is. LADY
h having rebelled against the authority of the Elders, and the result had been the secession of a certain number of the malcontents, who had left Ut
been with Sir Oliver Martext, the vicar of the next village, who hath promis'd to meet me in this place of the forest, and to couple us. JAQUES. [
 outside, as you see, 'Some particulars of the voyage of the bark Gloria Scott, from her leaving Falmouth on the 8th October, 
my compliments and direct his attention to the bedroom window and to the sitting-room lamp. Each is suggestive, and together they are 
 Don Pedro, [John the] Bastard, Leonato, Friar [Francis], Claudio, Benedick, Hero, Beatrice, [and Attendants]. Leon. Come, Friar Francis, be brief. Only to the plain form of marriage, and you sha
form the window. What do you make of it, Watson?" "A cipher message, Holmes." My companion gave a sudden chuckle of comprehension. "And not a very obscure cipher, Watson," said he. "Why, o
ore than to us Wait in your royal walks, your board, your bed! THESEUS. Come now; what masques, what dances shall we have, To wear away this long
squander money on the turf, until he had again and again to come to me and implore me to give him an advance upon his allowance, that he might settle his debts of honour. He tried more tha
, Mr. Holmes--a grievous disappointment. I have no doubt that I am myself to blame. People tell me that I have spoiled him. Very likely I have. When my dear wife died I felt that he
 a match between Anne Page and my cousin Slender, and this day we shall have our answer. SLENDER. I hope I have your good will, father Page. PAGE. You have, Master Slender; I stand wholly for 
rt our admiral, thou bearest the lantern in the poop- but 'tis in the nose of thee. Thou art the Knight of the Burning Lamp. Ba
his own instructions; I can easier teach twenty what were good to be done than to be one of the twenty to follow mine own teaching. The brain may devise laws for the blood, but a hot temper leaps o'e
omething to remove the sombre impression which our arrival had left upon my mind. But the dining-room which opened out of the hall was a place of
sh is punish'd; he shall have no desires. PAGE. So think I too. MRS. FORD. Devise but how you'll use him when he comes, And let us two devise to bring him thither. MRS. PAGE. There is an old tale
 that they weren't too particular in those parts." McGinty laughed. "You were first a coiner and then a murderer, and you came to these parts because y
RMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHE
nt moment be in danger of her life. All I can do is to watch the house and leave my agent, Warner, on guard at the gates. We can't let such a situation continue. If the law can do nothing we mus
 good sooth, very rude. PARIS. Well said, my lord. Well, you say so in fits. PANDARUS. I have business to my lord, dear queen. My lord, will you vouchs
usin Westmoreland? No, my fair cousin; If we are mark'd to die, we are enow To do our country loss; and if to live, The fewer men, the greater share 
derstand the word? My friend, thy husband, honest, honest Iago. EMILIA. If he say so, may his pernicious soul Rot half a grain a day!
r John Falstaff's.' PISTOL. He hath studied her well, and translated her will out of honesty into English. NYM. The anchor is deep; will that humour pass? F
n Ferrier groaned internally. "There are stories of her which I would fain disbelieve--stories that she is sealed to some 
beauty, though my lover's life. His beauty shall in these black lines be seen, And they shall live, and 
mb he stay'd Attending nature's law; Whose father then, as men report Thou orphans' father art, Thou shouldst have b
come to live happily together in ignorance of the black cloud which rests upon their past. THE FIVE ORANGE PIPS When I glance over my notes and records of the Sherlock Holmes cases b
an in a censer, I will have you as soundly swing'd for this- you blue-bottle rogue, you filthy famish'd correctioner, if you be not swing'd, I'll forswear half-kirtles. FIRST BEADLE. Come, come
ld fain have it beaten away. Wilt thou use thy wit? Bene. It is in my scabbard. Shall I draw it? Pedro. Dost thou wear thy wit by thy side? Claud. Never any did so, though very many have been b
no difficulty about that. When we have found who he is and who his associates are, we should have a good start in learning what he was doing in Pitt Street last night, a
people's eyes- his raising, Nothing but his report. MESSENGER. Yes, worthy sir, The slave's report is seconded, and more, More fearful, is deliver'd. SICINIUS. What more fe
e, conclude, he is in love. Claud. Nay, but I know who loves him. Pedro. That would I know too. I warrant, one that knows him no
 my lord. Lear. Come, boy. Fool. She that's a maid now, and laughs at my departure, Shall not be a maid long, unless things be cut shorter Exeunt. <<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION
 his duty towards intrusive strangers. "Who are you?" he asked as he advanced. "What are you loitering there for?" There was no answer; but the lad Andrews stepped forward and shot h
hen they must all go back together to-night,' said I. He thought for a little, and then he cried out that he had it. 'Three I will keep,' said he. 'The others we 
s] 'My thoughts do harbour with my Silvia nightly, And slaves they are to me, that send them flying. O, could their master come and go as lightly, Himself would lodge where, senseless, the
 rendered. Exit Cassius, with some Citizens. Brutus goes into the pulpit. THIRD CITIZEN. The noble Brutus is ascended. Silence! BRUTUS. Be patient till the last. Romans, countrymen, and lo
the island Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, GONZALO, ADRIAN, FRANCISCO, and OTHERS GONZALO. By'r lakin, I can go no further, sir; My old bones ache. Here's a maze trod, indeed, 
ge their names By vain though apt affection. LUCIO. She it is. ISABELLA. O, let him marry her! LUCIO. This is the point. The Duke is very strange
low with him as he made it seem in the trial of his several friends. SECOND LORD. It should not be, by the persuasion of his new feasting. FIRST LORD. I sho
ful secrecy impart they did, And I with them the third night kept the watch; Where, as they had deliver'd, both in time, Form of the thing, each word made true and good, The apparition comes. I
, and medicine power; For this, being smelt, with that part cheers each part; Being tasted, slays all senses with the heart. Two such opposed kings encamp them still 
do exactly what you now suggest," said I. "He would follow Barrymore and see what he did." "Then we shall do it together." "But surely he would hear us." "The man i
xploit. Go, Hercules! Live thou, I live. With much much more dismay I view the fight than thou that mak'st the fray. 
and down, carv'd like an appletart? Here's snip and nip and cut and slish and slash, Like to a censer in a barber's shop. Why, what a devil's na
orne away, Ready to starve and dare not touch his own. So York must sit and fret and bite his tongue, While his own lands are bargain'd for and sold. Methinks the realms of England, France, and Irel
ood morrow, all. Exit with servant PARIS. And tell me, noble Diomed-faith, tell me true, Even in the soul of sound good-fellowship- Who in your thoughts de
l.- I am glad to see thee well.- Welcome, good friends.- O, my old friend? Why, thy face is valanc'd since I saw thee last. Com'st' thou to' beard me in Denmark?- What, my young lady and mistress? B
r we may live to have need of such a verse. We see it, we see it. How now, lambs! TROILUS. Cressid, I love thee in so strain'd a purity That the bless'd gods, as 
F YORK's palace Enter the DUKE OF YORK and the DUCHESS DUCHESS. My Lord, you told me you would tell the rest, When weeping made you break the story off, Of our two cousins' coming into London. YORK
IUS. Thanks, royal sir. My emperor hath wrote; I must from hence, And am right sorry that I must report ye 
knowledge and his powers of minute observation have enabled him to prove conclusively that the miscreants could not have entered by the door o
t believe me not; and yet I lie not. I confess nothing, nor I deny nothing. I am sorry for my cousin. Bene. By my sword, Beatrice, thou lovest me. Beat. Do not swear, and eat it. Bene. 
 fresh morning air, and rejoicing in the music of the birds and the fresh breath of the spring. From a rise of the road on the shoulder of Crooksbury Hill we cou
ITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PER
rself of our company, Pistol. HOSTESS. No, good Captain Pistol; not here, sweet captain. DOLL. Captain! Thou abominable damn'd cheater, art thou not ashamed to be called captain? A
being verbatim." "'Have I anything to say? Yes, I have a deal to say. I have to make a clean breast of it all. You can hang me, or you can leave me 
d, and, by the Lord, every word of it is truth. I knew Black Peter, and when he pulled out his knife I whipped a harpoon through him sharp, for I knew that it was him or me. That's ho
hen wisely, good sir, weigh Our sorrow with our comfort. ALONSO. Prithee, peace. SEBASTIAN. He receives comfort like cold porridge. ANTONIO. The visitor will n
 hands in his pockets, began talking, rather to himself, as it seemed, than to us. "The man married a woman very much older than himself for her money," said he, "
 Holmes laughed heartily. "We will come to that in its turn," said he. "I will lay an account of the case before you in its due order, showing you the various points which guided me in my dec
?" said he. "I see that you have had some great trouble," responded Holmes. "God knows I have!--a trouble which is eno
you do not mention my name at all in connection with the case, as I choose to be only associated with those crimes which present some diffic
in Camberwell--that doesn't help us much. Name, you say, is assumed. Not much to go on, certainly. Didn't you say that you have sent him money?" "Twice." "And how?" "In notes to C
Good dawning to thee, friend. Art of this house? Kent. Ay. Osw. Where may we set our horses? Kent. I' th' mire. Osw.
 the matter will be of no importance. At present it is not too much to say that it is of such weight it may have an influence upon European history." "I promise," said Holmes. 
BY and SIR ANDREW SIR TOBY. Save you, gentleman! VIOLA. And you, sir. AGUECHEEK. Dieu vous garde, monsieur. VIOLA. Et vous a
e this single candle burning there in the middle of the moor, with no sign of life near it--just the one straight yellow flame and the gleam of the rock on ea
 Good morrow, worthy Caesar! I come to fetch you to the Senate House. CAESAR. And you are come in very happy time To bear my greeting to the senators And tell t
merous and splendidly organized. Is there a crime to be done, a paper to be abstracted, we will say, a house to be rifled, a man to be remov
friend the financier. I was shocked by the change which had come over him, for his face which was naturally of a broad
e my torch-bearer. Exeunt SCENE V. Venice. Before SHYLOCK'S house Enter SHYLOCK and LAUNCELOT SHYLOCK. Well, thou shalt see; thy eyes shall be thy judge, The difference of
irect not him whose way himself will choose. 'Tis breath thou lack'st, and that breath wilt thou lose. GAUNT. Methinks I am a prophet new inspir'd, And thus expiring do foretell of him: His ra
, wretch as he was, he was still living under the shield of British law, and I have no doubt, Inspector, that you will see that, though that shield may fail to guard, the sword of justice is s
tanding of each individual. The tradesman was put to his trade and the artisan to his calling. In the town streets and squares sprang u
 addition to the etext, or [C] any Defect. 4. WHAT IF YOU *WANT* TO SEND MONEY EVEN IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO? Project Gu
r him. CHARMIAN. Good now, some excellent fortune! Let me be married to three kings in a forenoon, and widow them all. Let me have a child at fifty, to whom Herod of Jewry may do ho
 this situation is beyond me. What I want to know, in the first place, Mr. Holmes, is, how in the world you came to hear of my existence at all." "I am in touch with Miss Dobney, Lady Frances's
nderson?" "Why, Mr. Holmes, when you were crawling in the shrubbery at High Gable I was up one of the trees in the plantation and saw you down below. It was just who would get his evidence f
re endorsed outside, as you see, 'Some particulars of the voyage of the bark Gloria Scott, from her leaving Falmouth on the 8th October, 1855, to h
As he regards his aged father's life. MARCUS. This will I do, and soon return again. Exit TAMORA. Now will I hence about thy business, 
she did send to France, To fill King Edward's fame with prisoner kings, And make her chronicle as rich with praise As is the ooze and bottom of the sea With sunken 
. "Why, whatever are you doing?" Holmes had stepped across, had lit the candle, and was passing it backward and forward across the wind
throw incense. Have I caught thee? He that parts us shall bring a brand from heaven And fire us hence like foxes. Wipe thine eyes. The goodyears shall devour 'em, 
t brisk and giddy-paced times. Come, but one verse. CURIO. He is not here, so please your lordship, that should sing it. DUKE. Who was it? CURIO. Feste
e A, if you noticed, was printed somewhat after the German fashion. Now, a real German invariably prints in the Latin character, so that we may safely say th
e to one so dear, Of such divine perfection, as Sir Proteus. LUCETTA. Better forbear till Proteus make return. JULIA. O, know'st thou not his looks are my soul's food? Pity the dearth that I have
after him. French march. Enter the DUKE OF BURGUNDY and his forces Now in the rearward comes the Duke and his. Fortune in favour makes him lag behind. Summon a parley; we will talk 
nails, de arm, de ilbow. ALICE. Sauf votre honneur, d'elbow. KATHERINE. Ainsi dis-je; d'elbow, de nick, et de sin. Comm
 the moor. Suppose that there were really some huge hound loose upon it; that would go far to explain everything. But where could such a hound lie c
y, for the name and the date, 1647, are on the back of the canvas." Holmes said little more, but the picture of the old roysterer seemed to have a fascination for him, and hi
he footmarks caused me to reconsider my views. Some of the inhabitants of the Indian Peninsula are small men, but non
ward's daughter. KING RICHARD. Wrong not her birth; she is a royal Princess. QUEEN ELIZABETH. To save her life I'll say she is not so. KI
ownright violence and storm of fortunes May trumpet to the world. My heart's subdued Even to the very quality of my lord. I saw Othello's visage in 
rd; I am the very man- Lear. I'll see that straight. Kent. That from your first of difference and decay Have followed your sad steps. Lear. You're welcome hither. Kent. Nor no man else! All
 a blank verse--why, they were never so truly turn'd over and over as my poor self in love. Marry, I cannot show it in rhyme.
 his absence every morning in the week. From the time that I heard of the assistant having come for half wages, it was obvious to me that he 
exceptions at this badge, Pronouncing that the paleness of this flower Bewray'd the faintness of my master's heart. YORK. Will not this malice, Somerset, be left? SOMERSET. Your priv
alentine. Who's this comes here? [Steps aside] Enter PROTEUS, SILVIA, and JULIA as Sebastian PROTEUS. Madam, this service I have done for you, Though you respect not
! Servilius! Enter FLAMINIUS, SERVILIUS, and another SERVANT SERVANTS. My lord! my lord! TIMON. I will dispatch you severally- you to Lord Lucius; to Lo
her father was. But dark or fair, she is my own dear little girlie, and her mother's pet." The little creature ran across at the words and nestled up against th
air, But toiling desperately to find it out- Torment myself to catch the English crown; And from that torment I will free myself Or hew my way out with a bloody axe. Why, I can smile, and murd
m she did send to France, To fill King Edward's fame with prisoner kings, And make her chronicle as rich with pr
 blue flame which flickered from a small brass tripod in the centre. It threw a livid, unnatural circle upon the floor, while in the shadows beyond we s
ed that morning, was further honoured by the entrance of the most lovely woman in London. I had often heard of the beauty of the youngest daughter of th
, the fool sent it, and the lady hath it: sweet clown, sweeter fool, sweetest lady! By the world, I would not care a pin if the other three were in. Here comes one wit
my station in the business part of the city, ostensibly as a match-seller but really as a beggar. For seven hours I plied my trade, and when I returned home in 
 murder has been committed. One of these ears is a woman's, small, finely formed, and pierced for an earring. The other is a man's, s
ll me: how was there a costard broken in a shin? MOTH. I will tell you sensibly. COSTARD. Thou hast no feeling of it, Moth; I will 
ich have been so persistently floating about. In spite of the attempts of the friends to hush the matter up, so much 
here should not be much difficulty in running him down," said Holmes with a yawn. "All right, Watson, I don't intend to meddle." "Inspector Forrester, sir," said the butler
en he liv'd, Staring full ghastly like a strangled man; His hair uprear'd, his nostrils stretch'd with struggling; His hands abroad display'd, as one that grasp'd And tugg'
make void my suit. Before thy coming, Lewis was Henry's friend. LEWIS. And still is friend to him and Margaret. But if your title to the crown be weak, As may appear by Edward's good s
k is the worthier. CARDINAL. Ambitious Warwick, let thy betters speak. WARWICK. The Cardinal's not my better in the field. BUCKINGHAM. All in this pr
I have possess'd him my most stay Can be but brief; for I have made him know I have a servant comes w
ould like further information about World Library, Inc. Please call them at 1-800-443-0238 or email julianc@netcom.com Please give them our thanks for their Shakespeare cooperation! The official rele
and walls were like a slaughter-house. He had called it a cabin, and a cabin it was sure enough, for you would have thought that you were in a s
ered. "I must borrow Mrs. Forrester's poker." There was in the front a thick and broad hasp, wrought in the image of a sitt
heavens! what have I done? For this time will I take my leave, my lord. TROILUS. Your leave, sweet Cressid! PANDARUS. Le
h. He hath, my lord, of late made many tenders Of his affection to me. Pol. Affection? Pooh! You speak like a green girl,
see that a young lady, otherwise neatly dressed, has come away from home with odd boots, half-buttoned, it is no great deduction to say that she came away in a hurry." "And what else?" I a
hen, be cheerful And think of each thing well. [Aside to ARIEL] Come hither, spirit; Set Caliban and his companions free; Untie the spell. [Exit ARIEL] How fares my gracious sir? There are yet m
lantern. Holmes swung it slowly round, and peered keenly at the house, and at the great rubbish-heaps which cumbered the grounds. Miss Morstan and I stood together, and her hand was in mine. A wond
d an express command, under penalty, to deliver his head in the view of Angelo? I may make my case as Claudio's, to cross this in the smallest. DUKE. By the vow of min
ust.' "'The original has no date, but is in the spelling of the middle of the seventeenth century,' remarked Musgrave. 'I am afraid, however, that it can be of little help to you in solv
 the frame wherein 'tis held, And perspective it is best painter's art. For through the painter must you see his skill, To find w
ysium; next day, after dawn, Doth rise and help Hyperion to his horse; And follows so the ever-running year With profitable labour, to his grave. And bu
er dear face, it's that that turns my soul into water. And yet--and yet--what less could I do? I'll tell you my story, gentlemen, and then I'll ask you as man to 
 COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR O
ises with my habit no loss shall touch her by my company. PROVOST. In good time. Exit PROVOST DUKE. The hand that hath made you fair ha
'em from me, with this reason: his master would be serv'd before a subject, if not before the King; which stopp'd our mouths, sir.' I fear he will
 know them. TIMON. You that way, and you this- but two in company; Each man apart, all single and alone, Yet an arch-villain keeps him company. [To th
l, merely for cruelty's sake, and whether he derives this from his smiling father, as I should suspect, or from hi
 of Mary Morstan looking down upon me. CHAPTER IX A Break in the Chain It was late in the afternoon before I woke, strengthened and refreshed. She
eature unprepar'd, unmeet for death; And to transport him in the mind he is Were damnable. PROVOST. Here in the prison, father, There d
after us. Come on! We'll see it through if all the fiends of the pit were loose upon the moor." We stumbled slowly along in the darkness, with the black loom of the craggy hills around us, and the
 in the house. For half an hour I waited with every nerve on the alert, but there came no other sound save the chiming clock and the rustle of the ivy on the wall. CH
ur good flock shall prosper. PERDITA. [To POLIXENES] Sir, welcome. It is my father's will I should take on me The hostess-ship o' th' day. [To CAMILLO] You're welcome, sir.
l of the police. Naturally he had no doubt that Cadogan West was guilty. But all the rest was inconceiva
OAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. SCENE 1. London. The QUEEN'S apartments Enter the QUEEN and her wom
wsy blood, Together with his mangled Myrmidons, That noseless, handless, hack'd and chipp'd, come to him, Crying on Hector. Ajax hath lost a friend And foams at mouth, an
ieve it better than reportingly. Exit. Scene II. A room in Leonato's house. Enter Don Pedro, Claudio, Benedick, and Leonato. Pedro. I do but stay till your marriage be consummate, a
ing her] NYM. I cannot kiss, that is the humour of it; but adieu. PISTOL. Let housewifery appear; keep close, I thee command. HOSTESS. Farewell; adieu. Exeunt 
Lestrade and Gregson. The man was apprehended, it appears, in the rooms of a certain Mr. Sherlock Holmes, who has himself, as an amateur, shown some talent in the detective line, and who, with
certainly confirm the very high opinion which I had formed of his abilities. I am pleased to think that I shall be able to free society from any further effects of his presence, th
s or more down the lane. I saw where Boots had faced round, where the snow was cut up as though there had been a struggle, and, finally, where a few drops 
d it to the order of the late Professor Moriarty. For years I have been aware of its existence, though I have never before had the opportunity of handling it. I 
, take his sword away; Bind Dromio too, and bear them to my house. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Run, master, run; for God's sake take a house. This is s
of the day's beauty. Let us be Diana's Foresters, Gentlemen of the Shade, Minions of the Moon; and let men say we be men of good government, being governed as the sea is, by our noble and
or scion. RODERIGO. It cannot be. IAGO. It is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will. Come, be a man! Drown thyself? Drown cats and blind puppies. I have pr
is wasted, the sooner it wears. That thou art my son I have partly thy mother's word, partly my own opinion, but chiefly
 been judge, thou shouldst have had ten more, To bring thee to the gallows, not to the font. Exit SHYLOCK DUKE OF VENICE. Sir, I entreat you home with
'd on than a pipe? Call me what instrument you will, though you can fret me, you cannot play upon me. Enter Polonius. God bless you, sir! Pol. My lord, the
to stand for him. BEROWNE. Go, bid them prepare. COSTARD. We will turn it finely off, sir; we will take some c
s my dagger, And here my naked breast; within, a heart Dearer than Pluto's mine, richer than gold. If that thou best a Roman, take it forth; I, that denied thee gold, will give my heart. Strike, 
ep: Thus runs the world away. Would not this, sir, and a forest of feathers- if the rest of my fortunes turn Turk with me-with two Provincial roses on my r
erpetual shame Out of the weak door of our fainting land. Straight let us seek, or straight we shall be sought; The Dauphin rages at our very heels. SALISBURY
ys. Say, it's awful dry, ain't it? Ain't there no water, nor nothing to eat?" "No, there ain't nothing, dearie. You'll just need to 
s Gregson Shows What He Can Do The papers next day were full of the "Brixton Mystery," as they termed it. Each had a long account of the affair, and some 
Jack! Oh, for God's sake!" cried poor, distracted Ettie. "Oh, Jack, Jack, he will hurt you!" "Oh, it's Jack, is it?" said Baldwin with an oath. "You've come to that already, have you?
 might." "He only, as I understand, gave an inarticulate cry?" "Yes." "A call for help, you thought?" "Yes. He waved his hands." "But it might have b
Rome, Renowned Titus, flourishing in arms. Let us entreat, by honour of his name Whom worthily you would have now succeed, And in the Capitol and Senate's right, Whom you pretend to honour a
er had come out of her room, attracted by the violent ringing of the bell. They had gone to the front of the house together. As they reached the botto
help to crave and my dear hap to tell. Exit Scene III. Friar Laurence's cell. Enter Friar, [Laurence] alone, with a basket. Friar. The grey-ey'd mo
t SCENE 4. A camp in Wales Enter EARL OF SALISBURY and a WELSH CAPTAIN CAPTAIN. My Lord of Salisbury, we have stay'd ten days And hardly kept our countrymen together, And yet we hear no tidin
ETRIUS. O, why rebuke you him that loves you so? Lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe. HERMIA. Now I but chide, but I should use thee worse
ue upon it! I have forgot the map. Glend. No, here it is. Sit, cousin Percy; sit, good cousin Hotspur, For by that name as oft as Lancaster Doth
ess: thou shalt hold th' opinion of Pythagoras ere I will allow of thy wits; and fear to kill a woodcock, lest thou dispossess the soul of thy grandam. Fare thee we
's a stage, And all the men and women merely players; They have their exits and their entrances; And on
 shoes," it ran, "were dug up in the moat of Holdernesse Hall. They are for the use of horses; but they are shaped below with a cloven foot of iron, so as to throw pursuers o
gton. I had not been in my study five minutes when the maid entered to say that a person desired to see
id Holmes. "Were you alone during this conversation?" "Absolutely." "In a large room?" "Thirty feet each way." "In the centre?" "Yes, abo
 was no record. Madame had left the place immediately afterwards. Jules Vibart, and, what was of more importance, Jules V
rful place," said the detective with a shiver, glancing round him at the gloomy slopes of the hill and at the huge lake of fog which lay over the
f it be so, out with it boldly, man; Quick is mine ear to hear of good towards him. ROSS. No good at all that I can do for him; Unless you call it good to pity him, Bereft and gelded of his 
ybe we just jolted it off between us. Anyhow, he got both barrels in the face, and there I was, staring down at all that was left of Ted Baldwin. I'd recognized him in the township,
 while, Till we can clear these ambiguities And know their spring, their head, their true descent; And then will I be general of your woes And lead you even to death. Meantime forbear, 
 and the Abergavenny murder is coming up for trial. Only a very important issue could call me from London at present." "Important!" Our visitor threw up his hands. "Have you heard nothing
wish to speak to you, but would rather not do so in your house. You will find me beside the flagstaff upon Miller Hill. If you will come there now, I have something whic
olent death during the very hours when we know that that drama was being enacted. The odds are enormous against its being coincidence. No figures could express them. No, my dear Watson, the tw
n as the sun sank behind the high towers of Holdernesse Hall. Then in the gloom we saw the two side-lamps of a trap light up in the stable yard of the inn, and shortly afte
behind the curtain near your door, whence he could see what passed in the hall beneath. He saw her stealthily open the window, hand out the coronet to someone in the gloom, and then closing it on
 Lord Lucullus to borrow so many talents; nay, urg'd extremely for't, and showed what necessity belong'd to't, and yet was denied. LUCIUS. How? SEC
e did I see that low-spirited swain, that base minnow of thy mirth,' COSTARD. Me? KING. 'that unlettered small-knowing soul,' COSTA
rudely stamp'd, and want love's majesty To strut before a wanton ambling nymph- I-that am curtail'd of this fair proportion, Cheated of feature by dissembling nature, Deform'd, unfinish'd, sent 
s, stay for me. Exeunt SCENE II. The French camp Enter the DAUPHIN, ORLEANS, RAMBURES, and others ORLEANS. The sun doth gild our armour; up, my lords! DA
 the moor at night. Incredible as it may appear to you, Mr. Holmes, he was honestly convinced that a dreadful fate overhung his family, and certainly the records which he was able to give of 
 it. Pray don't think it a liberty if I give you a word of friendly warning." "Of warning, Mr. Holmes?" "I have looked into this case with some care
me to, Mrs. Douglas. You have known your husband only in England, have you not?" "Yes, we have been married five years." "Have you heard him speak o
omes the Briton. Let him be so entertained amongst you as suits with gentlemen of your knowing to a stranger of his quality. I beseech you all be better known to this gentleman, whom I commend to yo
t am I sick for fear. Speak it again. Twice saying 'pardon' doth not pardon twain, But makes one pardon strong. BO
, Your aprons mountant; you are not oathable, Although I know you'll swear, terribly swear, Into strong shudders and to heavenly agues, Th' immortal gods tha
 children came with me. I started a dry goods store on Market Square, and I prospered well. The word had gone round that I was a Freeman, and I was forced to join the local lodg
nt Of what hath mov'd you. Lear. It may be so, my lord. Hear, Nature, hear! dear goddess, hear! Suspend thy purpose, if thou didst intend To make this creature fruitful. Int
like a satyr, ANNE PAGE as a fairy, and OTHERS as the Fairy Queen, fairies, and Hobgoblin; all with tapers FAIRY QUEEN. Fairies, black, grey, green, and
d the well-remembered door, which must always be associated in my mind with my wooing, and with the dark incidents of the Study in Scarlet, I was seized with a keen desire t
l suffer us To this unlook'd-for, unprepared pomp. Exeunt all but the BASTARD BASTARD. Mad world! mad kings! mad composition! John, to stop Ar
on but his name. Exit SCENE 2. ORLEANS. Within the town Enter TALBOT, BEDFORD, BURGUNDY, a CAPTAIN, and others BEDFORD. The day begins to break, and night is fled Who
 order to reach the billiard-room I had to descend a flight of stairs and then to cross the head of a passage which led to the library and the gun-room. You
d make else an unquiet house. SHYLOCK. [Aside] These be the Christian husbands! I have a daughter- Would any of the stock of Barrabas Had been her husband, ra
aring the same cell. You know, Watson, I don't mind confessing to you that I have always had an idea that I would have made a highly efficient criminal. This is the chance of my lifetime 
that she had to pass for the station. I kept my eye on her after that, for I knew there was some devilry in the wind. I saw them from time to time, for I w
t not? A couple seek refuge in London from a very terrible and instant danger. The measure of that danger is the rigour of their precautions
aitors too. In her they are the better for their simpleness; she derives her honesty, and achieves her goodness. LAFEU. Your commendations, madam, get from
nnot be lost, Yet it shall be tempest-toss'd. Look what I have. SECOND WITCH. Show me, show me. FIRST WITCH. Here I have a pilot's thumb, 
 troops of English after him. French march. Enter the DUKE OF BURGUNDY and his forces Now in the rearward comes the Duke and his. Fortune in favour makes him lag behin
ow yourself clear, why, I am glad of it; but if you have a friend here, convey, convey him out. Be not amaz'd; call al
 be not like your mistress! Be moved, be moved. Exeunt SCENE II. Verona. JULIA'S house Enter PROTEUS and JULIA PROTEUS. Have patience, gentle Julia. JULIA. I must, where is no remedy. PROTE
ortunity to receive it electronically. THIS ETEXT IS OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS". NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE MADE TO YOU AS TO THE ETEXT OR ANY MEDIUM IT M
ket-maid to Rome, and have prevented The ostentation of our love, which left unshown Is often left unlov'd. We should have met you By sea a
As well as I could learn, Miss Alice had rights of her own by will, but she was so quiet and patient, she was, that she never said a word about them but just 
ments, When thou hast hung thy advanced sword i' th' air, Not letting it decline on the declined; That I have said to some my standers-by 'Lo, Jupite
'I am conqueror of myself.' Thou art sworn, Eros, That, when the exigent should come- which now Is come indeed- when I should see behind me Th' inevitable prosecution of Disgrace and 
lso in the next. I am a good Catholic; but the priest would have no word with me when he heard I was a Scowrer, and I am excommunicated from my faith. That's how it stands with me. And I s
l. About five ft. seven in. in height; strongly built, sallow complexion, black hair, a little bald in the centre, bushy, black side-whiskers and mous
ation, modification, or addition to the etext, or [C] any Defect. 4. WHAT IF YOU *WANT* TO SEND MONEY EVEN IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO? Project Gu
ich we must certainly not neglect. As Desborough, their horse, was second in the betting, they had an interest in the disappearance of the fav
me! Gentle my lord, You scarce can right me throughly then to say You did mistake. LEONTES. No; if I mistake In those foundations which I build upon, The centre is not 
 Cadogan West take the papers, where are the missing ones, how did he die, how came his body where it was found, how can the evil be set right? Find an answer to all these questions, and you will
 there been seen, With tears augmenting the fresh morning's dew, Adding to clouds more clouds with his deep sighs; But all
God! What an exposure! What can I do?" Sherlock Holmes sat down beside him on the couch and patted him kindly on the shoulder. "If you leave
am proof against their enmity. Jul. I would not for the world they saw thee here. Rom. I have night's cloak to hide me from their sight; And but thou love me, let them find me here. My life were bet
. You jack'nape; give-a this letter to Sir Hugh; by gar, it is a shallenge; I will cut his troat in de park; and I will teach a scurvy jack-a-nape prie
IME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> SCENE.--Messina. ACT I. Scene I. An orchard before Leonato's house. Enter Leonato (G
an from Italy annoy us; but We grieve at chances here. Away! Exeunt all but PISANIO PISANIO. I heard no letter from my master since I wrote him Imogen was slain
st the dead man, he enters the room that night, searches his private papers in the hope of discovering some memorandum relating to the treasure, and finally leaves a memento of his visit in the sh
way, Self-mettle tires him. Not a man in England Can advise me like you; be to yourself As you would to your friend. BUCKINGHAM. I'll to the King, And from a mouth of honour quite cry down This 
s face. "'You don't know me?' he asked. "'Why, dear me, it is surely Hudson,' said Mr. Trevor in a tone of surprise. "'Hudson it is, sir,' said the seaman. 'Why, it's thirty year and more s
ate till another time, When Caesar's wife shall meet with better dreams." If Caesar hide himself, shall they not whisper "Lo, Caesar is afraid"? Pardon me, Caesar, for my dear dear love To your pr
 Jones's well-known technical knowledge and his powers of minute observation have enabled him to prove conclusively that the miscreants could not have entered by the door or by the windo
re be six Richmonds in the field; Five have I slain to-day instead of him. A horse! a horse! my kingd
 moveables; Let senses rule. The word is 'Pitch and Pay.' Trust none; For oaths are straws, men's faiths are wafer-
owing new hate after new love bearing: But why of two oaths' breach do I accuse thee, When I break twenty? I am perjured most, For all my vows are oaths but to misuse thee: An
mild entreaty shall not make you guilty. Go where you will, the King shall be commanded; And be you kings: command, and I'll obey. FIRST KEEPER. We 
woman in amazement. Was it possible that this stolidly respectable person was of the same blood as one of the most notorious criminals in the country? "Yes, sir, my name was Selden, a
 easier to be play'd on than a pipe? Call me what instrument you will, though you can fret me, you cannot play upon me. Enter Polonius. God bless you, sir! Pol. My lord, the Queen would speak
 us; And bid her steal into the pleached bower, Where honeysuckles, ripened by the sun, Forbid the sun to enter--like favourites, Made proud by princes, tha
ten by jackals and native dogs. A little further up the road Dawson himself was lying on his face, quite dead, with an empty revolver in his hand and four Sepoys lying across each
false finger have profan'd the ring, Mine shall not do his Julia so much wrong. JULIA. She thanks you. SILVIA. What say'st thou? JULIA. I thank you, madam, that you tender her. Poor gentlewoman, my m
 having scap'd a tempest, Is straightway calm'd, and boarded with a pirate; But now is Cade driven back, his men dispers'd, And now is York in ar
, how he dares, being dared. Mer. Alas, poor Romeo, he is already dead! stabb'd with a white wench's black eye; shot through the ear with a love song; the very pin of his heart cleft with the
 thou must make thy friends, Have but their stings and teeth newly ta'en out; By whose fell working I was first advanc'd, And by whose power I well might lodge a 
ions. It was a summer evening when he came galloping down the road and pulled up at the gate. She was at the doorway, and came down to meet him. He threw the bridle over the fence and strod
nd forgotten? CHIEF JUSTICE. I then did use the person of your father; The image of his power lay then in me; And in th' administration of his law, Whiles I was busy for the commonwealth, 
CASSIO, lieutenant to Othello THE DUKE OF VENICE BRABANTIO, Venetian Senator, father of Desdemona GRATIANO, nobleman of Venice, brother of Brabanti
 A drop of blood a day and, being aged, Die of this folly. Exit, with LORDS Enter PISANIO QUEEN. Fie! you must give way. Here is your servant. How now, sir! What news? PISANIO. My lord 
s And show us to be watchers. Be not lost So poorly in your thoughts. MACBETH. To know my deed, 'twere best not know myself. Knocking within. Wake Duncan with thy knock
T OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT
 independent about money and never would look at a shilling of mine. And yet, what could have happened? And why could he not write? Oh, it drives me half-mad to think of it, and I
success when you are absent. QUEEN MARGARET. Ay, good my lord, and leave us to our fortune. KING HENRY. Why, that's my fortune
rachma! Cushions, leaden spoons, Irons of a doit, doublets that hangmen would Bury with those that wore them, these base slaves, Ere yet the fight be done, pack up. Down with them! Exeunt pillagers
E's with three letters between might very well stand for the name 'ELSIE.' On examination I found that such a combination formed
dreds of times." "Then how many are there?" "How many? I don't know." "Quite so! You have not observed. And yet you have seen. That is just my point. Now, I know that there are sev
ct this midnight drama? Clearly, only one could fit into the hole, and that one was Brunton. The girl must have waited above. Brunton then 
 of thee takes my weeping eye. Exeunt SCENE 3. The lists at Coventry Enter the LORD MARSHAL and the DUKE OF AUMERLE MARSHAL.
in; For thy mistaking so, we pardon thee. CLIFFORD. This is my King, York, I do not mistake; But thou mistakes me much to
mes. We picked up the scent at Charing Cross Post-Office and came on here." "But why do you follow me? What do you want?" "We w
there, he and I shall meet; and till then peace be with him. [Exit.] Pedro. He is in earnest. Claud. In most profound earnest; and, I'll warra
hip, To-day, as I came by, I called there- But I shall grieve you to report the rest. YORK. What is't, knave? SERVINGMAN. An hour before I came, the Duchess died. YORK. God fo
 cruelty play for a kingdom the gentler gamester is the soonest winner. Tucket. Enter MONTJOY MONTJOY. You know 
 a few minutes by the police sergeant, who arrived at the scene of the crime a little after twelve o'clock, after taking prompt steps to warn the coun
ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PER
out me quivers. Scurvy knave! Pray you, sir, a word; and, as I told you, my young lady bid me enquire you out. What she bid me say, I will keep to myself; but first
t sin My mild entreaty shall not make you guilty. Go where you will, the King shall be commanded; And be you kings: command, and I'll obey. FIRST KEEPER. We are tr
e found, Being one too many by my weary self- Pursu'd my humour, not Pursuing his, And gladly shunn'd who gladly fled from
ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Ay, that's my name. ANGELO. I know it well, sir. Lo, here is the chain. I thought to have ta'en you at the Porpentine; The chain 
s; and France be fortunate! Exeunt SCENE 3. Before Angiers Alarum, excursions. Enter LA PUCELLE PUCELLE. The 
or Briony Lodge. "Irene Adler is married," remarked Holmes. "Married! When?" "Yesterday." "But to whom?" "To an English lawyer named Norton." "But s
em that this world did equal theirs Till they had stol'n our jewel. All's but nought; Patience is sottish, and impatience does Become a dog that's mad. Then is i
is companion. "Then we meet again at two o'clock. Au revoir, and good-morning!" We heard the steps of our visitors descend the stair and the bang of the
tion to it. Here you are, Peterson, run down to the advertising agency and have this put in the evening papers." "In which, sir?" "Oh, in the Globe, Star, Pall Ma
have your good will to have mine own good fortunes. PAROLLES. You had my prayers to lead them on; and to keep them on
e enemy Rather in power than use, and keep thy friend Under thy own life's key; be check'd for silence, But never tax'd for speech. What heaven more will, That thee may furnish, and my prayers pluc
ould trust me,' she cried, with a great sigh of relief. 'It shall be just as you wish. Come away--oh, come away up to the house.' "Still pulling at my sleeve, she le
cted burglar; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to fu
s a medical man. But with me there is a limit, and when I find a man who keeps his cigars in the coal-scuttle, his tobacco in the toe end of a Persian 
eft his side. Hark!" A terrible scream--a prolonged yell of horror and anguish--burst out of the silence of the moor. Th
parture with the visit to the hotel a day or two before of a tall, dark, bearded man. "Un sauvage--un vritable sauvage!" cried Jules Vibart. The man had rooms somewh
t does them by the weakest minister. So holy writ in babes hath judgment shown, When judges have been babes. Great floods have flown From simple sources, and great seas have dried When miracles have 
 got our case--one of the most remarkable in our collection. But, dear me, how slow-witted I have been, and how nearly I have committed the blunder of my 
nd a stolid village policeman made up the rest of that strange company. The two women told their story clearly enough. They had been aroused from their sleep 
r horror in a single instant blasted their minds. Holmes walked slowly and thoughtfully among the flower-plots and along the path before we entered the p
legend very seriously. His ingenious mind instantly suggested a way by which the baronet could be done to death, and yet it would be hardly possible to bring home the guilt to the real
 For shame, oman. QUICKLY. YOU do ill to teach the child such words. He teaches him to hick and to hack, which they'll do fast enough of themselves; and to call 'horum'
behind the substance. Here's the scroll, The continent and summary of my fortune. 'You that choose not by the view, Chance as fair and choose as true! Since this fo
 chasm. I had no serious difficulty in getting out of it, for the very simple reason that I never was in it." "You never were in it?" "No, Watson, I n
m talk of the coal and iron districts. He had travelled a good deal in his time." "Was he a politician? Had this secret society to do with politics?" "No, he cared nothing
 CAESAR. He is a dreamer; let us leave him. Pass. Sennet. Exeunt all but Brutus and Cassius. CASSIUS. Will you go see the order of the course? BRUTUS. Not I. CASSIU
possible. Therefore I had to determine where Mr. John Douglas himself could be, and the balance of probability was that with the connivance of his wife and his friend he was concealed in a 
ungry lioness? OLIVER. Twice did he turn his back, and purpos'd so; But kindness, nobler ever than revenge, And nature, stronger than his just occasion, Made h
no longer; make we hence amain. Exeunt SCENE IV. Another part of the field Excursions. Enter RICHARD and CLIFFORD RICHARD. Now, Clifford, I have singled thee alone. Suppose 
 not Myself dispos'd to sleep. ANTONIO. Nor I; my spirits are nimble. They fell together all, as by consent; They dropp'd, as by a thunde
ded, and he sat down with an air of deep dejection. "No, thank you, sir. I breakfasted before I came round. I spent the night in town, for I came up yesterday to report." "And what had you to repo
eeping here was found With these mortals on the ground. Exeunt To the winding of horns, enter THESEUS, HIPPOLYTA, EGEUS, and train THESEUS. Go, one of you, find out the forester; For now our obser
s any man I can imagine. THIRD SERVANT. Do't! He will do't; for look you, sir, he has as many friends as enemies; which friends, sir, as it were, durst n
ges were traced home to the perpetrators. For some years the organisation flourished in spite of the efforts of the United States government and of the better classes o
en o'clock she rose to leave me, but she paused at the door and looked back. "'Tell me, Helen,' said she, 'have you ever heard anyone whistle in the dead of the night?' "'Never,' said I. "'I suppose
 curses, yet he gives me love. HELENA. O that my prayers could such affection move! HERMIA. The more I hate, the more he f
ers have transported me beyond This ignorant present, and I feel now The future in the instant. MACBETH. My dearest love, Duncan comes here tonight. LADY MACBETH
It was a page torn from a note-book. The markings were done in pencil, and ran in this way:-- [ Picture: Picture of several figures of dancing men, 
asca, with his sword drawn, and Cicero. CICERO. Good even, Casca. Brought you Caesar home? Why are you breathless, and why stare you so? CASCA. Are not you moved, when all the sway 
ful agent, do correct Their proud contempt that beats His peace to heaven! KING PHILIP. Peace be to England, if that war return From France to Eng
 straight-pight Minerva, Postures beyond brief nature; for condition, A shop of all the qualities that man Loves woman for; besides that hook of wiving, F
GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONL
 NIGHT'S DREAM by William Shakespeare DRAMATIS PERSONAE THESEUS, Duke of Athens EGEUS, father to Hermia LYSANDER, in love with Hermia DEMETRIUS, in 
hard cash when goods delivered. Pierrot. "A fairly complete record, Watson! If we could only get at the man at the other end!" He sat lost in though
lock on a cold, frosty winter's evening. As Holmes turned up the lamp the light fell upon a card on the table. He glanced at it, and then, with an ejaculation of disgust, threw it on the floor. I pi
oeing-horn in a chain, hanging at his brother's leg-to what form but that he is, should wit larded with malice, and malice forced with wit, turn him to? To an ass, we
was left once again to his thoughts. Night had now fallen, and the flames of the frequent furnaces were roaring and leaping in the darkness. Against their lurid background dark figures were bending a
were level; Diana no queen of virgins, that would suffer her poor knight surpris'd without rescue in the first assault, or ransom afterward. This she deliver'd in the most bitter touch of s
ad not left his side. Hark!" A terrible scream--a prolonged yell of horror and anguish--burst out of the silence of the moor. That frightful cry turn
e to supper tonight, you may; an you will not, come when you are next prepared for. Exit. IAGO. After her, after her. CASSIO. Fai
rave. [A shout and flourish] Hark! the trumpets. VOLUMNIA. These are the ushers of Marcius. Before him he carries noise, and behind him he leaves tears; Death, tha
ut mad in craft. 'Twere good you let him know; For who that's but a queen, fair, sober, wise, Would from a paddock, from a bat, a gib Such dear concernings hide? Who would do so? No, in despite of se
t robb'd the lion of his heart And fought the holy wars in Palestine, By this brave duke came early to his grave; And for amends to his posterity, At our importance hither is he come T
 Fal. O Hal, I prithee give me leave to breathe awhile. Turk Gregory never did such deeds in arms as I have done this day. I have paid Percy; I have made him sure. Prince. He is indeed, and
edge above the Reichenbach Fall." The Colonel still stared at my friend like a man in a trance. "You cunning, cunning fiend!" was all that he co
t Polonius.] Will you two help to hasten them? Both. We will, my lord. Exeunt they two. Ham. What, ho, Horatio! Enter Horatio. Hor. Here, sweet lord, at your ser
able misleader of youth, Falstaff, that old white-bearded Satan. Fal. My lord, the man I know. Prince. I know thou dost. Fal. But to say I know more harm in him 
 It was evening before we reached the little town of Tavistock, which lies, like the boss of a shield, in the middle of the huge circle of Dartmoor. Two gentlemen were awaiting us in the station
ring; the other, that at dinner they should not drop in his porridge. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. You would all this time have prov'd there is no time for all things. DROMIO
, but Hosmer was very independent about money and never would look at a shilling of mine. And yet, what could have happened? And why could he not write? Oh, it drives me half-mad t
order of the Bodymaster of my own lodge? If it's right or if it's wrong, it's for you to decide." "You'll do it, then?" "Of course I will do it." "When?" "Well, you had
s man, lady, hath robb'd many beasts of their particular additions: he is as valiant as a lion, churlish as the bear, slow as the elephant-a man into whom nature hath so crowded humours that his valo
lve it yourself, Mycroft? You can see as far as I." "Possibly, Sherlock. But it is a question of getting details. Give me your details, and from an armchair 
e was brooding. There was but one problem before the public which could challenge his powers of analysis, and that was the singular disappearance of the favorite for the Wessex Cup, and the 
orrect," I thought to myself, "or else he will be led now to the heart of the mystery." There was no need for him to ask me to wait up for him, for I felt that sleep was impo
ickly leap into wife. Or if I might buffet for my love, or bound my horse for her favours, I could lay on like a butcher, and sit like a jack-an-apes, never off. But, before God, Kate, I cannot
between the baronet's teeth, and two frightened eyes were looking up at us. "My God!" he whispered. "What was it? What, in heaven's name, was it?" "It's dead, whatever it is," said Holme
s. BASSANIO. Good signiors both, when shall we laugh? Say when. You grow exceeding strange; must it be so? SALERIO. We'll make our leisures to attend on yours. Exeunt SALERIO and SOLANIO LORE
good lady's death, and that my lord your son was upon his return home, I moved the King my master to speak in the behalf of my daughter; which, in the minorit
ing knife unto the root From whence that tender spray did sweetly spring- I mean our princely father, Duke of York. WARWICK. From off the gates of York fetch down the head, Your father's head, which 
hee for it a thousand pound. Ask me when thou wilt, and, thou shalt have it. Poins. [within] Francis! Fran. Anon, anon. Prince. Anon, 
up in the enclosure near the grand stand I glanced at the card to see the entries. Wessex Plate [it ran] 50 sovs. each h ft with 1000 sovs. added, for four and five year olds. Second, 3
ax. Henceforth I will not have to do with pity: Meet I an infant of the house of York, Into as many gobbets will I cut it As wild Medea young Absyrtus did; In cruelty will I seek out my fame. Come,
nest as any man living that is an old man and no honester than I. Dog. Comparisons are odorous. Palabras, neighbour Verges. Leon. Neighbours, you are tedious. Dog. It pleases your worship to say so
nts, Wherewith you now bedew King Henry's hearse, I must inform you of a dismal fight Betwixt the stout Lord Talbot and the French. WINCHESTER. What! Wherein Talbot overcame? Is't so
 that case no doubt his family--" "Nothing of the sort, sir!" screamed the little man. "Don't look to me for a penny--not a penny! You understand that, Mr. Detective! I am all the family that thi
 for her." "Well, it is a possible supposition." "You think so, too?" "I did not say a probable one. But you do not yourself look upon this as likely?" "I do not t
 a terror through all Central America. At the end of that time there was a universal rising against him. But he was as cunning as he was 
D BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR
 venison pasty to dinner; come, gentlemen, I hope we shall drink down all unkindness. Exeunt all but SHALLOW, SLENDER, and EVANS SLENDER. I had r
you knew Ford, sir, that you might avoid him if you saw him. FALSTAFF. Hang him, mechanical salt-butter rogue! I will stare him out of his wits; I will awe him with my cudgel;
ade looked at Holmes as if he thought he was going out of his mind. I confess that I was myself surprised both at his hilarious manner and at his rather wild observation. "I do
Or hand of man hath done; therefore I keep it Lonely, apart. But here it is. Prepare To see the life as lively mock'd as ever Still sleep mock'd death. Behold; and say 'tis
o their glutt'nous maws. You do yourselves but wrong to stir me up; Let me pass quietly. Believe't, my lord and I have made an end: I have no more to reck
is, and I will ne'er say no. KING. These be the stops that hinder study quite, And train our intellects to vain delight. BEROWNE. Why, all delights are vain; but that most vain Which, wit
ttention, since, although it was reported as having cleared from London, the name is that which is given to one of the states of the Union." "Texas, I think." "I was not and am n
 lives in thy mind? What seest thou else In the dark backward and abysm of time? If thou rememb'rest aught, ere thou cam'st here, How thou ca
an to man, he had not apprehension Or roaring terrors; for defect of judgment Is oft the cease of fear. Re-enter GUIDERIUS with CLOTEN'S head But, see, thy brother. GUIDERI
d the matter over again, and at last we came to an arrangement. We were to provide both the officers with charts of the part of the Agra fort a
n's no dearer. BERTRAM. Thank your Majesty. Exeunt [Flourish] ACT I. SCENE 3. Rousillon. The COUNT'S palace Enter COUNTESS, STEWARD, and CLOWN COUNTES
o proclaim it civilly were like A halter'd neck which does the hangman thank For being yare about him. Re-enter a SERVANT with THYREUS Is he whipt? SERVANT. Soundly, my lord. ANT
ll. "I have been too busy to think of food, and I am likely to be busier still this evening. By the way, Doctor, I shall want your co-operation." "I shall be
- all I have. He hath eaten me out of house and home; he hath put all my substance into that fat belly of his. But I will have some of it out again, or I will ride thee a nights like a mare.
pen, and a savage-looking, weather-beaten man in tattered garments strode into the room. Without a glance or a word to the cowering women, he walked up to the w
iting game." "My word, it does not seem a very cheerful place," said the detective with a shiver, glancing round him at the gloomy slopes of the hill and at the huge lake of fog which la
he injurious gods; To tell them that this world did equal theirs Till they had stol'n our jewel. All's but nought; Patience is sottish, and impatience does Become a dog that's mad. Then i
ow yourself your father's son in deed More than in words? Laer. To cut his throat i' th' church! King. No place indeed should murther sanctuarize; Revenge should hav
pale-fac'd fear keep with the mean-born man And find no harbour in a royal heart. Faster than spring-time show'rs comes thought on thought, And no
 dirty, with a small, driving rain. It was dreary work standing in the gate-way hour after hour in such weather. I tried again and again to make my Sikhs talk, but without much succe
u did not so when your vile daggers Hack'd one another in the sides of Caesar. You show'd your teeth like apes, and fawn'd like hounds, And bow'd like bondmen, kissing Caesar's feet; Whil
h ambiguous giving out, to note That you know aught of me- this is not to do, So grace and mercy at your most need help you, Swear. Ghost. [beneath] Swear. [They swear.] Ham. Rest
 Verona, old Antonio's son. My father dead, my fortune lives for me; And I do hope good days and long to see. GREMIO. O Sir, such a life with such a wif
l, which, as I understand, is situated in its own grounds on one side of the road. Anything else?" "Nothing, Mr. Holmes, save that I was so perplexed that I felt I should not be happy un
ince. I will give thee for it a thousand pound. Ask me when thou wilt, and, thou shalt have it. Poins. [within] Francis! Fran. Anon, anon. Prince. Anon, Fr
w about no waste; I am about thrift. Briefly, I do mean to make love to Ford's wife; I spy entertainment in her; she discourses, she carves, she gives the leer of invitation; I can constr
 And thus I cur'd him; and this way will I take upon me to wash your liver as clean as a sound sheep's heart, that there shall not be one spot of love in 't. ORLANDO. I would not be cured, 
rang a single black column of smoke. "Welcome, Sir Henry! Welcome to Baskerville Hall!" A tall man had stepped from the shadow of the porch to open the door of the wagonette. The figure of a 
y this; It will not be avoided but by this. Therefore, dear mother-I must call you so- Be the attorney of my love to her; Plead what I will be, not what I have been; Not my deserts, but w
 now about no waste; I am about thrift. Briefly, I do mean to make love to Ford's wife; I spy entertainment in her; she discourses, she carves, she gives the leer of invitation; I can construe th
imagine how you knew that I owned such a thing." "Of course you must have been surprised, but the explanation is very simple. Mr. Harding, of Harding Brothers, said tha
he players make haste, [Exit Polonius.] Will you two help to hasten them? Both. We will, my lord. Exeunt they two. Ham. What, ho, Horatio! Enter Horatio. Hor. Here, sweet lord, at your service. Ham.
 from thee on my peril. BRAKENBURY. No, madam, no. I may not leave it so; I am bound by oath, and therefore pardon me. Exit Enter STANLEY STANLEY. Let me but mee
like, thou art Protector And lookest to command the Prince and realm. Thy wife is proud; she holdeth thee in awe More than God or religious churchmen may. GLOUCESTER. Name not religion, for thou 
ot, Jule?' and, by my holidam, The pretty wretch left crying, and said 'Ay.' To see now how a jest shall come about! I warrant, an I should live a thousand yeas, I never should for
UDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE I. The woods. Before TIMON's cave Enter POET and PAINTER PAINTER. As I took note of
ht or word or deed. And now, since last Monday, there has suddenly sprung up a barrier between us, and I find that there is something in her life and in her thought of wh
 forswear her trade, And to make whores a bawd. Hold up, you sluts, Your aprons mountant; you are not oathable, Although I know you'll swear, terribly swear, Into str
y friendship nor by speaking. There was never a truer rhyme. Let us cast away nothing, for we may live to have need of such a verse. We see it, we see it. How now, lambs! TR
whom the proverb goes, Whose valour plucks dead lions by the beard; I'll smoke your skin-coat an I catch you right; Sirrah, look to 't; i' faith I will, i' fait
larm or do anything which is against my interests, you will find it a very serious thing. I beg you to remember that no one knows where you are, and that, whether you are in this carriage or in my ho
ess. GRATIANO. And I must to Lorenzo and the rest; But we will visit you at supper-time. Exeunt SCENE III. Venice. SHYLOCK'S house Enter JESSICA and LAUNCELOT JESSICA. I am sorry th
ee others grow, And nothing 'gainst Time's scythe can make defence Save breed to brave him, when he takes thee hence. 13 O that you were your self, but love you are No longer yours, than you your se
seiz'd me wholly. Exit LADY To your protection I commend me, gods. From fairies and the tempters of the night Guard me, beseech ye! [Sleeps. IACHIMO comes from the trunk] IACHIMO. The cr
 Again possess her corpse, and on this stage, Where we offend her now, appear soul-vex'd, And begin 'Why to me'- PAULINA. Had she such power, She had just cause. LEONTES. She had; an
 its head, like a connoisseur sniffing the bouquet of a famous vintage. Holmes then threw the handkerchief to a distance, fastened a stout cord to the mongrel's collar, and let him to the foot of the
nn'd by rote, To cast into my teeth. O, I could weep My spirit from mine eyes! There is my dagger, And here my naked breast; within, a heart Dearer than Pluto's mine, richer than gold
ur sight so low As to vouchsafe one glance unto the ground. GLOUCESTER. O Nell, sweet Nell, if thou dost love thy lord, Banish the canker of ambitious thoughts! And may that thought, when I 
fore speak no more. I'll not be made a soft and dull-ey'd fool, To shake the head, relent, and sigh, and yield, To Christian intercessors. Follow not; I'll have no speaking; I will have my bond. Exit
r the ways are dangerous to pass, I do desire thy worthy company, Upon whose faith and honour I repose. Urge not my father's anger, Eglamour, But think upon my grief, a lady's grief, And on the justi
uarrel slain a virtuous son. TITUS. No, foolish Tribune, no; no son of mine- Nor thou, nor these, confederates in the deed That hath dishonoured all our family; Unworthy brother and unworthy sons! 
 CLOWN. How much money must I have? TAMORA. Come, sirrah, you must be hang'd. CLOWN. Hang'd! by'r lady, then I have brought up a neck to a fair en
 Ghost. Mark me. Ham. I will. Ghost. My hour is almost come, When I to sulph'rous and tormenting flames Must render 
 my guiltless life. I shall not want false witness to condemn me Nor store of treasons to augment my guilt. The ancient proverb will be well effected: 'A staff is quickly found to beat a dog.' 
 when we left Pall Mall, and my watch showed me that it was ten minutes to nine when we at last came to a standst
 with him; and part with him To one that I would have him help to waste His borrowed purse. Well, Jessica, go in; Perhaps I will return immediat
AROLLES. Or to drown my clothes, and say I was stripp'd. SECOND LORD. Hardly serve. PAROLLES. Though I swore I leap'd
CITIZEN. O most bloody sight! SECOND CITIZEN. We will be revenged. ALL. Revenge! About! Seek! Burn! Fire! Kill! Slay! Let not a traitor live! ANTONY. Stay, countrymen. FIRST CITIZEN
COND LORDS. Alcibiades banish'd! THIRD LORD. 'Tis so, be sure of it. FIRST LORD. How? how? SECOND LORD. I pray you, upon what? TIMON. My worthy friends, will you d
NTLEMAN. You speak him far. FIRST GENTLEMAN. I do extend him, sir, within himself; Crush him together rather than unfo
ave been at the foot of the stair within a very few seconds of her husband's appearance at the window, he could hardly have been more than an accessory to the crime. His defence was one of abso
pothecary! Enter Apothecary. Apoth. Who calls so loud? Rom. Come hither, man. I see that thou art poor. Hold, there is forty ducats. Let me have A
raitor That ever liv'd. Would you imagine, or almost believe- Were't not that by great preservation We live to tell it-that the subtle traitor This day had plotted, in the cou
red pound or two to make merry withal? PEDANT. Keep your hundred pounds to yourself; he shall need none so long as I live. PETRUCHIO. Nay, I told you your son was
rsonage, her tall personage, Her height, forsooth, she hath prevail'd with him. And are you grown so high in his esteem Because I a
the most direct way is always the most natural. He walked into the room, and as he did so Barrymore sprang up from the window with a sharp hiss of his breath and stood, livid and trembling, bef
where he is, but I am quite sure that I could help the police to lay their hands on him. Has it never struck you that the way to catch that man was to find out where he got his food, and so trac
y without his eyes, For out o' doors he went without their help And to the last bended their light on me. Pol. Come, go with me. I wil
y, and we beat them back for a time, but our powder gave out, and we had to fall back upon the city. Nothing but the worst news came to us from every side,--which is not to be wondered at, 
e. THESEUS. A very gentle beast, and of a good conscience. DEMETRIUS. The very best at a beast, my lord, that e'er I saw. LYSANDER. This lion is a very fox for his valour. THESEUS
de of the fire, "which I really think, Watson, that it would be worth your while to glance over. These are the documents in the extraordinary case of the Gloria Scott, and this is
Wilt thou have music? Hark! Apollo plays, [Music] And twenty caged nightingales do sing. Or wilt thou sleep? We'll have thee to a couch Softer 
en I might have caught the skulking rascal. She said that she feared that I might come to harm. For an instant it had crossed my mind that perh
LE SIMPLE. Yonder he is, coming this way, Sir Hugh. EVANS. He's welcome. [Sings] To shallow rivers, to whose falls- Heaven prosper the right! What weapons is he? SIMPLE. No weap
e. TUTOR. And I, my lord, will bear him company. CLIFFORD. Soldiers, away with him! TUTOR. Ah, Clifford, murder not this innocent child, Lest thou be ha
ry will be the Duchess' wreck, And her attainture will be Humphrey's fall Sort how it will, I shall have gold for all. Exit SCENE III. London. The palace Enter three or four PETITIONERS, PE
 be in the lantern; for all these are in the moon. But silence; here comes Thisby. Re-enter THISBY THISBY. This is old Ninny's tomb. Where is my l
a man when King Pepin of France was a little boy, as touching the hit it? BOYET. So I may answer thee with one as old, that was a woman when Queen G
ion of this complex and dangerous man. In the centre of this room there was an upright beam, which had been placed at some period as a support
out the isle. The King's son have I landed by himself, Whom I left cooling of the air with sighs In an odd angle of the isle, and 
 in which we lay concealed. A door opened and shut. An instant later steps crept down the passage--steps which were meant to be silent, but which reverberated harshly through th
tle. Enter Cassio and some Musicians. CASSIO. Masters, play here, I will content your pains; Something that's brief; and bid "Good morrow, general." Music. Enter Clown. CLOWN. Why, masters, hav
via? SPEED. She that your worship loves? VALENTINE. Why, how know you that I am in love? SPEED. Marry, by these special marks: first, you have learn'd, li
r my father yesterday evening, bearing the Fordingbridge post-mark. My father read it, clapped both his hands to his head, and began running round the room in little
nest Bardolph, whose zeal burns in his nose, of the wicked? POINS. Answer, thou dead elm, answer. FALSTAFF. The fiend hath prick'd down Bardolph irrecoverable;
ell? SIMPLE. Ay, forsooth, to desire her to- QUICKLY. Peace, I pray you. CAIUS. Peace-a your tongue. Speak-a your tale. SIMPLE. To desire this honest gentlewoman
tes, and the reds had all faded into grays before Holmes and the trainer reappeared. Never have I seen such a change as had been brought about in Silas
 Our heralds go with him: Bring me just notice of the numbers dead On both our parts. Call yonder fellow hither. Exeunt heralds with MO
fice of your ancestors, Your state of fortune and your due of birth, The lineal glory of your royal house, To the corruption of a blemis
 his reason sway'd, And reason says you are the worthier maid. Things growing are not ripe until their season; So I, being young, till now ripe not to reason; And touching now the
iews which I may have formed. I had come to a theory of the crime in which I can find no place for this. Have
elves at the police-station. Lestrade was waiting for us at the door. "A telegram for you, Mr. Holmes," said he. "Ha! It is the answer!" He tore it open, glanced his eyes over it
Dull; Dictynna, goodman Dull. DULL. What is Dictynna? NATHANIEL. A title to Phoebe, to Luna, to the 
ELAND EARL OF SURREY EARL OF KENT GOWER HARCOURT BLUNT Of the King's party LORD CHIEF JUSTICE SERVANT, to Lord Chief Justice SIR JOHN FALSTAFF EDWARD POINS BARDOLPH PIST
Enter FLUELLEN FLUELLEN. Up to the breach, you dogs! Avaunt, you cullions! [Driving them forward] PISTOL. Be merciful, great duke, to men of mould. Abate thy rage, abate thy manly rage; Ab
omen, Margaret and Ursula. Hero. Good Margaret, run thee to the parlour. There shalt thou find my cousin Beatrice Proposing with the Prince and Claudio. Whisper her ear and tell her, I and Ursl
th he a sister? PROVOST. Ay, my good lord; a very virtuous maid, And to be shortly of a sisterhood, If not already. ANGELO. Well, let her be admitted. Exit SERVANT See
 here another anchor? And Somerset another goodly mast? The friends of France our shrouds and tacklings? And, though unskilful, why not Ned and I For once allow'd the skilful pilot's
t was important. I can never bring you to realise the importance of sleeves, the suggestiveness of thumb-nails, or the great issues that may hang from a boot-lace. Now, what did you gather from 
 That nothing can allay, nothing but blood, The blood, and dearest-valu'd blood, of France. KING PHILIP. Thy rage shall burn thee up, and thou sh
ss to the King in love Is near the hate of those love not the King. BAGOT. And that is the wavering commons; for their lo
e. But another will come, and yet another, until some day justice will be done; that is as certain as the 
rs, I. HELENA. I especially think, under Mars. PAROLLES. Why under Man? HELENA. The wars hath so kept you under that you must needs b
I knew I could prevent. I could not save Dunn and Menzies, for I did not know enough; but I will see that 
d low. Sometimes her levelled eyes their carriage ride, As they did batt'ry to the spheres intend; Sometime diverted their poo
 clear from their blurred appearance, and from the staining of the skin round them, that efforts had been made 
athise with the mastiffs in robustious and rough coming on, leaving their wits with their wives; and then give them great meals of beef and iron and steel; 
nge unto your town as to your talk, Who, every word by all my wit being scann'd, Wants wit in all one word to understand. LUCIANA. Fie, brother, how the world is c
n. Ham. Do they hold the same estimation they did when I was in the city? Are they so follow'd? Ros. No indeed are they not. Ham. How comes it? Do they grow rusty? Ros. Nay, their e
ick and Margaret [meeting]. Bene. Pray thee, sweet Mistress Margaret, deserve well at my hands by helping me 
rned to it, and I thought of what I might do in the old country with it, and how my folk would stare when they saw their ne'er-do-well coming back with his pockets full of gold moid
have fed as well, and we can both Endure the winter's cold as well as he. For once, upon a raw and gusty day, The t
ration.' Why, it carries it. Remuneration! Why, it is a fairer name than French crown. I will never buy and sell out of this word. Enter BEROWNE B
d. "Call it crime!" cried Morris, his voice vibrating with passion. "You have seen little of it if you can call it anything else. Was it crime 
hildren in their deaths' sad story. 'O, thus' quoth Dighton 'lay the gentle babes'- 'Thus, thus,' quoth Forrest 'girdling one another Within their alabaster innocent arms. Their lips wer
zo. Enter GRATIANO GRATIANO. Fair sir, you are well o'erta'en. My Lord Bassanio, upon more advice, Hath sent you here this ring, and doth entreat Your company at dinner. PORTIA. That cannot be
 the last hundred did it. It's cost me two hundred pound from first to last, so it isn't likely I'd give it up without gettin' my wad." Von Bork smiled with some bitte
ads on to the moor." "Is there any other opening?" "None." "So that to reach the Yew Alley one either has to come down it from the house or else to enter it by the moor-gate?" "
she was a virgin. KING. It is so varied too, for it was proclaimed virgin. COSTARD. If it were, I deny her virginity; I was taken with a maid. KING. This 'maid' not serve your turn, sir. 
not swear, but it checks him; a man cannot lie with his neighbour's wife, but it detects him. 'Tis a blushing shame- fac'd spirit that mutinies in a man's bosom; it fills a man full of
won. THIRD WITCH. That will be ere the set of sun. FIRST WITCH. Where the place? SECOND WITCH. Upon the heath. THI
 far as to say that, Watson. They will at least show our people what is known and what is not. I may say that a good many of these papers have come through me, and I need not add are th
remony. 'A tedious brief scene of young Pyramus And his love Thisby; very tragical mirth.' Merry and tragical! tedious and brief! That is hot ice and wondrous 
 that note, Mr. Holmes? Do you think it points to suicide?" "No, no, nothing of the kind. It is perhaps the best possible solution. I trust, Mr. Holder, that you are nearing the 
sirrah.- Farewell, hostess; farewell, Doll. You see, my good wenches, how men of merit are sought after; the undeserver
 had issue, Edmund, Anne, and Eleanor. SALISBURY. This Edmund, in the reign of Bolingbroke, As I have read, laid claim unto the crown; 
arest love, I would not for the world. MIRANDA. Yes, for a score of kingdoms you should wrangle And I would call it fair play. 
How now! Is Somerset at liberty? Then, York, unloose thy long-imprisoned thoughts And let thy tongue be equal with thy heart. Shall I endure the sight of Somerset?
ISABELLA. O fie, fie, fie! Thy sin's not accidental, but a trade. Mercy to thee would prove itself a bawd; 'Tis best that thou diest quickly. CLAUDIO. O, hear me,
ceiveth our natural wits too dull to reason of such goddesses, and hath sent this natural for our whetstone; for a
Poins. Come, shelter, shelter! I have remov'd Falstaff's horse, and he frets like a gumm'd velvet. Prince. Stand close. [They step aside.] Enter Falstaff. Fa
our of nine. Jul. I will not fail. 'Tis twenty years till then. I have forgot why I did call thee back. Rom. Let me stand here till thou remember it. Jul. I shall forget,
adua. Before BAPTISTA'So house Enter BAPTISTA, GREMIO, TRANIO as LUCENTIO, KATHERINA, BIANCA, LUCENTIO as CAMBIO, and ATTENDANTS BAPTISTA. [To TRANIO] Signior Lucentio, this is the 'pointe
ter CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO STEPHANO. Tell not me-when the butt is out we will drink water, not a drop before; therefore bear up, and board 'em. Servant-monster, drink to me. TRINCULO. S
O. Why, sir, he comes not. BAPTISTA. Didst thou not say he comes? BIONDELLO. Who? that Petruchio came? B
s to unravel it, and isolate it, and expose every inch of it. And now for lunch, and then for Norman Neruda. Her attack and her bowing are splendid. What's that little thing 
o equal with the King. LORD BARDOLPH. What, is the King but five and twenty thousand? HASTINGS. To us no more; nay, not so much, Lord Bard
sible to see the moor." "Are you? Then your wish is easily granted, for there is your first sight of the moor," said Dr. Mortimer, pointing out of the carr
carries them through and through the most fann'd and winnowed opinions; and do but blow them to their trial-the bubbles are out, Enter a Lord. Lord. My lord, his Ma
on the white wrist. "You have been cruelly used," said Holmes. The lady coloured deeply and covered over her injured wrist. "He is a ha
 except it be of love; Now can I break my fast, dine, sup, and sleep, Upon the very naked name of love. PROTEUS. Enoug
iendship, but it was effective. I was laid by the heels for ten days, but Trevor used to come in to inquire after me. At first it was only a minute's chat, but 
ows himself a braggart, Let him fear this; for it will come to pass That every braggart shall be found an ass. Rust, sword; cool, blushes; and, Pa
 foul-mouthed fellow at the top. He is the one with the worst record. And yet that Indian was a sly fellow also. Why should he be pacing his room all the time?" "There is nothing in that. Many 
ch perform'd, the choir, With all the choicest music of the kingdom, Together sung 'Te Deum.' So she parted, And with the same full state pac'
s a marvell's white hand, I must needs confess. CRESSIDA. Without the rack. PANDARUS. And she takes upon her to spy a white ha
THINO. Launce, away, away, aboard! Thy master is shipp'd, and thou art to post after with oars. What's the matt
HILLES. Where, where? O, where? Art thou come? Why, my cheese, my digestion, why hast thou not served thyself in to my table so many meals? Com
s humour, Else I should tell him- well i' faith, I should- When all's spent, he'd be cross'd then, an he could. 'Tis pity bo
xeunt Re-enter LYSANDER LYSANDER. He goes before me, and still dares me on; When I come where he calls, then he is 
US'D MALVOLIO' OLIVIA. Did he write this? CLOWN. Ay, Madam. DUKE. This savours not much of distraction. OLIVIA. See him deliver'd, Fabia
ENE II. Before TIMON'S house Enter FLAVIUS, TIMON'S Steward, with many bills in his hand FLAVIUS. No care, no stop! So senseless of expense That he will neither know how to ma
f you have any music that may not be heard, to't again; but, as they say, to hear music the general does not greatly care. FIRST MUSICIAN. We have none such, sir. CLOWN. Then put up your
nothing, so in nothing bless them, and to nothing are they welcome. Uncover, dogs, and lap. [The dishes are uncovered and seen to he full of warm water] SO
as I wooed for thee to obtain her, I will join with thee to disgrace her. John. I will disparage her no farther till you are my witnesses. Bear i
 be mad; And I to make thee mad do mock thee thus. Stamp, rave, and fret, that I may sing and dance. Thou wouldst be fee'd, I see, to make me sport; York cannot
are all welcome. We'll e'en to't like French falconers, fly at anything we see. We'll have a speech straight. 
come! again! The Queen falls. Osr. Look to the Queen there, ho! Hor. They bleed on both sides. How is it, my lord? Osr. How is'
our first sight of the moor," said Dr. Mortimer, pointing out of the carriage window. Over the green squares of the fields and
r QUINCE as the PROLOGUE PROLOGUE. If we offend, it is with our good will. That you should think, we come not to offend, But with goo
 need to employ a friend And most assured that he is a friend, Deep, hollow, treacherous, and full of guile, Be he unto me! This do 
d play needs no epilogue. Yet to good wine they do use good bushes; and good plays prove the better by the help of good epilogues. Wha
am. Nor did you nothing hear? Queen. No, nothing but ourselves. Ham. Why, look you there! Look how it steals away! My father, in his habit as he liv'd! Look where he goes even now out at the portal! 
of all natures, sleep. MACBETH. Come, we'll to sleep. My strange and self-abuse Is the initiate fear that wants hard
e; Persuade him that he hath been lunatic, And, when he says he is, say that he dreams, For he is nothing but a mighty lord. This do, and do it kindly, gentle sirs; It wi
nd leathery and that it bore some resemblance to a dwarfish, human figure. At first, as I examined it, I thought that it was a m
or the boy at the bath. It is unlikely that it is the bootmaker, since your boots are nearly new. Well, what remains? The bath. Abs
 stir abroad, go arm'd. Edg. Arm'd, brother? Edm. Brother, I advise you to the best. Go arm'd. I am no honest man if 
if the family could be scared away a comfortable and permanent home would be secured for the Barrymores. But surely such an explanation
g these had been Drebber and Stangerson; and no one knew whither they had gone. Rumour reported that Drebber had managed to convert a large part of his property into money, and 
ney Jones," said Holmes, quietly. "Why, of course I do!" he wheezed. "It's Mr. Sherlock Holmes, the theorist. Remember you! I'll never forget how you lectu
p company with a disloyal man, we might think that you were disloyal, too. See?" "There's no chance of my keeping co
tion to make him just as good a wife as it was in me to be. But you may imagine what I felt when, just as I came
 sin; I will not. IMOGEN. Fools are not mad folks. CLOTEN. Do you call me fool? IMOGEN. As I am mad, I do; If you'll be patient, I'll no more b
entio. VINCENTIO. Lucentio! O, he hath murd'red his master! Lay hold on him, I charge you, in the Duke's name. O, my son, my son! Tell me, thou villain, where is my son, Lucentio? TRANI
we not born under Taurus? AGUECHEEK. Taurus? That's sides and heart. SIR TOBY. No, sir; it is legs and thighs. Let me see the caper. Ha, high
ged had they been that the very thought that there was possible retribution in the background had been banished from their minds. And yet the idea str
able wretches, to your death; The taste whereof God of his mercy give You patience to endure, and true repentance Of all your dear offences. Bear them hence. Exeunt CAMBRIDGE, SC
 What say'st thou? JULIA. I thank you, madam, that you tender her. Poor gentlewoman, my master wrongs her much. SILVIA. Dost thou know her? JULIA. Almost as well as I do know myself. To thin
. The street, near Leonato's house. Enter Leonato and his brother [ Antonio]. Ant. If you go on thus, you will kill yo
in can Becomes his captain's captain; and ambition, The soldier's virtue, rather makes choice of loss Than gain which darkens him. I coul
e? EXETER. Charles Duke of Orleans, nephew to the King; John Duke of Bourbon, and Lord Bouciqualt; Of other lords and barons, knights and squires,
ns, we create Lord Saturninus Rome's great Emperor; And say 'Long live our Emperor Saturnine!' [A long flourish till they come down] SATURNINUS. Titus Androni
m of all, Leonato. Signior Claudio and Signior Benedick, my dear friend Leonato hath invited you all. I tell him we shall stay here at the least a month, and he heartly prays some occasion m
 almost impossible to make a case against the real murderer. His only accomplice was one who could never give him away, and the grotesque, inconceivable nature of the device only served to make it m
. He is in earnest. Claud. In most profound earnest; and, I'll warrant you, for the love of Beatrice. Pedro. And hath challeng'd thee. Claud. Most s
e shadows have offended, Think but this, and all is mended, That you have but slumb'red here While t
lves to sack. Enter BARDOLPH How now, Bardolph! BARDOLPH. The army is discharged all and gone. FALSTAFF. Let them
irit that dares not challenge it. TROILUS. Wert thou the devil and wor'st it on thy horn, It should be challeng'd. CRESSIDA. Well, well, 'tis done, 'tis past; and yet 
bject in regard and dear in use! What things again most dear in the esteem And poor in worth! Now shall we see to-morrow- An act that very chance doth th
n as yourself, both in the disciplines of war and in the derivation of my birth, and in other particularities. MACMORRIS. I do not know you so good a man as myself; so Chrish save me, I will cut
3. Florence. Before the DUKE's palace Flourish. Enter the DUKE OF FLORENCE, BERTRAM, PAROLLES, SOLDIERS, drum and trumpets DUKE. The General of our Horse thou art; and we, Great in o
ss, which could have turn'd A distaff to a lance, gilded pale looks, Part shame, part spirit renew'd; that some turn'd coward
pulled up at a house which was not unlike the one which we had just quitted. My companion ordered him to wait, and had his hand upon the knocker, when the door opened and a g
p. 'Tis true; and therefore women, being the weaker vessels, are ever thrust to the wall. Therefore I will pus
rible crime." "Subtle enough and horrible enough. When a doctor does go wrong he is the first of criminals. He ha
ul, clinging figures, the half-opened door, the hall light shining through stained glass, the barometer, and the bright stair-rods. It was soothing to catch even that passing glimpse o
SLY is carried out. A trumpet sounds] Sirrah, go see what trumpet 'tis that sounds- Exit SERVANT Belike some noble gentleman that 
ter midnight. "Coarse writing," murmured Holmes. "Surely this is not your husband's writing, madam." "No, but the enclosure is." "I perc
elves- Inform on that. SECOND SOLDIER. So I will, sir. SECOND LORD. Till then I'll keep him dark and safely loc
t to sorrow. I was the chief that rais'd him to the crown, And I'll be chief to bring him down again; Not that I pity Henry's
th. VALENTINE. How does your lady, and how thrives your love? PROTEUS. My tales of love were wont to weary you; I know you joy not in a love-discourse. VALEN
r Rosalind! Whither wilt thou go? Wilt thou change fathers? I will give thee mine. I charge thee be not thou more griev'd than I am. ROSALIND. I have more cause. CELIA. Thou hast not, cousin. P
ell to grant her suit; It were dishonour to deny it her. KING EDWARD. It were no less; but yet I'll make a pause. GLOUCESTER. [Aside to CLARENCE] Yea, is it so? I see
hat's no fault of his. We must receive him According to the honour of his sender; And towards himself, his goodness forespent on us, We must extend our notice. Our dear son, When you have given 
 What's your Highness' pleasure? CLEOPATRA. Not now to hear thee sing; I take no pleasure In aught an eunuch has. 'Tis well for thee That, being unsem
eart of marble he will squeeze and squeeze until he has drained them dry. The fellow is a genius in his way, and wou
lowed Dr. Trevelyan to the door. Within a quarter of an hour we had been dropped at the door of the physician's 
ISTA. I know him well; you are welcome for his sake. GREMIO. Saving your tale, Petruchio, I pray, Let us that are poor petitioners speak too. Bacare! you are marvellous forward. PETRUCHIO. O,
s. Edm. It is his hand, my lord; but I hope his heart is not in the contents. Glou. Hath he never before sounded you in this business? Edm. Never, my lord. B
speak so! That is how he speaks--the other one!" "Baldwin--he speaks like that, does he?" "And that is 
 must. Enter OXFORD and SOMERSET SOMERSET. Ah, Warwick, Warwick! wert thou as we are, We might recover all our lo
ED. Nay, sir, less than a pound shall serve me for carrying your letter. PROTEUS. You mistake; I mean the pound- a pinfold. SPEED. From a pound to a pin? Fold it over and over
eard from far, 'Warwick, revenge! Brother, revenge my death.' So, underneath the belly of their steeds, That stain'd their fetlocks in his smoking blood, The noble gentleman gave up t
 lost in his calamities. I have but little gold of late, brave Timon, The want whereof doth daily make revolt In my penurious band. I have heard, and griev'd, How cursed Athens, 
 He had a great interest in the disappearance of the favorite. He lies under suspicion of having poisoned the stable-boy, he was undoubtedly out in the storm, he was armed with a heavy sti
feel equal to it?" "Yes; I shall not feel easy until I have told my story." "Then my servant will call a cab, and I shall be with you in an instant." I rushed upstairs, explained the matter shortly 
 this moment in front of Peterson's fire. The facts are these: about four o'clock on Christmas morning, Peterson, who, as you know, is
ourse untrimmed: But thy eternal summer shall not fade, Nor lose possession of that fair thou ow'st, Nor shall death brag thou wand'rest in his shade, When in eternal lines to time thou grow's
e'er so sure, Is not thy kindness subtle, covetous, If not a usuring kindness, and as rich men deal gifts, Expecting in return twenty for one? FLAVIUS. No, my most worthy master, in whose breast
n as addle as an egg for quarrelling. Thou hast quarrell'd with a man for coughing in the street, because he hath wakened thy dog that hath lain asleep in the 
of gratitude when we saw that there was no sign of a wound and that the rescue had been in time. Already our friend's
sacre them all, And raze their faction and their family, The cruel father and his traitorous sons, To whom I sued for my dear s
 and he got an impression of the key. He would not go farther. He furnished me with a plan of the house, and he told me that in the forenoo
st like a willing patient I will drink, Potions of eisel 'gainst my strong infection, No bitterness that I will bitte
 have been in love? MOTH. Hercules, master. ARMADO. Most sweet Hercules! More authority, dear boy, name more; and, sweet my child, let them be men of good repute and carriage. MO
r me, Isabel. ISABELLA. O fie, fie, fie! Thy sin's not accidental, but a trade. Mercy to thee would prove itself a bawd; 'Tis best that thou diest quickly. CLAUDIO. O, hear m
s?" "I think that fortune is very kind to us." "You mean that the person will come again?" "It is very probable. He came expecting to find the door open. He tried to get in with the blad
 There was no clue at all, however, as to their whereabouts. Many a man, however vindictive, would have abandoned all thought of revenge in the face of suc
m a distance, unseen by me, he had been a witness of his friend's death and of my escape. He had waited, and then, making his way round to the top of the cliff, he had endeavoured to 
l? He's coming hither; now, i' th' night, i' th' haste, And Regan with him. Have you nothing said Upon his party 'gainst the Duke of Albany? Advise yourself. Edg. I am sure on't, not a wo
 unchallenged had they been that the very thought that there was possible retribution in the background had be
ineer! If Troy be not taken till these two undermine it, the walls will stand till they fall of themselves. O thou great thunder-darter of Olympus, forget that thou art Jove, the
began to steal over me. Who were these German people, and what were they doing living in this strange, out-of-the-way place? And where was the place? I was t
rs, [followed by Musicians]. Claud. Is this the monument of Leonato? Lord. It is, my lord. Claud. [reads from a scroll] Epitaph. Done to death by sl
nour To make it known to us. TIMON. You'll take it ill. BOTH. Most thankfully, my lord. TIMON. Will you indeed? BO
er, if your trade be to her. VIOLA. I am bound to your niece, sir; I mean, she is the list of my voyage. SIR TOBY. Taste your legs, sir; put them to motion. VIOLA. My legs do better 
 tongue, For in this rapture I shall surely speak The thing I shall repent. See, see, your silence, Cunning in dumbness, from my weakness draws My very 
lew my father, he shall die. TUTOR. And I, my lord, will bear him company. CLIFFORD. Soldiers, away with him! TUTOR. Ah, Clifford, murder not this innocent child, Lest thou be hated
his fashion, knowing nothing of her past or of her people; but if you saw her and knew her it would help you to understand. "She was very straight about it, was Els
 and for the other I have no strength in measure, yet a reasonable measure in strength. If I could win a lady at leap-frog, or by vaulting into my sad
therefore, and Sir Henry did the same. At the same moment the convict screamed out a curse at us and hurled a rock which splintered up ag
dren their behaviours; and I will be like a jack-an-apes also, to burn the knight with my taber. FORD. That will be excellent. I'll go buy them vizards. MRS. PAGE. My Nan shall be the
n'd; And then imagine me taking your part And, in your power, soft silencing your son. After this cold considerance, sentence me; 
e gems?" "They are still sounding the planking and probing the furniture in the hope of finding them." "Have they thought of looking outside the house?" "Yes, they have shown
ve at him! Enter SIR HUMPHREY STAFFORD and WILLIAM his brother, with drum and soldiers STAFFORD. Rebellious hinds, the filth and scum of Kent, Mark'd for the gallows, lay your w
it, And that to the infection of my brains And hard'ning of my brows. POLIXENES. What means Sicilia? HERMIONE. He something
and STEPHANO. I shall no more to sea, to sea, Here shall I die ashore- This is a very scurvy tune to sing at a man's funeral; well, here's my comfort. [Drinks] The
y lads roam here and there, So merrily, And ever among so merrily. FALSTAFF. There's a merry heart! Good Master Silence, I'll give you a health for that 
treet near the city gate Enter ISABELLA and MARIANA ISABELLA. To speak so indirectly I am loath; I would say the truth; but to accuse him so, That is your part. Yet I am 
ivory hand wafts to her; Whose present grace to present slaves and servants Translates his rivals. PAINTER. 'Tis conceiv'd to scope. This
ord to a lord, a man to a man; stuff'd with all honourable virtues. Beat. It is so indeed. He is no less than a stuff'd man; but for the stuffing--well, w
that your butler appears to me to have been a very clever man, and to have had a clearer insight that 
K PUCK. If we shadows have offended, Think but this, and all is mended, That you have but slumb'red 
r Lancaster! [He and his forces enter the city] GLOUCESTER. The gates are open, let us enter too. KING EDWARD. So other foes may set upon our backs. Stand 
and wounds With many legions of strange fantasies, Which, in their throng and press to that last hold, Confound themselves. 'Tis strange that death should sing
. Jones turned our search-light upon her, so that we could plainly see the figures upon her deck. One man sat by the stern, with something black between his knee
 pinnacles which marked the site of the rich landowner's dwelling. On the Hatherley side of the pool the woods grew very thick, and th
n! Where's Abhorson there? Enter ABHORSON ABHORSON. Do you call, sir? PROVOST. Sirrah, here's a fellow will help you to-morrow in your execution. If you think it
 with AARON. Flourish within The trumpets show the Emperor is at hand. Sound trumpets. Enter SATURNINUS and TAMORA, with AEMILIUS, TRIBUNES, S
at it! But see here, little girl. I can't leave here. I can't--take that from me once and for all. But if you will leave me to find my own way, I will try to prepare a way of getting honou
ce, I think I have you fast. Unchain your spirits now with spelling charms, And try if they can gain your liberty. A goodly prize, fit f
es hath judgment shown, When judges have been babes. Great floods have flown From simple sources, and great seas have dried When miracles have by the greatest been
ambitious; If it were so, it was a grievous fault, And grievously hath Caesar answer'd it. Here, und
 knows you are here?" "It may cause him to be more cautious, or it may drive him to desperate measures at once. Like most clever criminals, he may b
trooke Caesar on the neck. O you flatterers! CASSIUS. Flatterers? Now, Brutus, thank yourself. This tongue had not offended so today, If Cassius might have ruled. OCTA
er. "Here it is," said he, "written with a J pen on royal cream paper by a middle-aged man with a we
ck; when they shall see The face of Caesar, they are vanished. CALPURNIA. Caesar, I I stood on ceremonies, Yet now
than I do with her, I thank heaven. FENTON. [Within] Who's within there? ho! QUICKLY. Who's there, I trow? Come near the house, I pray you. Enter FENTON FENTON. How now, goo
And so will I. LORENZO. Meet me and Gratiano At Gratiano's lodging some hour hence. SALERIO. 'Tis good we do so. Exeunt SALERIO and SOLANIO GRATIANO. Was not tha
ore that may betide. Exeunt all but SOMERSET, RICHMOND, and OXFORD SOMERSET. My lord, I like not of 
 the matter? FIRST OFFICER. Orsino, this is that Antonio That took the Phoenix and her fraught from Candy; And this is he that did the Tiger board When your young nephew Titus lo
 and married. Here is for thy pains. Nurse. No, truly, sir; not a penny. Rom. Go to! I say you shall. Nurse. This afternoon, sir? Well, 
Dovercourt. This fiend has several imprudent letters--imprudent, Watson, nothing worse--which were written to an impecunious y
n made, if thou desir'st to be so';- OLIVIA. Am I made? MALVOLIO. 'If not, let me see thee a servant still.' OLIVIA. Why, this is very midsu
e not that a botchy core? AJAX. Dog! THERSITES. Then there would come some matter from him; I see none now. AJAX. Thou bitch-wolf's son, canst thou not hear? Feel, then. [Strikes him] THERSITE
al. Exeunt all but WOLSEY WOLSEY. So farewell to the little good you bear me. Farewell, a long farewell, to all my greatness! This is the s
olmes, should have seen them in your presence." "Why in my presence, sir?" "In case he wished to ask any questions." "What is the use of asking me que
for nothing? Why should I slink away without having carried out my commission, and without the payment which was my d
by, ere we sleep? CATESBY. You shall, my lord. GLOUCESTER. At Crosby House, there shall you find us both. Exit CATESBY BUCKINGHAM. Now, my lord, what shall we
honest master; or rather, master, no. ARMADO. I say lead is slow. MOTH. You are too swift, sir, to say so: Is that lead slow which is fir'd from a gun? ARMADO. Swee
N, and TITANIA, at another, with hers OBERON. Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania. TITANIA. What, jealous Oberon! Fairies, skip hence; I have forsworn his bed and company. OBERON. Tarry, rash want
 thee. Exeunt ACT III. SCENE 2. Troy. PANDARUS' orchard Enter PANDARUS and TROILUS' BOY, meeting PANDARUS. How now! Where's thy master? At my cousin 
o need of secrecy between you and me. What is the meaning of it all? What is he after?" Holmes's voice sank as 
y, how grows it due? OFFICER. Due for a chain your husband had of him. ADRIANA. He did bespeak a chain for me, but had it not. COURTEZAN
nfess myself and Toby Set this device against Malvolio here, Upon some stubborn and uncourteous parts We had conceiv'd against him. Maria writ 
nt manage must be made, my liege, Ere further leisure yicld them further means For their advantage and your Highness' loss. K
when I see no less than five, I think that there can be little doubt that the individual must be brought into frequent contact with burning tallow--walks upstairs at night proba
OUCHSTONE. I durst go no further than the Lie Circumstantial, nor he durst not give me the Lie Direct; and so we measur'd swords and parted. J
's estate, With hey, ho, the wind and the rain, 'Gainst knaves and thieves men shut their gate, For the rain it raineth 
n two miles to the Hall gates. That's the road to the left." He watched us with sullen eyes until we had left his premises. We did not go very far along the road, f
his wife GHOST. [To RICHARD] Richard, thy wife, that wretched Anne thy wife That never slept a quiet hour with thee Now fills thy sleep with perturbations. To-morrow in the battle th
, Cries out I was possess'd. Then all together They fell upon me, bound me, bore me thence, And in a dark and dankish vault at home There left me and my man, both bound together; Till, gnawing wit
at even our love thirst not come near your sight For fear of swallowing; but with nimble wing We were enforc'd for safety sake to fly Out of your sig
evening," said Mr. Holder. "Precisely. It was I. I found that I had my man, so I came home and changed my clothes. It was a delicate part which I had to play then, for I saw that a prosecuti
e again for Britaine. KING RICHARD. March on, march on, since we are up in arms; If not to fight with fore
 heard.] [Exeunt Hostess, Francis, and Bardolph.] Enter Bardolph, running. Bard. O, my lord, my lord! the sheriff with a most monstrous watch is at the doo
immered white through the darkness. "The brute! the brute!" I cried with clenched hands. "Oh Holmes, I shall never forgive myself for having lef
e lie for you. Meantime, have patience. CLARENCE. I must perforce. Farewell. Exeunt CLARENCE, BRAKENBURY, and guard GLOUCESTER. Go tread the path that thou shalt ne'er return.
 Enter, on the other side of the field, RICHMOND, SIR WILLIAM BRANDON, OXFORD, DORSET, and others. Some pitch RICHMOND'S tent RICHMOND. The weary sun hath made a gol
thing about that suite of rooms which I was not to know, I was all on fire to go over them. It was not mere curiosity, though I have
house after leaving it? That is not the way of criminals." "The ring, man, the ring: that was what he came back for. If we have no other way of catching him, we can always
to me, sir, as concerning Jaquenetta. The manner of it is, I was taken with the manner. BEROWNE. In what manner? COSTARD. In manner and form followin
 fantastic business of the advertisement of the League, and the copying of the 'Encyclopaedia,' must be to get this not over-bright pawnbroker out of the way for a number of hours every 
 BRUTUS] Will you be gone? VIRGILIA. [To SICINIUS] You shall stay too. I would I had the power To say so to my husband. SICINIUS. Are you mankind? VOLUMNIA. Ay, fool; is that a shame? Note but th
r own hands, Cardinal, by extortion; The goodness of your intercepted packets You writ to th' Pope against the King; your goodness, Since you provoke me, shall be most not
winding river and on the twinkling lights of the great city. The beating of drums, the rattle of tomtoms, and the yells and howls of the rebels, drunk with opium and with 
ave pricking it for pity. Come, you shall go with us. VIRGILIA. No, good madam, pardon me; indeed I will not forth. VALERIA. In truth, la, go with me; and I'll tell you excell
 fear, you are provided for. CRANMER. Ah, my good Lord of Winchester, I thank you; You are always my good friend; if your will pass
have died With them they think on? Things without all remedy Should be without regard. What's done is done. MACBETH. We have scotch'd the
bridegroom; and his chin new reap'd Show'd like a stubble land at harvest home. He was perfumed like a milliner, 
et not on the staff he could only have been a house-surgeon or a house-physician--little more than a senior student. And he left five years ago--the da
one with safety. Your leaving the room gave him the chance he wanted. I kept Miss Harrison in it all day so that he might not anticipate us. Then, having given him the idea that the coast was clear, 
 I fear, you are provided for. CRANMER. Ah, my good Lord of Winchester, I thank you; You are always my good friend; if your will pass, I shall both find your lordship judge and juror, You 
asked, for Holmes was turning the pipe about in his hand, and staring at it in his peculiar pensive way. He held it up and tapped on it with his l
"Perhaps we may make them less so." "Such as they are, they are set forth in a single article of a morning paper of yesterday, which I will read to you. It is headed
you for my mirth, yea, for my laughter, When you are waspish. CASSIUS. Is it come to this? BRUTUS. You say you are a 
 with him rises weeping; these are flow'rs Of middle summer, and I think they are given To men of middle age. Y'are very welcome. CAMILLO. I should l
 stands a shop window filled with photographs of the celebrities and beauties of the day. Holmes's eyes fixed themselves upon one of them, and following his gaze I saw the picture of
deceiving, hers; Lust and rank thoughts, hers, hers; revenges, hers; Ambitions, covetings, change of prides, disdain, Nice longing, slanders, mutability, All faults that man may name, nay, that 
mportant, tell him there is measure in everything, and so dance out the answer. For, hear me, Hero: wooing, wedding, and repenting is as a Scotch jig, a me
o the complexion of a goose! A fault done first in the form of a beast-O Jove, a beastly fault!-and then another fault in the semblance of a fowl- think
w where to look, and so you missed all that was important. I can never bring you to realise the importance of sleeves, the suggestiveness of thumb-nails, or the great issues th
verness." "Old Susan Dobney with the mob cap! I remember her well." "And she remembers you. It was in th
itor sank into an arm-chair and looked from one to the other of us with questioning eyes. "I got your telegram, and I came at the hour you said. I heard that you had been down to the office. There wa
 There he is again! He has a candle in his hand. Now he is peering across. He wants to be sure that she is on the lookout. Now he begins to flash. Take the message also, Watson, that we may check eac
u want good men you should pay them a good price," said I. "'"He would rather have our small price than your big one," said he. "'"I'll lay you a fiver," said I, "that when he has my offer yo
resent friends, as they are to me nothing, so in nothing bless them, and to nothing are they welcome. Uncover, dogs, and lap. [The dishes are uncovered and seen to 
om, And triumph, Henry, in thy day of doom. Exit with the body SCENE VII. London. The palace Flourish. Enter KING EDWARD, QUEEN ELIZABETH, CLARENCE, GLOUCESTER, HASTINGS, NURSE, with the
 true Needs no more but one tongue for all those wounds, Those mouthed wounds, which valiantly he took When on the gentle Severn's sedgy bank, In single oppositi
as well as from his general conduct, I am inclined to think that Stapleton's career of crime has been by no means limited to this single Baskerville affair. It is suggestive that during
potations and to addict themselves to sack. Enter BARDOLPH How now, Bardolph! BARDOLPH. The army is discharged all and gone. FALSTAFF. Let them go. I'll through Gloucestershire, and th
ther? ISABELLA. One that I would were here, Friar Lodowick. DUKE. A ghostly father, belike. Who knows that Lodowick? LUCIO. My lord, I know him; 'tis a meddling friar. I do not like th
spirits, and prattled away about Cremona fiddles, and the difference between a Stradivarius and an Amati. As for myself, I was silent, for the dull weather and the melancholy b
; Have mind upon your health, tempt me no farther. BRUTUS. Away, slight man! CASSIUS. Is't possible? BRUTUS. Hear 
mour your cousin, that she shall fall in love with Benedick; and I, [to Leonato and Claudio] with your two helps, will so practise on Benedick that, in despite of his quick wit and
 us like A thing more made of malice than of duty; We have noted it. Call her before us, for We have been too slight in sufferance. Exit a MESSENGER QUEEN. Roy
e good feature shame. In nature there's no blemish but the mind: None can be call'd deform'd but the unkind. Vir
tion. Cheerly to sea; the signs of war advance; No king of England, if not king of France! Flourish. Exeunt SCENE III. Eastcheap. Before the Boar's Head tavern Enter PISTOL, HOSTESS, N
r; when the thunder would not peace at my bidding; there I found 'em, there I smelt 'em out. Go to, they are not men o' their words! They told me I was everything. 'Tis a lie- I am 
hat's fouler. OTHELLO. Get me some poison, Iago, this night. I'll not expostulate with her, lest her body and beauty unprovide my mind again. This night, Iago. IAGO. Do it not with
the evidence. Do you find the prisoner guilty or not guilty?" "Not guilty, my lord," said I. "Vox populi, vox Dei. You are acquitted, Captain Croker. So long as the law does not find some other vic
t Dr. Leon Sterndale's account was true. It appears that he did indeed spend last night there, and that he has actually allowed some of his baggage to go on to Afri
and to his country than to us if this letter were to come out." "If this is so, whose interest is it that the letter should come out? Why should an
from hence. Cesario, come; For so you shall be while you are a man; But when in other habits you are seen, Orsino's 
ster puppy. Keep the door close, sirrah. MAN. What would you have me do? PORTER. What should you do, but knock 'em down by th' dozens? Is this Moorfields to muster in? Or have we some strange In
e bent To dim his glory and to stain the track Of his bright passage to the occident. YORK. Yet he looks like a king. Behold, his eye, As bright as is the eagle's, lightens forth Controlling
ESSIDA. Ay, come-O Jove! Do come. I shall be plagu'd. DIOMEDES. Farewell till then. CRESSIDA. Good night. I prithee come. Exit DIOMEDES Troilus, far
rest that love me, rise and follow me. Exeunt all but HASTINGS, LOVEL, and RATCLIFF HASTINGS. Woe, woe, for En
ecomes you. Exeunt SCENE III. PETRUCHIO'S house Enter KATHERINA and GRUMIO GRUMIO. No, no, forsooth; I dare not for my life. KATHERIN
ders beginning, I can tell you: but it is but heading and hanging. POMPEY. If you head and hang all that offend th
y two faiths and troths, my lord, I spoke mine. Claud. That I love her, I feel. Pedro. That she is worthy, I know. Bene. That I nei
ch is indeed, sir, a mender of bad soles. MARULLUS. What trade, thou knave? Thou naughty knave, what trade? SECOND COMMONER. Nay, I beseech you, sir, be not out w
et my letters patents give me leave. My father's goods are all distrain'd and sold; And these and all are all amiss employ'd. What would you have me do? I am a subject, And I chall
told you Caesar was ambitious; If it were so, it was a grievous fault, And grievously hath Caesar answer'd it. Here, under leave of Brutus and the rest- For Brutus is an honorable man; So 
 it too! Then should not we be tir'd with this ado. Why, hark ye, hark ye! and are you such fools To square for this? Would it offend you, then, That both should
rd Backwater tells me that I may place implicit reliance upon your judgment and discretion. I have determined, therefore, to call upon you and to consult you in reference to the very painful e
her, for I am a Jew, if I serve the Jew any longer. Enter BASSANIO, with LEONARDO, with a FOLLOWER or two BASSANIO. Y
eart and brain to breed it in? When came this to you? Who brought it? Edm. It was not brought me, my lord: there's the cunn
on, 'and then, as that did not satisfy him, he was promoted to be butler. The house seemed to be at his mercy, and he wandered about and did what he chose in it
, But not another sin upon my head By urging me to fury. O, be gone! By heaven, I love thee better than myself, For I come hither arm'd against myself. Stay not, be gone. Live, and here
e given me measure of revenge. EDWARD. O Warwick, I do bend my knee with thine, And in this vow do chain my soul to thine! And ere my knee rise from the earth'
g that which you have pill'd from me. Which of you trembles not that looks on me? If not that, I am Queen, you bow like subjects, Yet that, by you depos'd, y
e for you Than you expect. Unseal this letter soon; There you shall find three of your argosies Are richly come to harbour suddenly. You shall not know by what strange acciden
 damaged tendo Achillis." "But it was the associate, and not Jonathan, who committed the crime." "Quite so. And rather to Jonathan's disgust, t
e highway near Gadshill. Enter Prince and Poins. Poins. Come, shelter, shelter! I have remov'd Falstaff's horse, and he frets like a gumm'd velvet. Prince. Stand c
und earnest; and, I'll warrant you, for the love of Beatrice. Pedro. And hath challeng'd thee. Claud. Most sincerely. Pedro. What a pre
in, but in honest, civil, godly company, for this trick. If I be drunk, I'll be drunk with those that have the fear of God, and not with drunken kna
 injury. An assassin does not come unarmed. Horrified by what she had done she rushed wildly away from the scene of the tragedy. Unfortunately for her she had los
IO. Well, we shall see your bearing. GRATIANO. Nay, but I bar to-night; you shall not gauge me By what we do to-night. BASSANIO. No, that were pity; I would entreat you rather to put on Your bol
heart deny it him. PORTIA. You were to blame, I must be plain with you, To part so slightly with your wife's first gift, A t
iness. ESCALUS. What news abroad i' th' world? DUKE. None, but that there is so great a fever on goodness that the dissol
l shots. Our footfalls rang out crisply and loudly as we swung through the doctors' quarter, Wimpole Street, Harley Street, and so through Wigmore Street into Oxford
We will, my noble lord. Exeunt SCENE 4. London. The Tower Enter CLARENCE and KEEPER KEEPER. Why looks your Grace so heavily to-day? CLARENCE. O, I have pass'd a miserable night, So full of fear
ean upon my poor shoulder, and with his royal finger thus dally with my excrement, with my mustachio; 
e." Mycroft Holmes spoke with a solemnity which showed his sense of the importance of the subject. His brother and I sat expectant. "Surely you have heard 
d Casca, like a cur, behind Strooke Caesar on the neck. O you flatterers! CASSIUS. Flatterers? Now, Brutus, thank yourself. This tongue had not offended so today, If Cassius might have ruled. OC
resume their journey when one of the youngest and keenest-eyed uttered an exclamation and pointed up at the rugged crag above them. From its summit there fluttered a little wisp of pink, showing up h
 winds that sailors rail at. GUIDERIUS. I do note That grief and patience, rooted in him both, Mingle their spurs together. ARVIRAGUS. Grow patience! And let the stink
rough the arras and] kills Polonius. Pol. [behind] O, I am slain! Queen. O me, what hast thou done? Ham. Nay, I know not. Is it the King? Queen. O, what a r
 title of a mother; They are as children but one step below, Even of your metal, of your very blood; Of all on
ss-head of your own, do you? Exit SNOUT Re-enter QUINCE QUINCE. Bless thee, Bottom, bless thee! Thou art translated. Exit BOTT
esty's a fool, And loses that it works for. OTHELLO. By the world, I think my wife be honest, and think she is not; I think th
e job which needed numbers. At this point there are several trails which lead to various mines. The strangers took that which led to the Crow Hill, a huge business w
D. I am, in my condition, A prince, Miranda; I do think, a king- I would not so!-and would no more endure This wooden slavery than to suffer The flesh-fly blow my mouth. Hear my soul speak:
gn of self-reproach for duty neglected? We must leave that question to the future. Now we shall turn to the Cadogan Wests." A small but well-kept house in the ou
 the garden, as you remember, and we saw the very singular contents of the little yellow box. "The string was of the quality
r the town's end, to beg during life. But who comes here? Enter the Prince. Prince. What, stand'st thou idle here
. The tradesman was put to his trade and the artisan to his calling. In the town streets and squares sprang up, as if by magic. In the country there was 
for thy hide. Exeunt ACT V. SCENE 7. Another part of the plain Enter ACHILLES, with Myrmidons ACHILLES. Come here about me, you my Myrmidon
man thou com'st, and what thy quarrel. Speak truly on thy knighthood and thy oath; As so defend thee heaven and thy valour! MOWBRAY. My name is Thom
he elbow. The letters were still legible, but it was perfectly clear from their blurred appearance, and from the staining of the skin round them, that efforts had been made to obliterate them. It wa
aunt? For sleeping England long time have I watch'd; Watching breeds leanness, leanness is an gaunt. The pleasure that some fathers feed upon
 my grief, and whilst this poor wealth lasts To entertain me as your steward still. TIMON. Had I a steward So true, so just, and now so comfortable? It almost tu
fe, to turn it on. At one side of the fireplace was a heavy curtain, which covered the bay window we had seen from outside. On the other side was the door which communicated
orse sin than ill doctrine: Men of his way should be most liberal, They are set here for examples. CHAMBERLAIN. True, they are so; But few now give so great ones. 
d eagerly. "'In a most extraordinary fashion. A letter arrived for my father yesterday evening, bearing the Fordingbridge post-mark. My father read it, clapped both his hands to 
t. KING JOHN. In us that are our own great deputy And bear possession of our person here, Lord of our presence, Angiers, and of you. CITIZEN. A greater pow'r than we deni
longed, and so heard nothing but craniology for the rest of our drive. I have not lived for years with Sherlock Holmes for nothing. I have only one other incident to record upon this tempestuou
s." "You wish to employ me as a consulting detective?" "Not that only. I want your opinion as a judicious man--as a man of the world. I want to know what I ought to do next. I hope t
thin] What's all the doors open here? TROILUS. It is your uncle. Enter PANDARUS CRESSIDA. A pestilence on him! Now will he be mocking. I shall have such a life! PANDARUS. How
, my girl, the matter must be probed to the bottom." "But I am so sure that he is innocent. You know what woman's instincts are. I know that he has done no
ene II. The highway near Gadshill. Enter Prince and Poins. Poins. Come, shelter, shelter! I have remov'd Falstaff's horse, and he frets like a gu
h blood, lost be it so! BUCKINGHAM. Peace, peace, for shame, if not for charity! QUEEN MARGARET. Urge neither charity nor s
y name is Walter Whitmore. How now! Why start'st thou? What, doth death affright? SUFFOLK. Thy name affrights me, in whose sound is dea
 is mine. Ham. Thou dost lie in't, to be in't and say it is thine. 'Tis for the dead, not for the quick; t
ng. He was never, But where he meant to ruin, pitiful. His promises were, as he then was, mighty; But his performance, as he is now, nothing. Of his own body
thy control. 126 O thou my lovely boy who in thy power, Dost hold Time's fickle glass his fickle hour: Who hast by waning grown, and therein show'st, Thy lovers withering, as thy
r fill. BAPTISTA. Gentlemen, that I may soon make good What I have said- Bianca, get you in; And let it not displease thee, good Bianca, For I wil
ll have some half a dozen friends, And there an end. But what say you to Thursday? Par. My lord, I would that Thursday were
 that I rose somewhat earlier than usual, and found that Sherlock Holmes had not yet finished his breakfast. The landlady had become so accustomed to my late habits that my place had not been
s?- titles, for thyself? -me. Thus expecting thy reply, I profane my lips on thy foot, my eyes on thy picture, and my heart on thy every part. Thine in the deares
ontrollable agitation, with a flush upon his sallow cheeks and a nervous clasping and unclasping of his long thin hands. "
 knives i' th' war. Well, I will find him; For being now a favourer to the Briton, No more a Briton, I have resum'd again The part I came in
ation. Your life may depend upon your compliance." "I assure you that I am in your hands." "In the first place, both my friend and I must spend the night in your room." Both Miss Stoner
re not T'allay my rages and revenges with Your colder reasons. VOLUMNIA. O, no more, no more! You have said you will not grant us any thing- For we have 
earing arrows with letters on the ends of them; with him MARCUS, YOUNG LUCIUS, and other gentlemen, PUBLIUS, SEMPRONIUS, and CAIUS, with b
 Take thou no scorn to wear the horn; It was a crest ere thou wast born. Thy father's father wore it; And thy father bore it. The horn
th I willingly take, and will perform. [Coming from the throne] WARWICK. Long live King Henry! Plantagenet, embrace him. KING HENRY. And long live thou, and these thy forward sons! YORK. Now Y
 am a Roman; and my services are, as you are, against 'em. Know you me yet? VOLSCE. Nicanor? No! ROMAN. The same, sir. VOLSCE. YOU had more beard when I last saw you, but
pomp shall be my hell. Sometimes I'll say I am Duke Humphrey's wife, And he a prince, and ruler of the land; Yet so he rul'd, and such a prince
.," and then came several sheets of numbers. Another heading was Argentine, another Costa Rica, and another San Paulo, each with pag
ted by his distemper, and, forsooth, to search his house for his wife's love. FORD. What, while you were there? FALSTAFF. While I was there. FORD. And did he sea
nk it will have upon his plans now that he knows you are here?" "It may cause him to be more cautious, or it may drive him to desperate measures at once. Like most clever 
 What interest could he have in persecuting the Baskerville family? I thought of the strange warning clipped out of the leading article of the Times. Was that his work
E. What sayest thou, bully Bottom? BOTTOM. There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisby that will never please. First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself; which the ladies can
tch, forbade her my house, and hath threat'ned to beat her. MRS. PAGE. Heaven guide him to thy husband's cudgel; and the devil guide his cudgel afterwards! MRS. F
ence. "I am not aware that in all our joint researches we have ever had a case which was more difficult to get at. Every fresh advance which we make only reveals a fresh ridg
weep. Alas the day! EMILIA. Hath she forsook so many noble matches, Her father and her country and her friends, To be call'd whore? Would it not m
ctation, I think we are so a body strong enough, Even as we are, to equal with the King. LORD BARDOLPH. What, is the King but fi
out? No more! ARIEL. I prithee, Remember I have done thee worthy service, Told thee no lies, made thee no mistakings, serv'd Without or grudge o
wing lose, Like vassalage at unawares encount'ring The eye of majesty. Re-enter PANDARUS With CRESSIDA PANDARUS. Come, come, what need you blush? Shame's a baby.-Here she is now; 
ROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Because it is a blessing that he bestows on beasts, and what he hath scanted men in hair he hath given them in wit. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRA
one that humbly sues; For Queen, a very caitiff crown'd with care; For she that scorn'd at me, now scorn'd of me; Fo
ht a glimpse of his face in the mirror over the mantelpiece. I could have sworn that it was set in a malicious and abominable smile. Yet I persuaded myself that it must have been some nervou
 silent person; but he had polite manners and a pleasant smile. He inquired how we were left, and on finding that we were very poor he 
es, sir." "I don't understand that. I should say that only a clean-shaven man could have smoked this. Why, Watson, even your modest moustache would have
endation. "I am on the trail of my life now, Mr. Holmes," said he. "If I can get Gorgiano--" "What! Gorgiano of the Red Circle?" "Oh, he has a
and more, so that I never doubted that Frank was really dead. Then Lord St. Simon came to 'Frisco, and we came to London, and 
y story linked on to it--that it is the clue which will guide you in the solution of some mystery and the punishment of some crime." "No, no. No c
a man As all the world- why he's a man of wax. Wife. Verona's summer hath not such a flower. Nurse. Nay, he's a flower, in faith- a ve
a hand to write this? a heart and brain to breed it in? When came this to you? Who brought it? Edm. It was not brought me, my lord: there's the cunning of it. I found it thrown
 upon you, and I long to hear it. Exeunt SCENE II. London. The Presence Chamber in the KING'S palace Enter the KING, GLOUCESTER, BEDFORD, EXETER, WARWICK, WESTMORELAND, and atte
lisbury hath won Is that he was the lord ambassador Sent from a sort of tinkers to the King. COMMONS. [Within] An answer from the King, or we will all break in! KING HENRY. Go, Salisbury, and tell t
. A mighty man of Pisa. By report I know him well. You are very welcome, sir. Take you the lute, and you the set of books; You shall go see your pup
 and fear and anger all mingled in the one dreadful shriek. They say that away down in the village, and even in the distant parsonage, that cry raised the sleepers from their beds. It st
nstant over one of Mr. Baynes's tiny eyes. "We agreed to work on our own lines, Mr. Holmes. That's what I am doing." "Oh, very good," said Holmes. "Don't blame me
ady, I will commend you to mine own heart. ROSALINE. Pray you, do my commendations; I would be glad to see it. BEROWNE. I would you h
uard. The robber must have just burst open the door--the lock has been forced--when William came upon him." "Did William say anything to his mother before going out?" "She is very 
 in our own way to get our rights." Ettie threw her arms round her lover's neck. "Give it up, Jack! For my sake, for God's sake, give it up! It was to ask you that I came here to-day. Oh, Jack, se
Douglases took possession of it. This family consisted of only two individuals--John Douglas and his wife. Douglas was a remarkable man, both in character and in person. In age he may hav
 live far aloof from romance. But Mr. Henderson, of High Gable, was by all accounts a curious man to whom curious adventures mig
side] O knowledge ill-inhabited, worse than Jove in a thatch'd house! TOUCHSTONE. When a man's verses cannot be understood, nor a man's good wit seconded with 
 age, even when the invalid is a youth. In this case, looking at the bold, strong hand of the one, and the rather broken-backed appearance of the other
s certain that nowhere in Europe is there any sign of trouble. Now, if this letter were loose--no, it can't be loose--but if it isn't loose, where can it be? Who has it? Why is it held back
st, a thousand deaths would die. OLIVIA. Where goes Cesario? VIOLA. After him I love More than I love these eyes, more than my life, More, by all mores, than e'er I sh
DOLPH. Well said; th'art a good fellow. FEEBLE. Faith, I'll bear no base mind. Re-enter FALSTAFF and the JUSTICES FALSTAFF. Come, s
 is a kind of character in thy life That to th' observer doth thy history Fully unfold. Thyself and thy belongings Are not thine own so proper as to waste Thyself upon thy virtues, they on 
ford; a bedlam and ambitious humour Makes him oppose himself against his king. CLIFFORD. He is a traitor; let him to the Tower, And chop away that factious pate of his. QUEEN. He is arr
 For what is he they follow? Truly, gentlemen, A bloody tyrant and a homicide; One rais'd in blood, and one in blood establish'd; One that made means to come by what he hath, A
 are womanish, thy wild acts denote The unreasonable fury of a beast. Unseemly woman in a seeming man! Or ill-beseeming beast in seeming both! Thou hast a
rrow, and we were occasionally allowed to pay short visits at this lady's house. Julia went there at Christmas two years ago, and met there a half-pay major of marines, to whom she became engage
t well, sir? how but well? It were impossible I should speed amiss. BAPTISTA. Why, how now, daughter Katherine, in your dumps? KATHERINA. Call you me daughter? 
f them too that die against their wills; so should I, if I were one. I would we were all of one mind, and one mind good. O, there 
ISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1605 MEASURE FOR MEASURE by William Shakespeare DRAM
 The fringed curtains of thine eye advance, And say what thou seest yond. MIRANDA. What is't? a spirit? Lord, how it looks about! Believe me, sir, It carries a brave form. But 'tis a spirit. PRO
turn to him. NORTHUMBERLAND. Plantagenet, for all the claim thou lay'st, Think not that Henry shall be so depos'd. WARWICK. Depos'd he shall be, in despite o
n special business from his Holiness. ESCALUS. What news abroad i' th' world? DUKE. None, but that there is so great a fever on goodness that the dissolutio
 you'll have the whole town here inside of five minutes." There was indeed the sound of shouting in the street, and a little group of compositors and pressmen was forming in th
d served the humble function of a kitchen garden. The inner one was still there, and lay forty feet in breadth, though now only a few feet in depth, round the whole house. A small strea
-some large, round object which obscured the light as it was dragged through the open casement. "Now!" cried Holmes. "Now!" We were all upon our feet, stagg
loodless cheeks. "That's better!" said he. "And now, Doctor, perhaps you would kindly attend to my thumb, or rather to the place where my thumb used to be." He unw
lready assembled, and only by complicated signs and counter-signs could he pass through the outer guard and inner guard who close-tiled it. A buzz of pleasure and welcome greeted him as he enter
 Go, clear thy crystals. Yoke-fellows in arms, Let us to France, like horse-leeches, my boys, To suck, to suck, the ver
Lame, foolish, crooked, swart, prodigious, Patch'd with foul moles and eye-offending marks, I would not care, I then would be content; For then I should not love thee; no, nor thou Become thy gre
et guardian! Hark, a word with you. [Whispers] TROILUS. Yea, so familiar! ULYSSES. She will sing any man at first sight. THERSITES. And any man may sing her, if he can take her cliff; she's noted. D
never! Pray you undo this button. Thank you, sir. Do you see this? Look on her! look! her lips! Look there, look there! He dies. Edg. He faints! My lord, my lord! Kent.
ed with English faces. CONSTABLE. I will not say so, for fear I should be fac'd out of my way; but I would it were morning, for I would fain be about the 
ave no sooner achieved, but we'll set upon them. Prince. Yea, but 'tis like that they will know us by our horses, by our habits, and by every other appointment, to
when he came to man's estate. I will read you the questions and answers as they stand. "'Whose was it?' "'His who is gone.' "'Who shall have it?' "'He who will come.
tongue. BRUTUS. O, what a time have you chose out, brave Caius, To wear a kerchief! Would you were not sick! LIGARIUS. I am not sick, if Brutus h
ates in the course of the week," he said; "in the mean time, Mr. Jefferson Hope, have you anything that you wish to say? I must warn you that your words will be taken down, and may be used against 
hes! What a head have I! It beats as it would fall in twenty pieces. My back o' t' other side,- ah, my back, my back! Beshrew your heart for sen
 I learn'd before in my life; and I paid nothing for it neither, but was paid for my learning. Enter BARDOLPH BARDOLPH. Out, alas, sir, cozenage, mere c
ame; Experience, manhood, honour, ne'er before Did violate so itself. ENOBARBUS. Alack, alack! Enter CANIDIUS CANIDIUS. Our fortune on the sea is out of breath, And sinks most la
 if peradventure this be true. Go you and tell her of it. [Exit Antonio.] [Enter Antonio's Son with a Musician, and others.] [To the Son] Cousin, you know what you have to do. --[To the Musician
enter SERVANT SERVANT. Here is the sister of the man condemn'd Desires access to you. ANGELO. Hath he a sister? PROVOST. Ay, my good lord; a very virtuous maid, And to be shortly of a sisterhood, If 
f a knight presently. [Kneels] Rise up, Sir John Mortimer. [Rises] Now have at him! Enter SIR HUMPHREY STAFFORD and WILLIAM his brother, with drum and soldiers STAFFORD. Rebellious hinds, the f
sala. Let them all come down. Exeunt. SCENE III. Another part of the field. Alarums. Enter Cassius and Titinius. CASSIUS. O, look, Titinius, look, the villains fly! Mys
 slip of paper and leaves it." "Prints it?" "Yes, sir; prints it in pencil. Just the word, nothing more. Here's the one I brought to show you--soap. Here's anot
te; I'll to my rest. Exeunt [all but Juliet and Nurse]. Jul. Come hither, nurse. What is yond gentleman? Nurse. The son and heir of old Tiberio. Jul. What's he that now is going out of door? Nurse. M
sick at sea Or stomach-qualm'd at land, a dram of this Will drive away distemper. To some shade, And fit you to your manhood. May the gods Direct you to the best! IMOGEN. Amen. I thank the
'd thee for too much curiosity; in thy rags thou know'st none, but art despis'd for the contrary. There's a medlar for thee; eat it. TIMON. On what I hate I feed not. APEMANTUS. Dost hate a medlar?
 thou hast, for even so look'd he, Accomplish'd with the number of thy hours; But when he frown'd, it was against the French And not against his friends. His noble han
e said to be a flattering honest man, it must not be denied but I am a plain-dealing villain. I am trusted with a muzzle and enfranchis'd with a clog; t
l give us cause to climb in the merriness. COSTARD. The matter is to me, sir, as concerning Jaquenetta. The manner of it is, I was taken with the manner. BEROWNE. In what manne
en. Exeunt all but the CLOWN CLOWN sings When that I was and a little tiny boy, With hey, ho, the wind and the rain, A foolish thing was but a toy, For the rain it raineth
e them clearly." "We are told that three men drank from them. Does that strike you as likely?" "Why not? There was wine in each glass." "Exactly; but there was bees-wing 
o ill. Are we not beaten? Is not Angiers lost? Arthur ta'en prisoner? Divers dear friends slain? And bloody England into England gone, O'erbearing interruption, spite o
eguil'd me with a counterfeit Resembling majesty, which, being touch'd and tried, Proves valueless; you are forsworn, forsworn; You came in ar
 will I turn her virtue into pitch, And out of her own goodness make the net That shall enmesh them all. Enter Roderigo. How now, Roderigo! RODERIGO. I do f
ny days, Do challenge thee to trial of a man. I say thou hast belied mine innocent child; Thy slander hath gone through and through her heart, And she lied buri
 lady so: To vow, and swear, and superpraise my parts, When I am sure you hate me with your hearts. You both are rivals, and love Hermia; And now both rivals, to mock Helena. A trim exp
mvirs OCTAVIUS CAESAR, " M. AEMILIUS LEPIDUS, " SEXTUS POMPEIUS, " DOMITIUS ENOBARBUS, friend to Antony VENTIDIUS, " " " EROS, " " " SCARU
nne moy.' DUCHESS. Dost thou teach pardon pardon to destroy? Ah, my sour husband, my hard-hearted lord, That sets the word itself against the word! Speak 'pardon' as 'tis current in our l
e. Exit COUNTESS. [Reads] 'I have sent you a daughter-in-law; she hath recovered the King and undone me. I have wedded her, not bedded her; and sworn to make the "not" eter
 friends, if you should fright the ladies out of their wits, they would have no more discretion but to hang us; but I will aggravate my voice so, that I will roar you as gently a
 with a key the back door of a house. We entered together and he closed it behind us. The place was pitch-dark, but it was evident to me that it was an empty house. Our feet creaked and crackled ov
the scale do turn But in the estimation of a hair- Thou diest, and all thy goods are confiscate. GRATIANO. A second Daniel, a Daniel, Jew! Now, infidel, I have you on the hip. PORTIA. Why doth th
covenants may be kept on either hand. BAPTISTA. Ay, when the special thing is well obtain'd, That is, her love; for that is all in all. PETRUCHIO. Why, that is nothing; f
ries out thou art; Thy tears are womanish, thy wild acts denote The unreasonable fury of a beast. Unseemly woman in a seeming man! Or ill-beseeming beast in seeming both! Thou hast amaz'd
e fact which has not been explained is the statement of Barrymore that his master's footprints altered their character from the time that he passed the moor-gate, and that he appeared from thenc
raid this great lubber, the world, will prove a cockney. I prithee now, ungird thy strangeness, and tell me what I shall vent to my lady. Shall I vent to her
our aid. But in short space It it rain'd down fortune show'ring on your head, And such a flood of greatness fell on you- What with our help, what with the abs
m afraid this great lubber, the world, will prove a cockney. I prithee now, ungird thy strangeness, and tell me what I shall vent to my lady. Shall I vent to her that thou art coming
ngular account of his father's dying words. They are all, as he remarks, very much against the son." Holmes laughed softly to himself and stretched himself ou
n you tell me what you know is false?' I cried. 'Your very voice changes as you speak. When have I ever had a secret from you? I shall enter that cottage, and I shall probe the matter to th
, but we have to deal with a hard-headed British jury." "Nous verrons," answered Holmes calmly. "You work your own method, and I shall work mine. I shall be busy this afternoo
u won't gain anything by sitting keening like an old wife at a wake. Let's have the facts. Who is the fellow? Where is he? How did you hear of him? Why did you c
bind him here. ARTHUR. Alas, what need you be so boist'rous rough? I will not struggle, I will stand stone-still. For heaven sake, Hubert, let me not be bound! Nay, hear me, Hubert!
ge his personality. He said nothing of his business to me, and it was not my habit to force a confidence. The first positive sign which he gave me of the direction which his investigation was taking 
a feverous pulse, And all my powers do their bestowing lose, Like vassalage at unawares encount'ring The eye of majesty. Re-enter PANDARUS With CRESSIDA PANDARUS. Come, come, what ne
in its contrary as great As my trust was; which had indeed no limit, A confidence sans bound. He being thus lorded, Not only with what my revenue yielded, But what my po
at if there was a plot it was not against you." This, then, was the explanation of the stealthy expeditions at night and the light at the window. Sir Henry and I both stared at the woman
hing of him that doth fade But doth suffer a sea-change Into something rich and strange. Sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell: [Burden: Ding-dong.] Hark! now I hear them-Ding-dong bell. FERDI
, your best appointment make with speed; To-morrow you set on. CLAUDIO. Is there no remedy? ISABELLA. None, but such remedy as, to save a head, To cleave a heart in t
 thou do for her? King. O, he is mad, Laertes. Queen. For love of God, forbear him! Ham. 'Swounds, show me what thou't do. Woo't weep? woo't fight? woo't fast? woo't tear thyself? 
our Mugs, we'll call up the gentlemen. They will along with company, for they have great charge. Exeunt [Carriers]. Gads. What, ho! chamberlain! Enter Chamberlai
d your part- I mean, your voice for crowning of the King. GLOUCESTER. Than my Lord Hastings no man might be bolder; His lordship knows me well and loves me well. 
ter you would find yourself in my shoes. It's for the lodge to say that. But so long as I am the chief I'll have no man lift his voice against me or my rulings." "I have nothing against you," mumb
e silence of the moor. Crouching among the stones we stared intently at the silver-tipped bank in front of us. The steps grew louder, and through the fog, as through 
ave play'd The interim, by rememb'ring you 'tis past. Then brook abridgment; and your eyes advance, After your thoughts, straight back again to France. Exit SCENE I. France. The English camp Enter 
tice. What justice can she have? It is too much to suppose that her father is still alive. There is no other injustice in her case that you know of." "There are difficulties; there are certainly diff
est than living lips, Since saucy jacks so happy are in this, Give them thy fingers, me thy lips to kiss. 129 Th' expense of spirit in a waste of shame Is lust in action, and till action, lust I
 read our plans." She tore from the bosom of her dress a small packet. "These are my last words," said she; "here is the packet which will save Alexis. I confide it to your honour and to your 
 COSTARD. Then will she get the upshoot by cleaving the pin. MARIA. Come, come, you talk greasily; your lips grow foul. COSTARD. She's too hard for you at pricks, sir; ch
 GENTLEMAN GENTLEMAN. Gracious sovereign, Whether I have been to blame or no, I know not: Here's a petition from a Florentine, Who hath, for four or five removes, come short To tende
 MESSENGER MESSENGER. News, my good lord, from Rome. ANTONY. Grates me the sum. CLEOPATRA. Nay, hear them, Antony. Fulvia perchance is angry; or who knows 
 SPEED. What, are they broken? LAUNCE. No, they are both as whole as a fish. SPEED. Why then, how stands t
 Sholto was, on his own confession, with his brother last night. The brother died in a fit, on which Sholto walked off with 
 TROILUS. Nothing at all, unless that this were she. THERSITES. Will 'a swagger himself out on's own eyes? TROILUS. This she? No; this is Diomed's Cressida. I
 in their sleep who have died holily in their beds. LADY MACBETH. Wash your hands, put on your nightgown, look not so pale. I tell you yet
 that the bleeding came from there, adding that he had been to the window not long before, and that the stains which had been observed there came doubtless from the same source. He denied strenu
LEOPATRA. They do not go together. ANTONY. Gentle, hear me: None about Caesar trust but Proculeius. CLEOPATRA. My resolut
SURVEYOR. I can, my liege. KING. Proceed. SURVEYOR. Being at Greenwich, After your Highness had reprov
an reason synthetically for one who can reason analytically." "I confess," said I, "that I do not quite follow you." "I hardly expected 
h are the poor, in health- or else a feast, And takes away the stomach- such are the rich That have abundance and enjoy it not. I should rejoice now at this happy news
hall I do! I have lost my honour, my gems, and my son in one night. Oh, what shall I do!" He put a hand on either side of his head and rocked himself to and fro, droning to hims
ight have killed Mr. and Mrs. Browner, and the male ear might have belonged to the husband. There were many grave objections to this theory, but it was conceivabl
nd SLENDER. Adieu, good Master Doctor. Exeunt PAGE, SHALLOW, and SLENDER CAIUS. By gar, me vill kill de priest; for he speak for a jack- an-ape to An
ter Person. HOLOFERNES. Master Person, quasi pers-one. And if one should be pierc'd which is the one?
. Aunchient Pistol, I do partly understand your meaning. PISTOL. Why then, rejoice therefore. FLUELLEN. Certainly, Aunchient, it is no
f all thy brother cardinals, With thee and all thy best parts bound together, Weigh'd not a hair of his. Plague of your policy! You sent me deputy for Ireland
, and then enter MARTIUS and MUTIUS, two of TITUS' sons; and then two men bearing a coffin covered with black; then LUCIU
r from the Tower, to defend the city from the rebels. SCALES. Such aid as I can spare you shall command, But I 
e going to now?" I asked, as we left the office. "We are now going to interview Lord Holdhurst, the cabinet minister and future premier of England.
y. PISTOL. Le Roy! a Cornish name; art thou of Cornish crew? KING HENRY. No, I am a Welshman. PISTOL. Know'st thou 
n. THURIO. That hath more mind to feed on your blood than live in your air. VALENTINE. You have said, sir. THURIO. A
g. WOLSEY. Is he ready To come abroad? CROMWELL. I think by this he is. WOLSEY. Leave me awhile. Exit CROMWELL [Aside] It shall be to the Duchess of Alencon, The French Kin
o? Bene. No, you shall pardon me. Beat. Nor will you not tell me who you are? Bene. Not now. Beat. That I was disdainful, and that I had my good wit out of the 'Hundr
e. Art thou anything? Art thou some god, some angel, or some devil That makest my blood cold and my hair to stare? Speak to me what thou art. GHOST. Thy evil spirit, Brutus. BRUTUS. Why 
ST CITIZEN. For mine own part, When I said banish him, I said 'twas pity. SECOND CITIZEN. And so did I. TH
er PATROCLUS PATROCLUS. Who's there? Thersites! Good Thersites, come in and rail. THERSITES. If I could 'a rememb'red a gilt co
ld, thou hast a pair of chaps- no more; And throw between them all the food thou hast, They'll grind the one the other. Where's Antony? EROS. He's walking in the garden- thus, and spurns Th
red thousand francs--more than forty thousand pounds--at the Portalis sale may start a train of reflection in your mind." It was clear that
nged heavily behind us. It was a fine apartment in which we found ourselves, large, lofty, and heavily raftered with huge balk
r my father here. DUKE. It shall not need; thy father hath his life. COURTEZAN. Sir, I must have that diamond from you. AN
ard, and the good Macduff. Revenges burn in them, for their dear causes Would to the bleeding and the gri
. No hare, sir; unless a hare, sir, in a lenten pie, that is something stale and hoar ere it be spent He walks by them and sings. An old hare hoar, And a
last my speech. My fear, is your displeasure; my curtsy, my duty; and my speech, to beg your pardons. If you look for a good speech now, you undo me; for what
ntil the goose came out of door, Staying the odds by adding four. MOTH. A good l'envoy, ending in the goose;
with the plans. No one else had the handling of them." "Who locked up the plans that night?" "Mr. Sidney Johnson, the senior clerk." "Well, it is surely perfectly clear who took them away. 
shore? ARIEL. Close by, my master. PROSPERO. But are they, Ariel, safe? ARIEL. Not a hair perish'd; On their sustaining garments not a blemish, Bu
s! Why should a thief try to break in at a bedroom window, where there could be no hope of any plunder, and why should he come with a long knife in his hand?" "Y
" "My practice--" I began. "Oh, if you find your own cases more interesting than mine--" said Holmes, with some asperity. "I was going to say that my practice could get along very well
 said McFarlane. "Pray proceed." McFarlane wiped his damp brow and then continued his narrative:-- "I was shown by this woman into a sitting-room, where a frugal supper w
 body. DOCTOR. Well, well, well- GENTLEWOMAN. Pray God it be, sir. DOCTOR. This disease is beyond my practice. Yet I have known those which have walked in their sleep 
 being cruel to the world, concluded Most cruel to herself. What she confess'd I will report, so please you; these her women Can 
l I be reveng'd on him? for reveng'd I will be, as sure as his guts are made of puddings. Enter MISTRESS FORD MRS. FORD. Mis
trange. BRUTUS. Why ask you? Hear you aught of her in yours? MESSALA. No, my lord. BRUTUS. Now, as you are a Roman, tell me true. MESSALA. Th
unk. When he is best, he is a little worse than a man, and when he is worst, he is little better than a beast. An the worst fall that ever fell, I hope
eye, And all my soul, and all my every part; And for this sin there is no remedy, It is so grounded inward in my heart. Methinks no face so gracious is as mine, No sh
eontes? CAMILLO. Shall satisfy your father. PERDITA. Happy be you! All that you speak shows fair. CAMILLO. [seeing AUTOLYCUS] Who have we here? We
vows be sanctimonies, If sanctimony be the god's delight, If there be rule in unity itself, This was not she. O madness of discourse, That cau
n stump upon the right side. At the sound of his strident, angry cries there was movement in the huddled bundle upon the deck. It straightened itself into a little black man--the smallest I ha
ect him with the affair." "And nothing to connect this man Simpson with the interests of the Mapleton stables?" "Nothing at all." Holmes leaned back in the carriage, 
e Duke, with the other dukes, come not to composition with the King of Hungary, why then all the dukes fall upon the King. FIRST GENTLEMAN. Heaven grant us its peace, but not the King 
tever it might be, it was perfectly clear that there was no possible use in my resisting, and that I could only wait to see what might befall. "For nearly two hours we drove witho
th mine. PROTEUS. All happiness bechance to thee in Milan! VALENTINE. As much to you at home; and so farewell! Exit VALENTINE PROTEUS. He after honour hunts, I after love; He leaves his fr
he gloom into the light, and so back into the gloom once more. I am not subject to impressions, but the dull, heavy 
n backs, no more stockings than legs, nor no more shoes than feet- nay, sometime more feet than shoes, or such 
 wearing on their heads garlands of bays, and golden vizards on their faces; branches of bays or palm in their hands. They first conge
 What do you think of me? King. As of a man faithful and honourable. Pol. I would fain prove so. But what might you think, When I had seen this hot love on the win
' matter. ANTONY. 'Tis spoken well. Were we before our arinies, and to fight, I should do thus. [Flourish] CAESAR. Welcome to Rome. ANTONY. Thank you. CAESAR. Sit
 be true; and that even if something quite unforeseen occurred to separate us, I was always to remember that I was pledged to him, and that he would claim his pledge sooner or later. It seemed
letter to which he referred, and on the margins of which he scribbled some notes. Once from the back of his waist he produced somet
ven of it. PISTOL. Nym, thou hast spoke the right; His heart is fracted and corroborate. NYM. The King is a good king, but it must be as it may; he passes some humours and careers. PISTOL. Let us c
It meant everything to me--peace of mind, happiness, self-respect--everything. I knew Sir Charles's generosity, and I thought that if he heard the story
eated me shamefully--shamefully. When the facts come out in Frankland v. Regina I venture to think that 
s. An chud ha' bin zwagger'd out of my life, 'twould not ha' bin zo long as 'tis by a vortnight. Nay, come not near th' old
 praise to mine own self bring: And what is't but mine own when I praise thee? Even for this, let us divided live, And our dear love lose name of single one, That by this separation I may give: That
erley Farm upon the left." "Yes, that is it." It was a widespread, comfortable-looking building, two-storied, slate-roofed, with great yellow blotches of lichen upon the grey walls.
t. ORLANDO. I would not be cured, youth. ROSALIND. I would cure you, if you would but call me Rosalind, and come every day to my cote and woo me. ORL
he lodge? Stand back!" He raised his stick; but McMurdo had whipped his pistol out of his hip pocket. "Stand back yourself!" he cried. "I'll blow your face in if you lay a hand on me. 
life, if it be sin, Heaven let me bear it! You granting of my suit, If that be sin, I'll make it my morn prayer To have it added to the faults of mine, And nothing o
marching in his coats. Doug. Now, by my sword, I will kill all his coats; I'll murder all his wardrop, piece by piece, Until I meet the 
ong account of their delinquencies, with their names and those of their hospitals. Holmes listened attentively to everything, throwing in a question from time to time. "About your
gain. Whiles we have struck, By interims and conveying gusts we have heard The charges of our friends. The Roman gods, Lead their suc
ar. Re-enter GUIDERIUS with CLOTEN'S head But, see, thy brother. GUIDERIUS. This Cloten was a fool, an empty purse; There
 do you not? SERVANT. I do, Mark Antony. ANTONY. Caesar did write for him to come to Rome. SERVANT. He did receive his letters, and is coming, And bid me say to you by word of 
ord, And was a common gamester to the camp. DIANA. He does me wrong, my lord; if I were so He might have bought me at a common price. Do not believe him. o, beho
was a lady's hand-bag which stood upon the study table--a trim little hand-bag of crocodile-skin and silver. Holmes opened it and turned the contents out. There were twenty fifty-pound not
 is all. But if I had not taken things for granted, if I had examined everything with care which I would 
 by his next neighbour, by Sir Smile, his neighbour. Nay, there's comfort in't, Whiles other men have gates and those gates open'd, A
he knowledge which he possessed was such as would be useful to him. I enumerated in my own mind all the various points upon which he had shown me that he was exceptionally well-informed. I e
supplication, and the QUEEN with SUFFOLK'S head; the DUKE OF BUCKINGHAM, and the LORD SAY QUEEN. Oft have I heard that grief softens the mind And makes it fearfu
elot, being an honest man's son' or rather 'an honest woman's son'; for indeed my father did something smack, som
OL, and ROBIN FALSTAFF. Mine host of the Garter! HOST. What says my bully rook? Speak scholarly and wisely. FALSTAFF.
 papers which had been committed to my care had been taken from the desk on which they lay. The copy was there, and the or
ords, blacker in their effect Than in their countenance. Will you hear the letter? SILVIUS. So please you, for I never heard it yet; Yet heard too much of Phebe's cruelty. ROSALIND. She Pheb
w that you did painting need, And therefore to your fair no painting set, I found (or thought I found) you di
WARD. Where is the Duke of Norfolk, gentle Warwick? And when came George from Burgundy to England? WARWICK. Some six miles off the Duke is 
iest, the fool, and the boy: Abate throw at novum, and the whole world again Cannot pick out five such, take each one in his vein. KING. The ship is under sail, an
dgment. Enter a MESSENGER LEPIDUS. Here's more news. MESSENGER. Thy biddings have been done; and every hour, Most noble Caesar, shalt thou have report How 'tis abr
im?" "Yes, yes, no doubt he is somewhere, and no doubt we shall get him; but I would not have you waste your energies in East Ham or Liverpool. I am sure that we can find some shorter cut to a 
t to furnish me to-morrow? Mother. No, not till Thursday. There is time enough. Cap. Go, nurse, go with her. We'll to church to-morrow. Exeunt Juliet and Nurse. Mother. We shall be sho
eat ancestor Did from the flames of Troy upon his shoulder The old Anchises bear, so from the waves of Tiber Did I the tired Caesar. And this man Is now become a god, and Cassius is
house partook of the same dish on the same night without any ill effect. "Those are the main facts of the case, stripped of all surmise, and
ou meditating on virginity? HELENA. Ay. You have some stain of soldier in you; let me ask you a question. Man is enemy to virginity; how may we barricado it against him? 
hree: I was seen with her in the manor-house, sitting with her upon the form, and taken following her into the park; which, put together, is in manner and form following. Now, sir, f
d the kingly lion And made the forest tremble when they roar'd. Thus have we swept suspicion from our seat And made our footstool of security. Come hither, Bess, and 
TIO'S house Enter BIONDELLO, LUCENTIO, and BIANCA; GREMIO is out before BIONDELLO. Softly and swiftly, sir, for the pr
e a handkerchief- OTHELLO. What then? IAGO. Why, then, 'tis hers, my lord, and being hers, She may, I think, bestow't on any man. OTHELLO. She is protectress o
 in faith, 'tis a fair hand, And whiter than the paper it writ on Is the fair hand that writ. GRATIANO. Love-news, in faith
ccasion to use me for your own turn, you shall find me yare; for truly, sir, for your kindness I owe you a good turn. PROVOST. Call hither Barnardine
peradventure some of the best of 'em were hereditary hangmen. God-den to your worships. More of your conversation would infect my brain, being the herdsmen of the beastly plebeians. I 
t- Then trip him, that his heels may kick at heaven, And that his soul may be as damn'd and black As hell, whereto it goes. My mother s
alour, to put fire in your heart and brimstone in your liver. You should then have accosted her; and with some excellent jest
o this foolery, as it appears he hath, he is no fool for fancy, as you would have it appear he is. Claud. If he be not in love with some woman, there is no believing old signs. 'A brushes
 professors! Would you have me- If you have any justice, any pity, If ye be any thing but churchmen's habits- Put my sick cause into his hands that hates me? Alas! has banish'd me his bed 
son in Christendom. Prince. Where shall we take a purse tomorrow, Jack? Fal. Zounds, where thou wilt, lad! I'll make one. An I do not, call me villain and baffle me. Prince. I see a goo
rong. Enter another MESSENGER THIRD MESSENGER. My lord, the army of great Buckingham- KING RICHARD. Out on you, owls! Nothi
T. Disarm them, and let them question; let them keep their limbs whole and hack our English. CAIUS. I pray you, let-a me speak a word with your 
nt song. He appeared to have plenty of money, which was said to have been gained in the California gold fields, and it was clear from his own talk and that of
 than polecats, sure. EVANS. You are a very simplicity oman; I pray you, peace. What is 'lapis,' William? WILLIAM. A stone. EVANS. And what is '
to make atonement Between the Duke of Gloucester and your brothers, And between them and my Lord Chamberlain; And sent to warn them to his royal presence. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Would all were well! But
Enter Romeo. Rom. Good morrow, father. Friar. Benedicite! What early tongue so sweet saluteth me? Young son, it argues a distempered head So soon to bid good morrow to thy
with a banquet FIRST SERVANT. Here they'll be, man. Some o' their plants are ill-rooted already; the least wind i' th' world will blow them down. SECOND SERVANT. Lepidus is high-col
h done, they deliver the same garland to the last two, who likewise observe the same order; at which, as it were by inspiration, she makes in her sleep signs of rejoicing, and
to Oberon. Exit Enter DEMETRIUS and HELENA, running HELENA. Stay, though thou kill me, sweet Demetrius. DEMETRIUS. I charge thee, hence, and do not 
Murillo, the Tiger of San Pedro," said Baynes. "If you look it up you will find that the San Pedro colours are green and white, same as in the note, Mr. 
 mayst hold a serpent by the tongue, A chafed lion by the mortal paw, A fasting tiger safer by the tooth, Than keep in peace that hand which thou dost hold. KING PHILIP. I may disjoin m
u are not drown'd. Is the storm overblown? I hid me under the dead moon-calf's gaberdine for fear of the storm. And art thou l
. Grant if thou wilt, thou art beloved of many, But that thou none lov'st is most evident: For thou art so possessed with murd'rous hate, That 'gainst thy self thou stick'st 
 honour mark his face? ESCALUS. Ay, sir, very well. POMPEY. Nay, I beseech you, mark it well. ESCALUS. Well, I do so. POMPEY. 
it is possible to make a slight nick upon the tendons of a horse's ham, and to do it subcutaneously, so as to leave absolutely no trace. A horse so treated would develop a slight lam
rt is tied? Why should my heart think that a several plot, Which my heart knows the wide world's common place? Or mine eyes seeing this, say this is not To put fair truth upon so foul a fac
my dilemmas, encourage myself in my certainty, put myself into my mortal preparation; and by midnight look to hear further from me. BERTRAM. May I be bold to acquaint his Grace you are gone 
PHESUS. Thou whoreson, senseless villain! DROMIO OF EPHESUS. I would I were senseless, sir, that I might not feel your blows. A
ot have followed us. A stranger then is still dogging us, just as a stranger dogged us in London. We have never shaken him off. If I could lay my hands upon that man
er. NATHANIEL. When in the world I liv'd, I was the world's commander- BOYET. Most true, 'tis right, you were so, Alisander. BEROWNE. Pompey the Great! COSTA
A. Thou hast some suit to Caesar, hast thou not? SOOTHSAYER. That I have, lady. If it will please Caesar To be so good to Caesar as to hear m
eal at a minute's rest. PISTOL. 'Convey' the wise it call. 'Steal' foh! A fico for the phrase! FALSTAFF. Well, sirs, I am almost out at heels. PISTOL. Why, then, let kibes ensue
US. Ay, sir, very well. POMPEY. Nay, I beseech you, mark it well. ESCALUS. Well, I do so. POMPEY. Doth your honour see any ha
omed, keep this sleeve. TROILUS. O beauty! where is thy faith? ULYSSES. My lord! TROILUS. I will be patient; outwardly I will. CRESSIDA. You look upon that
 Hindoo servant clad in a yellow turban, white loose-fitting clothes, and a yellow sash. There was something strangely incongruous in this Oriental figure framed in the commonp
od: I see no reason but suppos'd Lucentio Must get a father, call'd suppos'd Vincentio; And that's a wonder- fathers commonly Do get their children; but in this case of wo
n mine own cell, till thou didst seek to violate The honour of my child. CALIBAN. O ho, O ho! Would't had been done. Thou didst prevent me; I had peopl'd else This isl
tly amusement. Sometimes he will shut up a right of way and defy the parish to make him open it. At others he will with his own hands tear down so
the painted banquet bids my heart: Another time mine eye is my heart's guest, And in his thoughts of love doth share a part. So either by thy picture 
igation. I would suggest that you return to Norfolk, that you keep a keen look-out, and that you take an exact copy of any fresh dancing men which may appear. 
and thereby hangs a tale. CURTIS. Let's ha't, good Grumio. GRUMIO. Lend thine ear. CURTIS. Here. GRUMIO. There. [Striking h
l! ALL. Come, come. FIRST CITIZEN. Soft! who comes here? Enter MENENIUS AGRIPPA SECOND CITIZEN. Worthy Menenius Agrippa; one that hath always lov'd the peo
hard kill'd him. DUCHESS. I had a Richard too, and thou didst kill him; I had a Rutland too, thou holp'st to kill him. QUEEN MARGARET. Thou hadst a C
l, Caesar's will. ANTONY. Will you be patient? Will you stay awhile? I have o'ershot myself to tell you of it. I fear I wrong the hono
could Master Froth do the constable's wife any harm? I would know that of your honour. ESCALUS. He's in the right, constable; what say you to it? ELBOW. First, an it lik
he hedge-priest, the fool, and the boy: Abate throw at novum, and the whole world again Cannot pick out five such, take each one in his vein. KING. The s
ontrariety. Enter a second MESSENGER SECOND MESSENGER. You are sent for to the Senate. A fearful army, led by Caius Marcius Associated with Aufidius, rag
entleman he was, as far as he could see, but what he was doing he could not make out." "And where did he say that he lived?" "Among the old 
dow as well as the door of the room had been open. Otherwise the fumes of powder could not have been blown so rapidly through the house. A draught in the room was necessary for that. Bo
ards to move into Vermissa, and the two lodged together. There was no other boarder, and the hostess was an easy-going old Irishwoman who left them to themselves; so that they had a freedom for 
ad. And as the thing that's heavy in itself Upon enforcement flies with greatest speed, So did our men, heavy in Hotspur's loss, Lend to this
d too great might do at sea. I should not see the sandy hour-glass run But I should think of shallows and of flats, And see
there is a curt announcement that the wedding had taken place, and that the honeymoon would be passed at Lord Backwater's place, near Petersfield. Those are all the notices which appeared bef
t picture in Indian tapestry upon the right of it and three doors upon the left. Holmes advanced along it in the same slow and meth
l me that he shall die for't. ANGELO. He shall not, Isabel, if you give me love. ISABELLA. I know your virtue hath a license in't, Which seems a little fouler than it is, To pluck on others. ANGELO. 
ty. Cap. Why, I am glad on't. This is well. Stand up. This is as't should be. Let me see the County. Ay, marry, go, I say, and fetch him hither. Now, afore God, this reverend holy friar, A
ogic is rare. Therefore it is upon the logic rather than upon the crime that you should dwell. You have 
is baser, guided by her foot, which is basest, doth tread. I shall be forsworn- which is a great argument of falsehood- if I love. And how can that be true love which is 
ou art said to be Achilles' male varlet. PATROCLUS. Male varlet, you rogue! What's that? THERSITES. Why, his masculine whore. Now, the rotten diseases of the south, th
g of France LEWIS, the Dauphin DUKE OF BURGUNDY DUKE OF ORLEANS DUKE OF BRITAINE DUKE OF BOURBON THE CONSTABLE OF FRANCE RAMBURES, French Lord GRANDPRE, " " GOVERNOR OF HARFLEUR MONTJOY, a 
move his fit. If I can recover him, and keep him tame, I will not take too much for him; he shall pay for him that hath him, and that soundly. CALIBAN. Thou dos
en mad, and scarr'd herself; The brother blindly shed the brother's blood, The father rashly slaughter'd his own son, The son, compell'd, been butcher to the sire;
r own abilities. It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulat
CK, with LORDS ROSALIND. Let me love him for that; and do you love him because I do. Look, here comes the Duke.
To the FOOL] Come away. ISIDORE'S SERVANT. [To VARRO'S SERVANT] There's the fool hangs on your back already. APEMANTUS. No, thou stand'
 Exeunt, above, DUCHESS and HUME, guarded; below, WITCH, SOUTHWELL and BOLINGBROKE, guarded YORK. Lord Buckingham, methinks you watch'd her well. A pretty plot, well chosen t
of James Murdoch, the blowing up of the Staphouse family, and the murder of the Stendals all followed hard upon on
membrance back to London with me to-morrow." "Oh, you return to-morrow?" "That is my intention." "I hope your visit has cast some li
, I say! Alb. Well, you may fear too far. Gon. Safer than trust too far. Let me still take away the harms I fear, Not fear still to be taken. I know his heart. What h
rough the town to Frogmore. PAGE. [Aside] Sir Hugh is there, is he? HOST. [Aside] He is there. See what humour he is in; and I will bring the doctor about by the fields. Will it
ng speak? Master, shall I strike? PROTEUS. Who wouldst thou strike? LAUNCE. Nothing. PROTEUS. Villain, forbear. LAUNCE. Why, sir, I'll strike nothing. I pray 
at proud dame, the Lord Protector's wife. She sweeps it through the court with troops of ladies, More like an empress than Duke Humphrey's wife. Strangers in court do ta
 you build on such a quicksand? Their most trivial action may mean volumes, or their most extraordinary conduct may depend upon a hairpin or a curli
 SCENE IV. The DUKE'S palace Enter VALENTINE, and VIOLA in man's attire VALENTINE. If the Duke continue these favours towards you, Cesario, you are li
onour is as true In this appeal as thou art an unjust; And that thou art so, there I throw my gage, To prove it on thee to the extremest point Of mortal breathing. Seize it, if t
thful Lal Chowdar, who is now dead. Morstan and I had a difference of opinion as to the division of the treasure, and we came to heated words. Morstan had sprung out of his chair in a p
t a glance that the last two months had been very trying ones for him. He had grown thin and careworn, and had lost the loud, cheery manner for which he had been remarkable. "'The governor is dying,'
n, but the baronet is a man to whom the most direct way is always the most natural. He walked into the room, and as he did so
perceive, is a Dunlop, with a patch upon the outer cover. Heidegger's tyres were Palmer's, leaving longitudinal stripes. Aveling, the mathematical master, was sure upon the point.
ll let his humours blood. AGAMEMNON. [Aside] He will be the physician that should be the patient. AJAX. An all men were a my mind- ULYSSES. [Aside] Wit would be o
root That takes the reason prisoner? MACBETH. Your children shall be kings. BANQUO. You shall be King. MACBETH. And Thane of Cawdor too. Went it not so
etext93 [for new books] [now also in cd etext/etext93] or cd etext/articles [get suggest gut for more information] dir [to see files] get or mget [
r, And since you know you cannot see yourself So well as by reflection, I your glass Will modestly discover to yourself That of yourself which you yet know not of. And 
y town! DUKE SENIOR. O my dear niece, welcome thou art to me! Even daughter, welcome in no less degree. PHEBE. I will not eat my word, now thou art mine; Thy faith my fancy to thee doth co
ve the plaster head from the hall. It had been carried out and had been dashed savagely against the garden wall, under which its splintered fragments
e to their final haven. From the shores of the Mississippi to the western slopes of the Rocky Mountains they had struggled on with a constancy almost unparalleled in history. The savage ma
gs go well, Opinion, that so sticks on Marcius, shall Of his demerits rob Cominius. BRUTUS. Come. Half all Cominius' honours are to Marcius, Though Marcius earn'd them not; and all his faults To M
nnot be. Thou seest that all the grace that she hath left Is that she will not add to her damnation A sin of perjury: she not denies it. Why seek'st thou then to
verpower Mr. Sholto and hold him while you were climbing the rope?" "You seem to know as much about it as if you were there, s
ir censure of these rare reports. Enter MESSENGER and TALBOT. MESSENGER. Madam, according as your ladyship desir'd, By message crav'd, so is Lord Talbot come. COUNTESS. And he is welcome. What! 
. Come, I'll to my chamber. Would there had been some hurt done! SECOND LORD. [Aside] I wish not so; unless it had been the fall of an ass, which is no great hurt. CLOTEN. You'll go with us? 
thed and comforted her by such words as we could find. Did she know where her husband was? Was it possible that we could bring him back to her? It seems that it was. S
 than usual, remarking before he started that he had two important commissions to perform, and that he would bring his little boy home a box of b
ve heard I don't feel as if I could give the man up, so there is an end of it. All right, Barrymore, you can go." With a few broken words of gratitude the man turned, but he hesitated
, at your service, sir!' 'No, sir,' says question 'I, sweet sir, at yours.' And so, ere answer knows what question would, Saving in dialogue of compliment, 
easure- If you will presently take horse with him And with all speed post with him toward the north To shun the danger 
aker, waking at one in the morning, found that he was dressing. In reply to her inquiries, he said that he coul
ur lady mourn! SECOND SERVANT. O, this is it that makes your servants droop! LORD. Hence comes it that your kindred shuns 
t it, but it is essential that you should do it." "Then I will do it." "And as you value your life do not go 
r, with leather cords and gaiters. He lay upon his back, his knees drawn up, a terrible cut upon his head. He was i
rse, Chief nourisher in life's feast- LADY MACBETH. What do you mean? MACBETH. Still it cried, "Sleep no more!" to all the house; "Glamis hath murther'd sleep, and therefore Cawdor Shall sl
only the facts that we want. It is in your interest and everyone's interest that they should be cleared up. Did Mr. D
e stars give light To thy fair way! CAESAR. Farewell, farewell! [Kisses OCTAVIA] ANTONY. Farewell! Trumpets sound. Exeunt ACT_3|SC_3 SCENE III. Alexandria. CLEOPATRA'S palace Enter CLEOPATRA, 
rd, thou hast a fine forehead. PANDARUS. Ay, you may, you may. HELEN. Let thy song be love. This love will undo us al
 how say'st thou that my master is become a notable lover? LAUNCE. I never knew him otherwise. SPEED. Than how? LAUNCE. A notable lubber, as thou reportest him to be. SPEED. Why
em together, yours is as fair a name; Sound them, it doth become the mouth as well; Weigh them, it is as heavy; conjure with 'em, "Brutus" will start a spirit as soon as "Caesar." Now, in the nam
ne. [Leaps in after Laertes. Laer. The devil take thy soul! [Grapples with him]. Ham. Thou pray'st not well. I prithee take thy fingers fro
n. HORTENSIO. Madam, my instrument's in tune. BIANCA. Let's hear. O fie! the treble jars. LUCENTIO. Spit in the hole, man, and tune again. BIANCA. Now let me see if I can
hich I should describe roughly as being larger than a terrier and smaller than a mastiff." I laughed incredulously as Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his settee a
 strikes him down] HORNER. Hold, Peter, hold! I confess, I confess treason. [Dies] YORK. Take away his weapon. Fellow, thank God, and the good wine in thy master's way.
 Hilda. I know of your visit to Eduardo Lucas, of your giving him this document, of your ingenious return to the room last night, and of the manner in which you took t
: I have more charity; but say I warned ye. Take heed, for heaven's sake take heed, lest at once The burden of my sorrows fall upon y
em such as this?" "No; they are very few." "And a curve, too. Points, and a curve. By Jove! if it were only so." "Wh
bly in any future proceedings which may arise. "Witness: I must still refuse. "The Coroner: I understand that the cry of 'Cooee' was a common signal between you and your father? "Witness:
to utilise all the facts which have come to his knowledge; and this in itself implies, as you will readily see, a possession of all knowledge, which, even in
SERVANT. I hope I shall know your honour better. PANDARUS. I do desire it. SERVANT. You are in the state of grace. PANDARUS
n you before I go any further, Mr. Holmes. Effie loves me. Don't let there be any mistake about that. She loves me with her whole hear
already remarked to you, to this ventilator, and to the bell-rope which hung down to the bed. The discovery that this was a dummy, and that the bed was clamped 
an this. Look at it in this light. On what occasion would it be most probable that such a presentation would be made? When would his friends unite to give him a pledge of the
holy men I thought ye, Upon my soul, two reverend cardinal virtues; But cardinal sins and hollow hearts I fear y
e for that gird, good Tranio. HORTENSIO. Confess, confess; hath he not hit you here? PETRUCHIO. 'A has a little gall'd me, I confess; And, as the jest did
, and this, if common report says truly, you have neglected." "And how have I neglected it?" asked Ferrier, throwing out his hands in expostulation. "Have I not given to the common fund? Ha
d well your passion. 'Ay me!' says one. 'O Jove!' the other cries. One, her hairs were gold; crystal the other's eyes. [To LONGAVILLE] You would for paradise break faith and troth; [
 better 'twere that both of us did fast, Since, of ourselves, ourselves are choleric, Than feed it with suc
 others should tap it.' That was what the operator thought and what I thought at the time; but I think differently now." "By Gar! I believe you are right," said McGinty. "But what do you allow t
n said, sir, that Don John the Prince's brother was a villain. Dog. Write down Prince John a villain
e. CARLISLE. Marry, God forbid! Worst in this royal presence may I speak, Yet best beseeming me to speak the truth. Would God that any in this noble presence 
 and have been this twenty years. How many had I? Three--two and one are three--two of Dr. Barnicot's and one smashed in broad daylight on my own counter. Do I know that photograph? No,
or my folly past. What ho! Lucetta! Re-enter LUCETTA LUCETTA. What would your ladyship? JULIA. Is't near dinner time? LUCETTA. I would it were, That you migh
s dog-cart to the Copper Beeches. It is, as he said, beautifully situated, but it is not beautiful in itself, for it is a large square block of 
 But there is two hard things- that is, to bring the moonlight into a chamber; for, you know, Pyramus and Thisby meet by moonlight. SNOUT. Doth the
 why, they were no worse Than now they are. There be that can rule Naples As well as he that sleeps; lords that can prate As amply and unne
. Farewell therefore Hero! Enter Benedick [unmasked]. Bene. Count Claudio? Claud. Yea, the same. Bene. Come, will you go
to conclude, we have 'greed so well together That upon Sunday is the wedding-day. KATHERINA. I'll see thee hang'd on Sunday first. GREMIO. Hark, Petruchio; s
w enough if we know we are the King's subjects. If his cause be wrong, our obedience to the King wipes the crime of it out of us. WILLIAMS. But if the cause be not good, the King himself hath
going to do a little climbing. And dip my handkerchief into the creasote. That will do. Now come up into the garret with me for a moment." We clambered up through the hole. Holmes turned his light 
ould have been taken from nothing else. As it was done yesterday the strong probability was that we should find the words in yesterday's issue." "So far as I can fo
? Say, why is this? wherefore? What should we do? Ghost beckons Hamlet. Hor. It beckons you to go away with it, 
ve heard my name from our mutual friend, Mortimer. I am Stapleton, of Merripit House." "Your net and box would have told me as much," said I, "for I knew that Mr. Stapleton was a naturali
 proved, wit. By the Lord, this love is as mad as Ajax: it kills sheep; it kills me- I a sheep. Well proved again o' my side. I will not love; if I do, ha
n Finish the process of his sandy hour, These eyes that see thee now well coloured Shall see thee withered, bloody, pale, and dead. [Dru
Not sickness should detain me. [Flourish] Exeunt all but ENOBARBUS, AGRIPPA, MAECENAS MAECENAS. Welcome from Egypt, sir. ENOBARBUS. Half the heart of C
un To meet displeasure farther from the doors And grapple with him ere he come so nigh. KING JOHN. The legate of the Pope hath been with me, And I have made a happy peace with him; 
 sounds high-flown and absurd, but consider the facts! Why should a thief try to break in at a bedroom window, where there could be no hope of any plunder, and why should he come 
tonight. John. Come, let us to the banquet. Exeunt. Manet Claudio. Claud. Thus answer I in name of Benedick But hear these ill news with the ears of Claudio. [Unmasks.] 'Tis certain so. The Prince
t SCENE 4. England. Another part of the battlefield Enter SALISBURY, PEMBROKE, and BIGOT SALISBURY. I did not think the King so stor'd with friends. PEMBROKE. Up once again; 
ins. Things were not going very well with him. "I believe that you are a wizard, Mr. Holmes. I really do sometimes think that you have powers that are not 
s armchair and took his notebook from his pocket. "One of the most dangerous classes in the world," said he, "is the drifting and friendless woman. She is the most harmless 
traight from the Yard to ask you to your face what you had against me." "I have nothing in the world against you, my good man," said Ho
e, prove ominous to the day. HECTOR. No more, I say. Enter CASSANDRA CASSANDRA. Where is my brother Hector? ANDROMACHE. Here, sister
mpany. The two women told their story clearly enough. They had been aroused from their sleep by the sound of an explosion, which had been followed a minute later by a second one. They slep
on't know--may be anything. But I suspect it is the sequel of the story of the statues. In that case ou
BEROWNE. Let me say no, my liege, an if you please: I only swore to study with your Grace, And stay here in your court for three years' space. LONGAVILLE. You swore to that, Berowne,
to brave him, when he takes thee hence. 13 O that you were your self, but love you are No longer yours, than you your self here live, Against this
R. Such proclamation hath been made, my Lord. Enter another MESSENGER FOURTH MESSENGER. Sir Thomas Lovel and Lord Marquis Dorset, 'Tis said, my 
 by the leave of my good lord the King, We'll be before our welcome. WIDOW. Gentle madam, You never had a servant to whose trust Your business was more welcome. HELENA. Nor
with them above a common bound. Rom. I am too sore enpierced with his shaft To soar with his light feathers; and so bound I cannot bound a pitch above dull woe. Under love's heavy b
eyes That shapes this monstrous apparition. It comes upon me. Art thou anything? Art thou some god, some angel, or some devil That makest my blood cold and my hair to stare? Speak to me what tho
ssible course, and this is the best." While this conversation had been proceeding, we had been shooting the long series of bridges which span the Tham
y thee let me in. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. [Within] Ay, when fowls have no feathers and fish have no fin. ANTI
ule a while Yet heav'ns are just, and time suppresseth wrongs. WARWICK. Injurious Margaret! PRINCE OF WALES. And why not Queen? WARWICK. Because thy father Henry did usurp; And 
rom you, noted well your passion. 'Ay me!' says one. 'O Jove!' the other cries. One, her hairs were gold; crystal the other's eyes. [To 
 We'll to church to-morrow. Exeunt Juliet and Nurse. Mother. We shall be short in our provision. 'Tis now near night. Cap. Tush, I will stir about, And all things shall be well, I warrant thee, wife
other's greeting. You brace of warlike brothers, welcome hither. HECTOR. Who must we answer? AENEAS. The noble Menelaus. HECTOR. O you, my lord? By Mars his gauntlet, thanks! 
ss restitution, so he might Be call'd your vanquisher. CORIOLANUS. At Antium lives he? LARTIUS. At Ant
re his very words. EXTON. 'Have I no friend?' quoth he. He spake it twice And urg'd it twice together, did he not? SERVANT. He did. EXTON. And, speaking it
ssed out during the last hour." The inspector laughed. "I saw the wheel-tracks in the light of the gate-lamp, but where does the luggage come in?" "You may have observed the same wheel-tr
e great must die. Exeunt Enter MENELAUS and PARIS, fighting; then THERSITES THERSITES. The cuckold and the cuckold-maker are at it. Now, bull! now, d
 back what I have left behind 'Stroy'd in dishonour. CLEOPATRA. O my lord, my lord, Forgive my fearful sails! I 
ack and portentous must this humour prove Unless good counsel may the cause remove. Ben. My noble uncle, do you know the cause? Mon. I neither know 
wn trumpet, his own chronicle; and whatever praises itself but in the deed devours the deed in the pra
ain near where poor Heidegger met his death." "Exactly. Well, now, Watson, how many cows did you see on the moor?" "I don't remember seeing any." "Strange, Watson, that we should see tracks all alo
hat shot so trim When King Cophetua lov'd the beggar maid! He heareth not, he stirreth not, be moveth not; The ape is dead, and I mu
shall be our messenger to this paltry knight. MRS. FORD. [Aside to MRS. PAGE] Trust me, I thought on her; she'll fit it. MRS. PAGE. You are come to see my d
e an end. But what say you to Thursday? Par. My lord, I would that Thursday were to-morrow. Cap. Well, get you gone. A Thursday be it then. Go you to Juliet ere you go to bed; Prepare her, wife
 not thy sour leisure gave sweet leave, To entertain the time with thoughts of love, Which time and thoughts so sweetly doth deceive
formers of this heinous bloody deed? TITUS. Magni Dominator poli, Tam lentus audis scelera? tam lentus vides? MARCUS. O, calm thee, gentle lord! although I know There is enough written upon this
nters beard. Enter divers SPIRITS, in shape of dogs and hounds, bunting them about; PROSPERO and ARIEL setting them on PROSPERO. Hey, Mountain, hey! ARIEL. Silver! there it goes, Silver! PROSP
d he so? DESDEMONA. I do not know; I am sure I am none such. IAGO. Do not weep, do not weep. Alas the day! EMILIA. Hath she forsook so many noble matches, Her father 
NZO. 'Tis now but four o'clock; we have two hours To furnish us. Enter LAUNCELOT, With a letter Friend Launcelot, what's the news? LAUNCELOT. An it shall please you to break up this, it shall se
ick, with the men of Bury, Set all upon me, mighty sovereign. Re-enter SALISBURY SALISBURY. [To the Commons within] Sirs, s
e day before these happenings I was over in Tunbridge Wells, and I got a glimpse of a man in the street. It was only a glimpse; but I have a quick eye for these things, and I n
n; and that I am he, Let me a little show it, even in this; That I was constant Cimber should be banish'd, And constant do remain to keep him s
ay, who died the other day, was sergeant in the same company as myself, and the belle of the regiment, ay, and the finest girl that ever had the breath of life between her lips, was Nancy Dev
. We had arranged no plan of campaign, but the baronet is a man to whom the most direct way is always the most natural. He walked into the room, and as he did so Barrymore sprang
, But they did say their prayers and address'd them Again to sleep. LADY MACBETH. There are two lodged together. MACBETH. One cried, "God bless us!" and "Amen" the other, As t
ed them all aside and lay listless, watching the huge crest and monogram upon the envelope upon the table and wondering lazily who my friend's noble cor
ortcake upon Allhallowmas last, a fortnight afore Michaelmas? SHALLOW. Come, coz; come, coz; we stay for you. A word with you, coz; marry, this, coz: there 
Shall find thee full of labours. Horns within. Enter Lear, [Knights,] and Attendants. Lear. Let me not stay a jot for dinner; go get it ready. [Exit an Attendant.] How now? What art thou? Kent. A m
a, the singular experience of Miss Mary Sutherland, the problem connected with the man with the twisted lip, and the incident of the noble bachelor, were all matters which ar
ad's declin'd, and death will seize her but Your comfort makes the rescue. ANTONY. I have offended reputation- A most unnoble swerving. EROS. Sir, the Queen. ANTONY. O, whither hast thou led me, Eg
 Cordelia, with Followers. Lear. Attend the lords of France and Burgundy, Gloucester. Glou. I shall, my liege. Exeunt [Gloucester 
f leek. FLUELLEN. I peseech you heartily, scurvy, lousy knave, at my desires, and my requests, and my petitions, to eat, look you, this leek; bec
oracles as well And set me up in hope? But hush, no more. Sennet sounds. Enter Macbeth as King, Lady Macbeth a
t in mine ear, As ending anthem of my endless dolour. PROTEUS. Cease to lament for that thou canst not help, And study help for that which thou lament'st. Time 
ME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE I. The plains of Philippi. Enter Octavius, Antony, and their Army. OCTAVIUS. Now, Antony, our hopes are answered. You said the enemy would not come 
ncle to the King RICHARD PLANTAGENET, DUKE OF YORK EDWARD and RICHARD, his sons DUKE OF SOMERSET DUKE OF SUFFOLK DUKE OF BUCKING
oom and what does she do? She goes over to the writing-table. What for? Not for anything in the drawers. If there had been anything worth her taking it would surely have been locked 
ams again. I will therefore tarry in despite of the flesh and the blood. Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. Your honour's players, hearing your amendment, Are come to play a pleasant come
 But in any case it does not seem to be a nice household for a young lady." "But the money, Mr. Holmes, the money!" "
CHARD PLANTAGENET, son of Richard late Earl of Cambridge, afterwards DUKE OF YORK EARL OF WARWICK EARL OF SALISBURY EARL OF SUFFOLK LORD TALBOT,
asure trove and flying wildly up the winding stair, with her ears ringing perhaps with the muffled screams from behind her and with the drumming of frenzied hands against the slab of stone whic
wish some ravenous wolf had eaten thee. Dost thou deny thy father, cursed drab? O, burn her, burn her! Hanging is too good. Exit YORK. Take her away; f
is almost impossible that it could have been self-inflicted." "Unless he fell upon the knife," said Holmes. "Exactly. The idea crossed my mind. But we found the knife some feet away fro
tstrip death, go cross the seas, And live with Richmond, from the reach of hell. Go, hie thee, hie thee from this slaughter-house, Lest thou increase the numbe
ier? CLOWN. Ay, of my pigeons, sir; nothing else. TITUS. Why, didst thou not come from heaven? CLOWN. From heaven! Alas, sir, I never came there. God 
ng governed, as the sea is, by the moon. As, for proof now: a purse of gold most resolutely snatch'd on Monday night and most dissolutely spent on Tuesday morn
ll: For certain she is dead, and by strange manner. BRUTUS. Why, farewell, Portia. We must die, Messala. With meditating that she must die once I have the patience to endure it now. MESSALA. E
r DUKE, CURIO, and ATTENDANTS VIOLA. I thank you. Here comes the Count. DUKE. Who saw Cesario, ho? VIOLA. On your attendance, my lord, here. DUKE. Stand you awhile aloof. Cesario, Thou know'st no les
the rest of that strange company. The two women told their story clearly enough. They had been aroused from their sleep by the sound of an explosion, which had been followed a minu
 doth Nature store, To show false Art what beauty was of yore. 69 Those parts of thee that the world's eye doth view, Want nothing that the thought of hearts 
 plot, contrive, or complot any ill, 'Gainst us, our state, our subjects, or our land. BOLINGBROKE. I swear. MOWBRAY. And I, to keep all this. BOLINGBR
use they thickened into a continuous hedge. On the other side of this hedge, concealed from the eyes of anyone approaching from the direction of the house, there was a st
h the seas Which He hath giv'n for fence impregnable, And with their helps only defend ourselves. In them and in ourselves our safety lies. CLA
ble vessel full of grief, That it runs over even at his eyes. BRUTUS. Come hither, good Volumnius, list a word. VOLUMNIUS. What says my lord? BRUTUS. Why, this, Volumnius: The ghost of Caesar h
ployer, found him in the same dismantled kind of room, and was told to keep at it until Wednesday, and then come again. On Wednesday it was still unfinished, so I ham
well I greet thee well. YORK. Humphrey of Buckingham, I accept thy greeting. Art thou a messenger, or come of pleasure? BUCKINGHAM. A messenger from Henry, our dread liege, To know the reason of
 it on lion, bear, or wolf, or bull, On meddling monkey, or on busy ape, She shall pursue it with the soul of love. And ere I take this charm from off her sight, As I can take it with another he
int Jamy, I hold you a penny, A horse and a man Is more than one, And yet not many. Enter PETRUCHIO and GRUMIO PETRUCHIO. Come, where be t
t I was a cave-keeper, And cook to honest creatures. But 'tis not so; 'Twas but a bolt of nothing, shot at nothing, Which the brain makes of fumes. Our
is not an invention. We have his description, his valise, his bicycle. The fellow must be somewhere. Why should we not get him?" "Yes, yes, no doubt he is somewhere, and no d
y way. You are both sure, and will assist me? Con. To the death, my lord. John. Let us to the great supper. Their cheer is the greater that I am subdued. Would the cook were o' my m
u reportest him to be. SPEED. Why, thou whoreson ass, thou mistak'st me. LAUNCE. Why, fool, I meant not thee, I meant thy master. SPEED. I tell thee my mas
 Carruthers. "Well, well, two of you came over. His reverence is our own home-made article. You had known Ralph Smith in South Africa. You had reason 
nd. If that come short, Our substitutes at home shall have blank charters; Whereto, when they shall know what men are rich, They shall subscr
s a coil with protestation! [Tears the letter] Go, get you gone; and let the papers lie. You would be fing'ring them, to anger me. LUCETTA. She makes it strange; but she would be best pleas'd To be 
ssed at Lord Backwater's place, near Petersfield. Those are all the notices which appeared before the disappearance of the bride." "Before the what?" asked Holmes with a start. "The vanishing
cousin of his here, and I dare say he could tell you where he is." "No, no," cried Holmes, "not a word to the cousin--not a word, I beg you. The matter is very important, and the fa
ere as we do speak about? Or have we eaten on the insane root That takes the reason prisoner? MACBETH. Your children shall be kings. BANQUO. You shall be King. MACBETH. And Thane of Cawdor to
 for a husband!' Pedro. Lady Beatrice, I will get you one. Beat. I would rather have one of your father's getting. Hath your Grace ne'er a brother like you? Your father got excellent husbands,
e to do't, And they have earn'd the waste. Poor Antony! Exeunt ACT_4|SC_2 SCENE II. Alexandria. CLEOPATRA's palace Enter ANTONY, CLEOPATRA, ENOBARBUS, CHARMIAN, IRAS, AL
aches to the port of Rome; Equality of two domestic powers Breed scrupulous faction; the hated, grown to strength, Are newly grown to love. T
ome out." "You may safely trust us." "The letter, then, is from a certain foreign potentate who has been ruffled by some recent Colonial developments of this country. It has been writte
the dying man, and it was all that I could do to hold myself quiet in my hiding-place. "You must hear me. You shall hear me. Do you remember a box--an ivory box? It came on Wednesday. You opened it
rtes with others. Laer. Where is this king?- Sirs, staid you all without. All. No, let's come in! Laer. I pray you give me leave. All. We will, we will! Laer. I thank 
esty? How fares your Grace? KING. Why did you leave me here alone, my lords? CLARENCE. We left the Prince my brother here, my liege, Who undertook to sit and watch by you. KING. The Prince of 
e the doctor too. How ended she? CORNELIUS. With horror, madly dying, like her life; Which, being cruel to the world, concluded Most cruel to hers
wards We may digest our complots in some form. Exeunt SCENE 2. Before LORD HASTING'S house Enter a MESSENGER to the door of HASTINGS MESSENGER. My lord, 
r quite a long time craning out of the bog-hole, but it sucked him down at last. Even in dry seasons it is a danger to cross it, but after these autumn rains it is an awful place. And yet 
 and heir, Young Adam Cupid, he that shot so trim When King Cophetua lov'd the beggar maid! He heareth not, he stirreth not, be moveth not; The ape is dead, and I must conjure h
so humbled That he hath left part of his grief with me To suffer with him. Good love, call him back. OTHELLO. Not now, sweet Desdemona; some other time. DESDEMONA. But shall't be shortly? OTHELLO. Th
PROCULEIUS. You do extend These thoughts of horror further than you shall Find cause in Caesar. Enter DOLABELLA DOLABELLA. Proculeius, What thou 
alls out That what we have we prize not to the worth Whiles we enjoy it, but being lack'd and lost, Why, then we rack the value, then we find The virtue that possession would not show us Whi
think, Watson," he remarked at last, "that of all our cases we have had none more fantastic than this." "Save, perhaps, the Sign of Four." "Well, yes. Save, perh
aldwin." "And who the devil is he?" "He is a boss of Scowrers." "Scowrers! I've heard of them before. It's Scowrers here and Scowrers t
standing, man, I'll do you your master what good I can; and the very yea and the no is, the French doctor, my master-I may call him my master, look you, for I keep his house; and I wash, wring, brew,
 Cornwall; next, Goneril, Regan, Cordelia, with Followers. Lear. Attend the lords of France and Burgundy, Gloucester. Glou. I shall, my liege. Exeunt [Gloucester and Edmun
eak off. Ten thousand harms, more than the ills I know, My idleness doth hatch. How now, Enobarbus! Re-enter ENOBARBUS ENOBARBUS. What's your pleasure, sir? ANTO
also I saw my chance to throw these hounds once for all off my track. Mind you, from first to last I have done nothing to be ashamed of, and nothing that I would not do again; but you'll judge th
 dotard; to the gaol with him! VINCENTIO. Thus strangers may be hal'd and abus'd. O monstrous villain! Re-enter BIONDELLO, with LUCENTIO and BIANCA BIONDELLO
he attempt was a dangerous one, and if Garcia did not return by a certain hour it was probable that his own life had been sacrificed. It had been arranged, therefore, that in such a c
 But, alas, Caesar must bleed for it! And, gentle friends, Let's kill him boldly, but not wrathfully; Let's carve him as a dish fit for the gods, Not hew him as a carcass fit for h
By this time, had the King permitted us, One of our souls had wand'red in the air, Banish'd this frail sepulchre of our flesh, As now our flesh is banish'd from this land- Confess thy tre
ld have thus little mercy on their flesh? Judicious punishment! 'Twas this flesh begot Those pelican daughters. Edg. Pillicock sat on Pillicock's Hi
et a coward is worse than a cup of sack with lime in it- a villanous coward! Go thy ways, old Jack, die when thou wilt; if manhood, good manhood, be not forgot upon the face o
poor name Banish'd the kingdom! Patience, is that letter I caus'd you write yet sent away? PATIENCE. No, madam. [Giving it to KATHARINE] KATHARINE. Sir, I most humbly pray you to deliver Th
 master of the cross-bows, Lord Rambures; Great Master of France, the brave Sir Guichard Dolphin; John Duke of Alencon; Antony Duke of Brabant, The brother to the Duke of Burgundy; And Edward Duk
e, Died with their swords in hand; for which their father, Then old and fond of issue, took such sorrow That he quit being; and his gentle lady, Big of this gentleman, our theme, dece
BITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE 1. England. KING JOHN'S palace Enter KING JOHN, PANDULPH, and attendants K
nother herb, I'll make her render up her page to me. But who comes here? I am invisible; And I will overhear their conference. Enter DEMETRIUS, HELENA following him DEMETRIUS. I love thee not, theref
IAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. SCENE I. Windsor. A street Enter MISTRESS PAGE, MISTRESS QUICKLY, and WILLIAM 
us, in Corioli? You lords and heads o' th' state, perfidiously He has betray'd your business and given up, For certain drops of salt, your city Rome- I say your city- to his wife and mother; 
 them be clear'd: Fortune brings in some boats that are not steer'd. Exit SCENE IV. Wales. Before the cave of BELARIUS Enter BELARIUS, GUIDERIUS, and ARVIRAGUS GUIDERIUS. The noise i
s are as keen As is the razor's edge invisible, Cutting a smaller hair than may be seen, Above the sense of sense; so sensible Seemeth their conference; their conceits have wings, Fleeter than ar
 your father charg'd me at our parting: 'Be serviceable to my son' quoth he, Although I think 'twas in another sense- I am content to be Lucentio, Because so well I love Lucentio
ain with peaceful words? Mort Dieu! YORK. For Suffolk's duke, may he be suffocate, That dims the honour of this warlike isle! France should have torn and rent my very heart Before I would have yielde
S house at Belmont ACT I. SCENE I. Venice. A street Enter ANTONIO, SALERIO, and SOLANIO ANTONIO. In sooth, I know not why I am so sad. It wearies me; you say it wearies yo
 voice that for the instant I forgot all about her levity and was moved only to do her will. "Mr. Holmes is an independent investigator," I said. "He is his own master, and would act as his own 
So bear I thee upon my manly shoulders; But then Aeneas bare a living load, Nothing so heavy as these woes of mine. Exit with the body Enter RICHARD and SOMERSET to fight. SOMERSET is killed RI
ll me that. PORTIA. The quality of mercy is not strain'd; It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven Upon the place beneath. It is twice blest: It blesseth him that gives and him that takes. 
 HERMIONE. As merry as you will. MAMILLIUS. A sad tale's best for winter. I have one Of sprites and goblins. HERMIONE. Let's have that, good sir. Come on, sit down; come on, and do your 
 hast thou Perform'd, my Ariel; a grace it had, devouring. Of my instruction hast thou nothing bated In what thou hadst to say; so, with good life And observation strange,
 they had just set off for Copenhagen. At the Danish capital he was again a few days late, for they had journeyed on to London, where he at last succeeded in running them to earth. As to what o
. ANTONY. How now, lady! CLEOPATRA. I would I had thy inches. Thou shouldst know There were a heart in Egypt. ANTONY. Hear me, queen: The strong n
IEF JUSTICE. Not a penny, not a penny; you are too impatient to bear crosses. Fare you well. Commend me to my cousin Westmoreland. Exeunt CHIEF JUSTICE and SERVANT FALSTAFF. If I do, fi
RST WATCH. Come, my captain knows you not. MENENIUS. I mean thy general. FIRST WATCH. My general cares not for you. Back, I say; go, lest I let forth your half pint of 
er that they were six years looking for it. No wonder that the grounds look like a gravel-pit." At that moment the door of the house burst open, and Thaddeus Sholto came running 
friends o' yours, and yet no friends o' the master's. He pays me well to do my duty, and my duty I'll do. I don't know none o' your friends." "Oh, yes you do, McMurdo," c
here is no love-broker in the world can more prevail in man's commendation with woman than report of valour. FABIAN. There is no way but this, Sir Andrew. AGUECHEEK. Will either of you 
than thou trowest, Set less than thou throwest; Leave thy drink and thy whore, And keep in-a-door, And thou shalt have more Than two tens to a score. Kent. This is noth
s Armitage--Percy Armitage--the second son of Mr. Armitage, of Crane Water, near Reading. My stepfather has offered no opposition to the 
l come over it; for in most comely truth thou deservest it. Marg. To have no man come over me? Why, shall I always keep below stairs? Bene. Thy wit is as quick as the greyhoun
f the examiners. My subject is Greek, and the first of the papers consists of a large passage of Greek translation which the candidate has not seen. This passage is printed on the examination pap
, thou liest; thou liest, wicket varlet; the time is yet to come that she was ever respected with man, woman, or child. POMPEY. Sir, she was respect
s. Barrymore's hands, and she promised to deliver it at once." "Did you see Mr. Barrymore?" "No, sir; I tell you he was in the loft." "If 
Rogue, rogue, rogue! I am sick of this false world, and will love nought But even the mere necessities upon't. Then, Timon, presently p
ot the causer of the timeless deaths Of these Plantagenets, Henry and Edward, As blameful as the executioner? ANNE. Thou wast the cause and most accurs
No, Francis; but to-morrow, Francis; or, Francis, a Thursday; or indeed, Francis, when thou wilt. But Francis- Fran. My lord
and down the room to stretch my legs. My coffee had not yet come, and I wondered what was the cause of the delay could be. Opening the door, I started down the corridor to find out. There
end. On the one hand, the traitor is dead. On the other, the plans of the Bruce-Partington submarine are presumably already on the Continent. What is t
orn into one mutual sheaf, These broken limbs again into one body; Lest Rome herself be bane unto herself, And she whom mighty kingdoms curtsy to, Like a 
. "The goose, Mr. Holmes! The goose, sir!" he gasped. "Eh? What of it, then? Has it returned to life and flapped off th
f me; For she being fear'd of all, now fearing one; For she commanding all, obey'd of none. Thus hath the course of justice whir
iefly. CINNA. Briefly, I dwell by the Capitol. THIRD CITIZEN. Your name, sir, truly. CINNA. Truly, my name is Cinna. FIRST CITIZEN. Tear him to pi
ank- ROSALIND. Thou losest thy old smell. LE BEAU. You amaze me, ladies. I would have told you of good wrestling, which you have lost the sight of. ROSALIND. Yet tell us the manner o
peak. SHALLOW. He hath wrong'd me, Master Page. PAGE. Sir, he doth in some sort confess it. SHALLOW. If it be confessed, it is not redressed; is not that so, Mas
" "Hardly that, Doctor, hardly that," said Holmes, in his blandest voice. "This northern air is invigorating and p
bond. BASSANIO. Be assur'd you may. SHYLOCK. I will be assur'd I may; and, that I may be assured, I will bethink me. May I speak with Antonio? BASSANIO. If it please you to dine with us. SHYLOCK
 best play with Mardian. CLEOPATRA. As well a woman with an eunuch play'd As with a woman. Come, you'll play with me, sir? MARDIAN. As 
 make the fault the worse by th' excuse, As patches set upon a little breach Discredit more in hiding of the fault Than did the fault before it was so patch'd. SALISBURY. To this effect, before 
sworn! BEROWNE. Why, he comes in like a perjure, wearing papers. KING. In love, I hope; sweet fellowship in shame! BEROWNE. One drunkard loves anothe
SECOND SERVANT. An he had been cannibally given, he might have broil'd and eaten him too. FIRST SERVANT. But more of thy news! THIRD SERVANT. Why, he is so made on here within as if he were son and
to the other room, but it was equally deserted. Then I rushed up the stairs, only to find two other rooms empty and deserted at the top. There was no one at
d then the Prince, my brother, and the Princess, my sister, call'd my father father. And so we wept; and there was the first g
cience, I should stay with the Jew my master, who- God bless the mark!- is a kind of devil; and, to run away from the Jew, I should be ruled by the fiend, who- saving your reverence!- is the devil
ieve't. DESDEMONA. How now, my dear Othello! Your dinner, and the generous islanders By you invited, do attend your presence. OTHELLO. I am to blame. DESDEMONA
be good humours. Your honour wins bad humours. Exeunt all but BOY BOY. As young as I am, I have observ'd t
l go! If you will bless me, sir, and give me leave, I'll take the better care; but if you will not, The hazard therefore due fall on me by The hands of Romans! ARVIRA
you feel the loss, but not the friend Which you weep for. Jul. Feeling so the loss, I cannot choose but ever weep the friend. Lady. Well, girl, thou weep'st not so much for his death As t
 in; And two such shores to two such streams made one, Two such controlling bounds, shall you be, Kings, To these two princes, if you m
TRA. Nay, I'll help too. What's this for? ANTONY. Ah, let be, let be! Thou art The armourer of my heart. False, false; this, this. CLEOPATRA. Sooth, la, I'll help.
w ground. AUMERLE. Is Bushy, Green, and the Earl of Wiltshire dead? SCROOP. Ay, all of them at Bristow lost their heads. AUMERLE. Where is the Duke my father
d is out. COSTARD. Indeed, 'a must shoot nearer, or he'll ne'er hit the clout. BOYET. An if my hand be out, then belike your hand is in. COSTARD. Then will she get the upshoot by cleavin
, wildcats in your kitchens, Saints in your injuries, devils being offended, Players in your housewifery, a
 this man Bannister know?" "No, certainly not. No one knew." "Where is Bannister now?" "He was very ill, poor fellow. I left him collapsed in the chair. I was in such
it. SECOND CITIZEN. Poor soul, his eyes are red as fire with weeping. THIRD CITIZEN. There's not a nobler man in
tate. That I distrust you. Yet, though I distrust, Discomfort you, my lord, it nothing must; For women's fear and love holds quantity, In neither aught, or in extremity. Now what my love is, proo
 know that I met her when she was a passenger and I was first officer of the Rock of Gibraltar. From the first day I met her she was the only woman to me. Every day of 
y, and the differences are equally obvious. There is as much difference to my eyes between the leaded bourgeois type of a Times article and the slovenly print of an
, And hear thou there how many fruitless pranks This ruffian hath botch'd up, that thou thereby Mayst smile at this. Thou shalt not choose but go; Do not deny. Beshrew his soul for me! He started one
drave them. ANTONY. Well, what worst? MESSENGER. The nature of bad news infects the teller. ANTONY. When it concerns the fool or coward. On! Things that are past are done with me. 'Tis thus: Wh
t the door. The door opened. There was a sharp snick as the electric light was turned on. The door closed once more, and the pungent re
 him that I care not, And let him take't at worst; for their knives care not, While you have throats to answer. For myself, There's n
ds it break. MACDUFF. My children too? ROSS. Wife, children, servants, all That could be found. MACDUFF. And I must 
 Lord Paris? SERVANT. Ay, sir, when he goes before me. PANDARUS. You depend upon him, I mean? SERVANT. Sir, I
pect. SECOND CITIZEN. Truly, the hearts of men are fun of fear. You cannot reason almost with a man That looks not heavily and fun of dread. THIRD CITIZEN. Before the days o
ng, the making of the cake, the heating of the oven, and the baking; nay, you must stay the cooling too, or you may chance to burn your lips. TROILUS. Patience herself, what goddess e'er she be
 to maintain the King, the realm, and you? Large gifts have I bestow'd on learned clerks, Because my book preferr'd me to the King, And s
s hanged and the other three got fifteen years apiece. When they got out the other day, which was some years before their full term, they set themselve
n exactly as they were uttered. "It don't much matter to you why I hated these men," he said; "it's enough that they were guilty of the death of two human beings--a father and a
nd in truth, you shall take it; or I have another leek in my pocket which you shall eat. PISTOL. I take thy groat in e
, that did I. BEROWNE. Sweet lord, and why? LONGAVILLE. To fright them hence with that dread penalty. BEROWNE. A dangerous law against gentility. [Reads] 'Item. If any man be seen to talk 
with you than bear you; yet I should bear no cross if I did bear you; for I think you have no money in your purse. ROSALIND. Well,. this is the Forest of Arden. TOUCHSTONE. Ay, now am I in Arden; t
s abyss, from which the spray rolls up like the smoke from a burning house. The shaft into which the river hurls its
t? BRUTUS. No. CASSIUS. What, durst not tempt him? BRUTUS. For your life you durst not. CASSIUS. Do not presume too much upon my love; I may do
 field to-day? AENEAS. That Paris is returned home, and hurt. TROILUS. By whom, Aeneas? AENEAS. Troilus, by Menelaus. TROILUS. 
ay you? SECOND CITIZEN. You shall ha' it, worthy sir. CORIOLANUS. A match, sir. There's in all two worthy voices begg'd. I have your alms. Adieu. THIRD CITIZEN. But this is something odd. SEC
ome laborious researches in early English charters--researches which led to results so striking that they may be the subject of one o
e did not? Host. There's neither faith, truth, nor womanhood in me else. Fal. There's no more faith in thee than in a stewed pru
be not cherish'd. ANTONY. Make me not offended In your distrust. CAESAR. I have said. ANTONY. You shall not find, Though you be therein curious, the least cause For wha
ady come to Rome. ANTONY. Where is he? SERVANT. He and Lepidus are at Caesar's house. ANTONY. And thither will I straight 
o doubt in my mind that this Pietro who was murdered two nights ago was the brother. I have been looking up the dates in the old files of the paper, and I find that the di
e and Peto.] Enter Sheriff and the Carrier. Now, Master Sheriff, what is your will with me? Sher. First, pardon me, my lord. A hue and cry Hath followed certain men unto th
es, and Soldiers. MALCOLM. I would the friends we miss were safe arrived. SIWARD. Some must go off, and yet, by these I see, So great a day as this is cheaply bought. MALCOLM. Macduff is
ded men. That was grotesque enough in the outset, and yet it ended in a desperate attempt at robbery. Or, again, there was that most grotesque affair of the five orange pi
ot yet." "But you have hopes?" "I have hopes." "Then, come. I am all impatience to be gone." "We must ha
 HUBERT, severally HUBERT. Who's there? Speak, ho! speak quickly, or I shoot. BASTARD. A friend. What art thou? HUBERT. Of the part of England. BASTARD. Whither dost thou go? HUBERT. What's that t
, for fame's sake, for praise, an outward part, We bend to that the working of the heart; As I for praise alone now seek to spill The poor deer's blood that my heart means no ill. BOYET. Do not cur
t thy vow First made to heaven, first be to heaven perform'd, That is, to be the champion of our Church. What since thou swor'st is 
 defeat. Therefore to France, my liege. Divide your happy England into four; Whereof take you one quarter into France, And you withal shall make all Gallia shake. If we, with thrice such powers left
head. Enter DIOMEDES DIOMEDES. Troilus, I say! Where's Troilus? AJAX. What wouldst thou? DIOMEDES. I would c
te, I rejoice at it; as he was valiant, I honor him; but as he was ambitious, I slew him. There is tears fo
 no bottom; and I will sing it in the latter end of a play, before the Duke. Peradventure, to make it the more gracious, I shall sing it at her death. Exit SCENE II. Athens. QUI
withdraw it. "Because I love you, Mary, as truly as ever a man loved a woman. Because this treasure, these riches, sealed my lips. Now that they are gone I can tell you how I love you. That is why I
hy daughter prisoner! REIGNIER. To whom? SUFFOLK. To me. REIGNIER. Suffolk, what remedy? I am a soldier and unapt to weep Or t
tand for a villain in thine own work? Wilt thou whip thine own faults in other men? Do so, I have gold for thee. POET. Nay, let's seek him; Then do we sin against o
 What, will my daughter prove a good musician? HORTENSIO. I think she'll sooner prove a soldier: Iron may hold with her, but never lutes. BAPTISTA. Why, then tho
all'st thou my love 'hobby-horse'? MOTH. No, master; the hobby-horse is but a colt, and your love perha
 then, once in my days I'll be a madcap. Fal. Why, that's well said. Prince. Well, come what will, I'll tarry at home. Fal. By the Lord, I'll be a traitor
 none of you. SHALLOW. Sir John, Sir John, do not yourself wrong. They are your likeliest men, and I would have you
 night To find you out. BASTARD. Brief, then; and what's the news? HUBERT. O, my sweet sir, news fitting to the night, Black, fearful, comfortless, and horrible. BASTARD. Show me the very wound of th
says Silvia to my suit? PROTEUS. O, sir, I find her milder than she was; And yet she takes exceptions at your person. THURIO. What, that my leg is too long? PROTEUS. No; that it i
HARD, in pomp, as KING; BUCKINGHAM, CATESBY, RATCLIFF, LOVEL, a PAGE, and others KING RICHARD. Stand all apart. Cousin of Buckingham! BUCKINGHAM. My gracious sovereign? K
AESAR and OCTAVIA Enter SOOTHSAYER ANTONY. Now, sirrah, you do wish yourself in Egypt? SOOTHSAYER. W
s should be established under the very shadow of the sacred folds of the starry Flag of Freedom which would raise horror in our minds if we read of it as existing under the most effete monarchy of 
Even to the next willow, about your own business, County. What fashion will you wear the garland of? about your
'Tis not an hour since I left them there. MARTIUS. We know not where you left them all alive; But, out alas! here have we found him dead. Re-enter TAMORA, with attendants; TITUS ANDRONICUS and Luciu
 strike a lady to prevent her screaming, since one would imagine that was the sure way to make her scream; it is unusual for them to commit murder when their numbers are sufficient to overpower o
discourse You told not how Henry the Sixth hath lost All that which Henry the Fifth had gotten? Methinks these peers of France s
ke fringe upon a petticoat. ORLANDO. Are you native of this place? ROSALIND. As the coney that you see dwell where she is kindled. ORLANDO. Your accent is something finer than you could pu
nd, sir, his wife is a more respected person than any of us all. ELBOW. Varlet, thou liest; thou liest, wicket varlet; the time is yet to come that she was ever respected wit
ive letters. It might be 'sever,' or 'lever,' or 'never.' There can be no question that the latter as a reply 
ys Lord Warwick? Shall we after them? WARWICK. After them? Nay, before them, if we can. Now, by my faith, lords, 't
d me thus! CRESSIDA. Wish'd, my lord! The gods grant-O my lord! TROILUS. What should they grant? What makes this pretty abruption? What too curious dreg espies my sweet
ARUS. Know you the musicians? SERVANT. Wholly, sir. PANDARUS. Who play they to? SERVANT. To the hearers, s
irator against Caesar TREBONIUS, " " " CAIUS LIGARIUS, " " " DECIUS BRUTUS, " " " METELLUS CIMBER, " " " CINNA, " " " CALPURNIA, wife 
hat shall salute our rightful sovereign With honour of his birthright to the crown. BOTH. Long live our sovereign Richard, Engl
 not; I will make it good how you dare, with what you dare, and when you dare. Do me right, or I will protest your cowardice. You have kill'd a sweet lady, and her death shall fall 
e, enter, and lay hold on him. ABBESS. No, not a creature enters in my house. ADRIANA. Then let your servants bring my husband forth. ABBESS. Ne
CHARMIAN. My arm is sore; best play with Mardian. CLEOPATRA. As well a woman with an eunuch play'd As with a woman. Come, you'll play with me, sir? MARDIAN. As well as I 
and it is like a coal of fire, sometimes plue and sometimes red; but his nose is executed and his fire's out. KING HENRY. We would have all such offenders so cut off. And we g
his sudden disappearance, when there was a step upon the stairs, and there was the heavy, stern, questioning face of Dr. Armstrong at the door. "So, gentlemen," said he, "y
ched dog is none the worse. Ah, I have it! I have it!" With a perfect shriek of delight he rushed to the box, cut the other pill in two, dissolved it, added milk, and presented it to t
ke of Gloucester's purse! FIRST MURDERER. When he opens his purse to give us our reward, thy conscience flies out. SECOND MURDERER. 'Tis no matter; let 
ng empty this eight months, and it was a pity, for it was a pretty two storied place, with an old-fashioned porch and honeysuckle about it. I have stood many a time and thought what a n
hem were marked with ticks, and the others--the great majority--were not. Those which are ticked have been traced on the London market; but the others presumably were still in the possession of Care
nce of Wales, was first. In war was never lion rag'd more fierce, In peace was never gentle lamb more mild, Than was that young and princely gentleman. His face thou hast, for even so look'd h
ery Enter ISABELLA and FRANCISCA ISABELLA. And have you nuns no farther privileges? FRANCISCA. Are not these large enough? ISABELLA. Yes, truly; I
e full state pac'd back again To York Place, where the feast is held. FIRST GENTLEMAN. Sir, You must no more call it York Place: that's p
at is't that moves your Highness? MACBETH. Which of you have done this? LORDS. What, my good lord? MACBETH. Thou canst not say I did it; never shake Thy gory locks at me. ROSS. Gentlemen, rise; hi
re engaged to this loss Knew that we ventured on such dangerous seas That if we wrought out life 'twas ten to one; And yet we ventur'd, for the gain propos'd Chok'd the respect of likely pe
 office of God and the devil? One brings the in grace, and the other brings thee out. [Trumpets sound] The King's coming; I know by hi
 till we call upon you. LUCIO. Mum. ESCALUS. Come, sir; did you set these women on to slander Lord Angelo? They have confess'd you did. DUKE. 'Tis false. ESCALUS. How! Know you where you are? DUKE.
my youngest brother! Enter ACHILLES ACHILLES. Now do I see thee, ha! Have at thee, Hector! HECTOR. Pause, if thou wilt. ACHILLES. I do disdain thy courtesy, proud Troyan. Be happy that my arms are ou
 Bene. Lady, were you her bedfellow last night? Beat. No, truly, not; although, until last night, I have this 
s melancholy as a lodge in a warren. I told him, and I think I told him true, that your Grace had got the g
t several doors POET. Good day, sir. PAINTER. I am glad y'are well. POET. I have not seen you long; how goes the world? PAINTER. It wears, sir, as it grows. POET. Ay, tha
ue; but I had thought it was a story. Maybe these men have some reason in what they do. Maybe they are wronged and have no 
uch sack at supper. A good varlet. Now sit down, now sit down; come, cousin. SILENCE. Ah, sirrah! quoth-a- we shall [Singing] Do n
'tis an honester service than to meddle with thy mistress. Thou prat'st and prat'st; serve with thy trenc
anst thou tell? TITUS. Patience, Prince Saturninus. SATURNINUS. Romans, do me right. Patricians, draw your swords, and sheathe them not Till Saturninus 
m enter. If I become not a cart as well as another man, a plague on my bringing up! I hope I shall as soon be strangled with a halter as another. Prince. Go hide thee behi
bring me word What he will do. But if he will not yield, Rebuke and dread correction wait on us, And they shall do their office. So be gone. We will not 
27 36 31 4 17 21 41 DOUGLAS 109 293 5 37 BIRLSTONE 26 BIRLSTONE 9 47 171 "What do you make of it, Holmes?" "It is obviously an attempt to convey secret infor
to stop your nose, sir; I spake but by a metaphor. CLOWN. Indeed, sir, if your metaphor stink, I will stop my nose; or against any man's metaphor. Prithee, get thee further. PAROLL
ue qualities; For naught so vile that on the earth doth live But to the earth some special good doth give; Nor
h. Greg. 'Tis well thou art not fish; if thou hadst, thou hadst been poor-John. Draw thy tool! Here comes two of the house of Montagues. Enter two othe
ASTIAN. Foul weather? ANTONIO. Very foul. GONZALO. Had I plantation of this isle, my lord- ANTONIO. He'd sow 't with nettle-seed. SEBASTIAN. Or docks, or mallows. GONZALO. And were the king on
hot-free at London, I fear the shot here. Here's no scoring but upon the pate. Soft! who are you? Sir Walter Blunt. There's honour for you! Here's no vanity! I am as hot as molten lead, and as h
e. DUKE SENIOR. What would you have? Your gentleness shall force More than your force move us to gentleness. ORLANDO. I almost die for food, and let me have it. DUKE SEN
s donations to local and county charities have been frequently chronicled in these columns. "The circumstances connected with the death of Sir Charles cannot be said to have been entirely 
eal the station from which he came? It is possible. Or did he drop it in the carriage? That is also possible. But the point is of curious inte
urn things are going to take. Kindly sign the paper where Mr. Fordham shows you.' "I signed the paper as directed, and the lawyer took it away with him. T
ld offend again. LUCIO. What, is't murder? CLAUDIO. No. LUCIO. Lechery? CLAUDIO. Call it so. PROVOST. Away, sir; you must go. CL
TUS. So is theirs and ours. Enter PHILOTUS LUCIUS' SERVANT. And Sir Philotus too! PHILOTUS. Good day at once. LUCIUS' SE
on would suspect thee, when, peradventure, thou wert accus'd by the ass. If thou wert the ass, thy dulness would torment thee; and still thou liv'dst but as a breakfast to 
nt from what we have heard that Baskerville has been very closely shadowed by someone since he has been in town. How else could it be known so quickly that it was the Northumberland Hotel which he
! I fear, Watson, that all our expectations come to nothing. I trust that the man Porlock will come to no harm. "Dear Mr. Holmes [he says]: "I will go no further in 
res out the watch of night. O majesty! When thou dost pinch thy bearer, thou dost sit Like a rich armour worn in heat of day That scald'st with safety. By his gates of breath There
TUS, " " " CLAUDIO, " " " STRATO, " " " LUCIUS, " " " DARDANIUS, " " " PINDARUS, servant to Cassius The Ghost of Caesar A Soothsayer A Poet Senators, Citizens, Soldiers, Comm
ck. MENENIUS. Nay, but fellow, fellow- Enter CORIOLANUS with AUFIDIUS CORIOLANUS. What's the matter? 
of the room, which confirmed me in my opinion as to the murderer's height, and furnished me with the additional details as to the Trichinopoly cigar and the length of his nails. I had a
d, I care not. CASSIUS. When Caesar lived, he durst not thus have moved me. BRUTUS. Peace, peace! You durst not so have tempte
me it Claudio was beheaded At an unusual hour? PROVOST. It was commanded so. DUKE. Had you a special warrant for the deed? PROVOST. No, my good lord; it was by private message. DUKE. 
pon my faith and honour. MARIANA. Noble Prince, As there comes light from heaven and words from breath, As there is sense in truth and truth in virtue, I am affianc'd this man
r merry. CLEOPATRA. O well-divided disposition! Note him, Note him, good Charmian; 'tis the man; but note him! He was not sad, for he would shine on those That make their looks by his; he wa
hly suffered. IAGO. Will you hear me, Roderigo? RODERIGO. Faith, I have heard too much, for your words and performances are no kin together. IAGO. You charge me most unjustly. RODERIGO. W
 If it live in your memory, begin at this line- let me see, let me see: 'The rugged Pyrrhus, like th' Hyrcanian beast-' 'Tis not 
 proves thievish for a prize so dear. 49 Against that time (if ever that time come) When I shall see thee frown on my defec
'I am the King's poor cousin, sir.' PRINCE. Nay, they will be kin to us, or they will fetch it from Japhet. But the letter: [Reads
ling, like a beggar at Hallowmas. You were wont, when you laughed, to crow like a cock; when you walk'd, to walk like one of the lions; when you fasted, it was presently after dinner; when you look
Brutus' power, As Cassius' legions are by Antony. TITINIUS. These tidings would well comfort Cassius. MESSALA. Where did you leave him? TITINIUS. All disconsolate, With Pindarus his bondman, o
w. On examination traces of blood were to be seen upon the windowsill, and several scattered drops were visible upon the wooden floor of the bedroom. Thrust away behind a curtain in the f
 Best of comfort, And ever welcome to us. AGRIPPA. Welcome, lady. MAECENAS. Welcome, dear madam. Each heart in Rome does love and pity you; Only th' ad
niece shall take note of it; and assure thyself there is no love-broker in the world can more prevail in man's commendation with woman than report of valour. FABIAN. There is no 
Not a whit, when it jars so. HOST. Hark, what fine change is in the music! JULIA. Ay, that change is the spite. HOST. You would ha
c'd their men of trust? COMINIUS. As I guess, Marcius, Their bands i' th' vaward are the Antiates, Of their best trust; o'er them Aufidius, Their very heart of
 elderly gentleman, who was introduced to me as the Mr. Acton whose house had been the scene of the original burglary. "I wished Mr. Acton to be present while I demonstrated this small matter to yo
ow, good fellow! Why shak'st thou so? Fear not, man; here's no harm intended to thee. AUTOLYCUS. I am a poor fellow, sir. CAMILLO. Why, be so still; here's nobody will steal that from thee
ll, and I remember him worthy of thy praise. Enter a SERVINGMAN How now! what news? SERVINGMAN. The four strangers seek fo
. It was broken by Mycroft Holmes. "Can you not make reparation? It would ease your conscience, and possibly your punishment." "What reparation can I make?" "Where is Oberst
ed back as I rounded the far end of it, and saw that they were still talking very earnestly together, and, as they were gazing after me, it was clear that it was our interview 
hole sex withal. ORLANDO. Can you remember any of the principal evils that he laid to the charge of women? ROSALIND. There were none principal; they were all like one anothe
 attention, and with reason, to the discrepancy about his father having signalled to him before seeing him, also to his refusal to give details of his conversation with his father, and his sing
aintings too, well enough. God hath given you one face, and you make yourselves another. You jig, you amble, and you lisp; you nickname G
 then it is the complexion of them all to leave the dam. SHYLOCK. She is damn'd for it. SALERIO. That's certain, if the devil may be her judge. SHYLOCK. My own flesh and blood to rebel! SOLANIO
nnot overtake your slow purse. PROTEUS. Come, come, open the matter; in brief, what said she? SPEED. Open your purse, that the money and the matter may be both at once delivered. PROT
. Why, there 'tis; so say I too. LAFEU. Not to be help'd- PAROLLES. Right; as 'twere a man assur'd of a- LAFEU. Uncertain life and sure death. PAROLLES. Jus
f computer users by the end of the year 2001. We need your donations more than ever! All donations should be made to "Project Gutenberg/IBC
 best you stop your ears. My tongue will tell the anger of my heart, Or else my heart, concealing it, will break; And rather than it shall, I will be free Even to the uttermost,
d, and Don John is the author of all, who is fled and gone. Will you come presently? Beat. Will you go hear this news, signior? Bene. I will live in thy heart, die in thy lap, and be buri
aw! They did not know how to look." "But how will you look?" "I will not look." "What then?" "I will get her to show me." "But she
IAGO. But for a satisfaction of my thought; No further harm. OTHELLO. Why of thy thought, Iago? IAGO. I did not think he had been acquainted with her. OTHELLO. O, 
 in the leg, and exit. CASSIO. I am maim'd forever. Help, ho! Murther! Murther! Falls. Enter Othello. OTHELLO. The voice of
health; but, whilst I live, forget to drink after thee. FIRST GENTLEMAN. I think I have done myself wrong, have I not? SECOND GENTLEMAN.
ep your counsel, and not mine own. Besides, to be demanded of a sponge, what replication should be made by the son of a king? Ros. Take you me for a sponge, my l
she loves you, And as I find her, so am I affected; Till then, farewell, sir; she must needs go in; Her father will be angry. FENTON. Farewell, gentle mistress; farewell, Nan.
ring to Madam Silvia, which, out of my neglect, was never done. PROTEUS. Where is that ring, boy? JULIA. Here 'tis; this is it. PROTEUS. How! le
Since that my penitence comes after all, Imploring pardon. Enter GLOUCESTER GLOUCESTER. My liege! KING HENRY. My brother Gloucester's voice? Ay; I know thy er
 So she parted, And with the same full state pac'd back again To York Place, where the feast is held. FIRST GENTLEMAN. Sir, You must no more call it York Place: that's past: For since the Card
y who had better claims than I. I was not a lonely man: I had my daughter to attend to my wants." "It is of that daughter that I would speak to you," said
d never been. It was given out that he had either thrown himself overboard or fallen overboard in the heavy weather that we were having. Only one man knew what had
hreat To-morrow's vengeance on the head of Richard. Enter RATCLIFF RATCLIFF. My lord! KING RICHARD. Zounds, who is there? RATCLIFF. Ratcliff, my lord; 'tis I. The early village-cock Hath t
ethinks they are exceeding poor and bare- too beggarly. Fal. Faith, for their poverty, I know, not where they had that; and for their bareness, I am surd they never learn'd that of me. P
not a friend greet My poor corpse where my bones shall be thrown; A thousand thousand to save, Lay me, O, where Sad true lover never find my grave, To weep there! D
prisoner will be brought before the magistrates, and your attendance will be required. Until then I will be responsible for him." He rang
e so sick of late, So far from cheer and from your former state. That I distrust you. Yet, though I distrust, Discomfort you, my lord, it nothing must; For women's fear and lo
 AGAMEMNON. His blows are well dispos'd. There, Ajax! [Trumpets cease] DIOMEDES. You must no more. AENEAS. Princes, enough, so please you. AJAX. I am not warm yet; let us fight again. DIOMEDES. As He
mer, Earl of March, Married the Duke of Clarence' daughter, did he not? STAFFORD. Ay, sir. CADE. By her he had two children at one birth. WILLIAM STAFFORD. 
er, nor heard from her, Upon my faith and honour. MARIANA. Noble Prince, As there comes light from heaven and words from breath, As there is sense in truth and truth in virt
 lord, come from the heart; never came any from mine that might offend your Majesty. KING HENRY. It was ourself thou didst abuse. WILLIAMS. Your Majesty came n
n. I enjoy it." "Well, that makes it the more effective. You yacht against them, you hunt with them, you play polo, you match them in every game, your four-i
ed printing to be us'd, and, contrary to the King, his crown, and dignity, thou hast built a paper-mill. It will be proved to thy face that thou hast men about
ld have been the wiser. That is what she would have done if she had wished to shield the criminal. But if she does not wish to shield hi
re order'd than when Julius Caesar Smil'd at their lack of skill, but found their courage Worthy his frowning at. Their discipline, Now mingled with their cour
d stately person, scrupulously dressed, with a drawn, thin face, and a nose which was grotesquely curved and long. His complexion was of a dead pallor, which was more startling by contrast wit
ift a shirt; the violence of action hath made you reek as a sacrifice. Where air comes out, air comes in; there's none abroad so wholesome as that you vent. CLOTEN. If my shirt
Methought a serpent eat my heart away, And you sat smiling at his cruel prey. Lysander! What, remov'd? Lysander! lord! What, out of hearing gone? No sound, no word? Alac
throat shall cut, And mince it sans remorse. Swear against abjects; Put armour on thine ears and on thine eyes, Whose proof nor yells of mothers, maids, nor babes,
Y SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1597 THE MERCHANT OF VENICE by William Shakespeare DRAMATIS PERSONAE THE DUKE OF VENICE THE P
n with my things and came right away to you." "Your father," said Holmes, "your stepfather, surely, since the name is different." "Yes, my stepfather. I call him father, though it sounds f
to shift a shirt; the violence of action hath made you reek as a sacrifice. Where air comes out, air comes in; there's none abro
e same unknown crime. If it came off when Garcia returned, any possible suspicion would be warded off by the Englishman's evidence, and all would be well. But the
alt have it. Poins. [within] Francis! Fran. Anon, anon. Prince. Anon, Francis? No, Francis; but to-morrow, Francis; or, Francis, a Thursday; or ind
tus, live, live! FIRST CITIZEN. Bring him with triumph home unto his house. SECOND CITIZEN. Give him a statue with his ancestors. THIRD CITIZEN. Let him be Caesar. FOURTH CITIZEN. Caesar's better pa
R. When he opens his purse to give us our reward, thy conscience flies out. SECOND MURDERER. 'Tis no matter; let it go; there's few or none will entertain it. FIRST MURDERER. What if it come to 
 he. "'High red house with stone facings.' There is the signal station all right. We know the place, and we know the code; so surely our task should be simple. There's a 'to let' ca
l hold this quarrel up Whiles England shall have generation. PRINCE JOHN. YOU are too shallow, Hastings, much to shallow, To sound the bottom of the after-times. WESTMORELAND. P
TRESS QUICKLY QUICKLY. By your leave; I cry you mercy. Give your worship good morrow. FALSTAFF. Take away these chalices. Go, brew me a pottle of sack finely. BARDOLPH. With eggs, sir? FALSTAFF. Sim
r before! I have put you out. But to your protestation; let me hear What you profess. FLORIZEL. Do, and be witness to't. POLIXENES. And this my neighbour too? FLORIZEL. And he, and more Than he, 
is a groat to heal your pate. PISTOL. Me a groat! FLUELLEN. Yes, verily and in truth, you shall take it; or I have another leek in my pocket which you shall eat. PISTOL. I take t
he table. With a shriek of joy our client clutched it up. "You have it!" he gasped. "I am saved! I am saved!" The reaction of joy was as p
d mend him! I pray you let me speak with you. FALSTAFF. This apoplexy, as I take it, is a kind of lethargy, an't please your lordship, a kind of sleeping in 
RNES. The deer was, as you know, sanguis, in blood; ripe as the pomewater, who now hangeth like a jewel in the ear of caelo, the sky, the welkin, the heaven; and anon falleth like a crab on th
protested. "What the deuce is it to me?" he interrupted impatiently; "you say that we go round the sun. If we went round the moon it would not make a pennywo
es. MOPSA. I was promis'd them against the feast; but they come not too late now. DORCAS. He hath promis'd you more than that, or there be liars. MOPSA. He hath paid you all he promi
 Boil thou first i' the charmed pot. ALL. Double, double, toil and trouble; Fire burn and cauldron bubble. SECOND WITCH. Fillet of a fenny snake, In the cauldron boil and bake
 and GREEN, prisoners BOLINGBROKE. Bring forth these men. Bushy and Green, I will not vex your souls- Since presently your souls must part your bodies- With too much urging your pernicious l
xeunt ACT I. SCENE 2. London. The Council Chamber Cornets. Enter KING HENRY, leaning on the CARDINAL'S shoulder, the NOBLES, and SIR THOMAS LOVELL, with others. The CARDINAL places himself u
uld have paid her this check we have not yet determined. I have no doubt, however, that your researches will soon clear the matter up." "My researches!" "Hence the health-giving expedition 
h you please. BARDOLPH. Sir, a word with you. I have three pound to free Mouldy and Bullcalf. FALSTAFF. Go to; well. SHALLOW. Come, Sir John, which four will you have? FALSTAFF. Do you cho
lked in. The room was empty, and the bed had never been slept in. He had gone with the rest. The foreign host, the foreign footman,
ing must; For women's fear and love holds quantity, In neither aught, or in extremity. Now what my love is, proof hath made you know; And as my love is 
 of the hunters. Something had evidently aroused his suspicions. It may have been that Barrymore had some private signal which we had neglected to give, or the fellow may have had some other reason 
with OFFICERS VIOLA. Methinks his words do from such passion fly That he believes himself; so do not I. Prove true, imagination, O, prove true, That I, dear brother, be now ta'en for you! SIR
. He seems to be a very respectable, learned, and talented sort of man." "I'm glad you've got so far as to recognize the talent." "Man, you can't but recognize it! After I heard your view I
slight occasion that could but niggardly give me sight of her; not only bought many presents to give her, but have given largely to many to know what she would have given; briefly, I have pur
gby; I come anon. Exit RUGBY HOST. Farewell, my hearts; I will to my honest knight Falstaff, and drink canary with him. Exit HOST FORD. [Aside] I think I shall drink in pipe-wine first with him. 
ce. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Would all were well! But that will never be. I fear our happiness is at the height. Enter GLOUCESTER, HASTINGS, and DORSET GLOUCESTER. They do me wrong, and I wil
r room. KING. Set me the crown upon my pillow here. CLARENCE. His eye is hollow, and he changes much. WARWICK. Less noise! less noise! Enter PRINCE HENRY PRINCE. Who saw the Duke of Clarence? CL
are Worthies a-coming will speak their mind in some other sort. PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Stand aside, good Pompey. Enter HOLOFERNES, for JUDAS; and MOTH, for HERCULES HOLOFERNES. Great Hercules is prese
Will we return unto thy father's house And revel it as bravely as the best, With silken coats and caps, and golden rings, With ruffs and cuffs and farthingales and things, With scarfs an
rance. From these our Henry lineally descends. WARWICK. Oxford, how haps it in this smooth discourse You told not how Henry the Sixth hath lost All that which Henry the Fifth had gotten? Methinks t
t my surprise,--"so absurdly simple that an explanation is superfluous; and yet it may serve to define the limits of observation and of deduction. Observation tells me that you have a li
etitions in the street? Come to the Capitol. Caesar goes up to the Senate House, the rest follow. POPILIUS. I wish your enterprise today may thrive. CASSIUS. What enterprise, Popilius? 
AIN. Lay her a-hold, a-hold; set her two courses; off to sea again; lay her off. Enter MARINERS, Wet MARINERS. All lost! to prayers, to prayers! all lost! Exeu
I pray: Where have you left the money that I gave you? DROMIO OF EPHESUS. O-Sixpence that I had a Wednesday last To pay the saddler for my mistress' crupper? The saddler had it, sir; I kept it not
ll. SILVIA. Nay, then, he should be blind; and, being blind, How could he see his way to seek out you? VALENTINE. Why, lady, Love hath twenty pair of eyes. THURIO. They say that Love hath not an e
. SONG. It was a lover and his lass, With a hey, and a ho, and a hey nonino, That o'er the green corn-field did pass In the spring time, the only pretty ring time, When 
erson, quasi pers-one. And if one should be pierc'd which is the one? COSTARD. Marry, Master Schoolmaster, he that is likest to a hogshead. HOLOFERNES. Piercing a hogshead! A good lustre of co
 wards Many a bounteous year must be employ'd Now to guard sure their master. And this is all a liberal course allows: Who cannot keep his wealth must keep his house. Exit SCENE IV. A hall in TIMON'
pinion, cannot have it. Then, taking him from thence that is not there, You break no privilege nor charter there. Oft have I heard of sanctuary men; But sanctuary children never till now. C
ntil his very downfall in the sea. And day by day I'll do this heavy task, So thou destroy Rapine and Murder there. TAMORA. These are my ministers, and come with me. TITUS. Are they thy ministers? W
herefore I yield thee my free consent. WARWICK. And I choose Clarence only for Protector. KING HENRY. Warwick and Clarence, give me both your hands. Now join your hands, and with your ha
 swiftly examining each, and then packing it neatly in Von Bork's valise. The German lay upon the sofa sleeping stertorously with a strap round his upper arms and another round his legs. "We need 
 what you bid me undertake, Though that my death were adjunct to my act, By heaven, I would do it. KING JOHN. Do not I know thou wouldst? Good Hubert, Hubert, Hu
overeign, I confess your royal graces, Show'r'd on me daily, have been more than could My studied purposes requite; which went Beyond all man's endeavours. My endeavours, Have ever come too short 
nds blow till they have waken'd death! And let the laboring bark climb hills of seas Olympus-high, and duck again as low As hell's from heaven! If it were now to die, 'Twere now to
 OF FRANCE, the DAUPHIN, DUKE OF BRITAINE, the CONSTABLE OF FRANCE, and others FRENCH KING. 'Tis certain he hath pass'd the river Somme. CONSTAB
 VALENTINE. Nay, sure, I think she holds them prisoners still. SILVIA. Nay, then, he should be blind; and, being blind, How could he see his way to seek out you? VALENTINE. Why, lady, Lov
e third time; he put it the third time by; and still as he refused it, the rabblement hooted and clapped their chopped hands and threw up their sweaty nightcaps an
k to quench the fire of love with words. LUCETTA. I do not seek to quench your love's hot fire, But qualify
march. Enter, and pass over at a distance, TALBOT and his forces There goes the Talbot, with his colours spread, And all the troops of English after him. French march. Enter the DUKE OF BURGUNDY 
will suppose that there was a guilty secret, a really shameful secret in the life of this man Douglas. This leads to his murder by someone who is, we will suppose, an avenger, someone f
your worship; and my suit is- LAUNCELOT. In very brief, the suit is impertinent to myself, as your worship shall know by this honest old man; and,
, ARVIRAGUS. Nor th' all-dreaded thunder-stone; GUIDERIUS. Fear not slander, censure rash; ARVIRAGUS. Thou hast finish'd joy and moan. BOTH. All lovers young, all lovers 
e." "That is easily got." "And help." "That is not always so easy." "I have heard of you, Mr. Holmes. I heard from Major Prendergast how you saved him in the 
led a little red ribbon of blood, which had meandered across the passage and formed a little pool along the skirting at the other side. I gave a cry, which brough
ty. LEONTES. We are tougher, brother, Than you can put us to't. POLIXENES. No longer stay. LEONTES. 
LE. [Aside to QUICKLY] 'Tis a great charge to come under one body's hand. QUICKLY. [Aside to SIMPLE] Are you avis'd o
 Hang yourself, you muddy conger, hang yourself! HOSTESS. By my troth, this is the old fashion; you tw
ater shall he die and take his end.' 'What shall betide the Duke of Somerset?' 'Let him shun castles; Safer shall he 
t I will never stand in the dock. You hope to beat me. I tell you that you will never beat me. If you are clever enough to bring destruction upon me, rest assured that I shall do as much to you.' "'Y
door last night, and there was only one in the morning. I could get no sense out of the chap who cleans them. The worst of it is that I only bought the pair last night in the Stran
ven. PAROLLES. Ay; so I say. LAFEU. In a most weak- PAROLLES. And debile minister, great power, great transcendence; which
Mrs. Stapleton herself, spoke good English, but with a curious lisping accent. I have myself seen this old man cross the Grimpen Mire by the path which Stapleton had
nger. PANDARUS. Was he angry? CRESSIDA. So he says here. PANDARUS. True, he was so; I know the cause too; he'
 man. SIR TOBY. What is thy excellence in a galliard, knight? AGUECHEEK. Faith, I can cut a caper. SIR TOBY. And I can cut the mutton to't. A
It is an old coat. EVANS. The dozen white louses do become an old coat well; it agrees well, passant; it is a familiar beast to man, and signifies love. SHALLOW. The luce is the f
oebus. Which is that god in office, guiding men? Which is the high and mighty Agamemnon? AGAMEMNON. This Troyan scorns us, or the men of
w, who, some from shyness, some from misanthropy, have no wish for the company of their fellows. Yet they are 
 story. TRINCULO. The sound is going away; let's follow it, and after do our work. STEPHANO. Lead, monster; we'll follow. I would I could see this taborer; he lays it on. TRINCULO. Wilt come? I'll
pon thine honour, is he prisoner? BUCKINGHAM. Upon mine honour, he is prisoner. YORK. Then, Buckingham, I
 night, So full of fearful dreams, of ugly sights, That, as I am a Christian faithful man, I would not spend another such a night Though 'twere to buy a world of happy days- So full of disma
rn more than thou trowest, Set less than thou throwest; Leave thy drink and thy whore, And keep in-a-door, And thou shalt ha
ut poor. ROSALINE. This proves you wise and rich, for in my eye- BEROWNE. I am a fool, and full of poverty. ROSALINE. But that you take what doth to you be
 suppose that I am commuting a felony, but it is just possible that I am saving a soul. This fellow will not go wrong again; he is too terribly frightened. Send him to jail now, a
 amazing coincidence." "A coincidence! Here is one of the three men whom we had named as possible actors in this drama
ggarly five hundred to start with.' "'Five hundred a year!' I shouted. "'Only that at the beginning; but you are to have an overriding commission of 
VIRGILIA. O heavens! O heavens! CORIOLANUS. Nay, I prithee, woman- VOLUMNIA. Now the red pestilence strike all trades in Rome, And occupations pe
. Run up, Sir John. MRS. FORD. Go, go, sweet Sir John. Mistress Page and I will look some linen for your hea
f stuffed pigeon-holes with which it was furnished. Each pigeon-hole had its label, and his eyes as he glanced along them read 
ything in thy pocket but tavern reckonings, memorandums of bawdy houses, and one poor pennyworth of sugar candy to make thee long-winded- if thy pocket were enrich'd with any other in
y- I hope to be saved. IAGO. And so do I too, lieutenant. CASSIO. Ay, but, by your leave, not before me; the lieutenant is to be saved before the ancient. Let's have no mo
 CLARENCE. [Aside to GLOUCESTER] I fear her not, unless she chance to fall. GLOUCESTER. [Aside to CLARENC
ms? What's the matter here? Corn. Keep peace, upon your lives! He dies that strikes again. What is the matter? Reg. The messengers from our sister and the King Corn. What is your difference
S. What is thy name? CORIOLANUS. A name unmusical to the Volscians' ears, And harsh in sound to thine. AUFIDIUS. Say, what's thy name? Thou has a grim appearance, and thy face Bears a command 
Aguecheek? MARIA. Ay, he. SIR TOBY. He's as tall a man as any's in Illyria. MARIA. What's that to th' purpose? SIR TOBY. Why, he has three thousand ducats a year. MARIA. Ay, but he'll 
ou my deer. FALSTAFF. I do begin to perceive that I am made an ass. FORD. Ay, and an ox too; both the proofs are extant. FALSTAFF. And these are not fairies? I was three or four times in the thought
more sailors than the mermaid shall; I'll slay more gazers than the basilisk; I'll play the orator as well as Nestor, Deceive more slily than Ul
 "It was an empty house, and so he knew that he would not be disturbed in the garden." "Yes, but there is another empty house farther up the street which he 
is the very plain-song of it. PISTOL. The plain-song is most just; for humours do abound: Knocks go and come; God's vassals drop and die; And sword and shield In bloody field Doth win imm
f, Partly for that her promised proportions Came short of composition; but in chief For that her reputation was disvalued In levity. Since which time of five y
aunted. Pray, masters! fly, masters! Help! Exeunt all but BOTTOM and PUCK PUCK. I'll follow you; I'll lead you about a round, Through bog, through bush, through brake, through brier; Sometime a h
melling love, with your hat penthouse-like o'er the shop of your eyes, with your arms cross'd on your thin-belly doublet, like a rabbit on a spit, or your hands in your pocket, li
gerson," said Lestrade gravely, "was murdered at Halliday's Private Hotel about six o'clock this morning." CHAPTER VII Light In The Darkness The intelligence with which Lestrade greeted 
ue, think you? AUTOLYCUS. Very true, and but a month old. DORCAS. Bless me from marrying a usurer! AUTOLYCUS. Here's the midwife's name to't, one Mistress Taleporter, and five or six hon
 fool. Lear. A bitter fool! Fool. Dost thou know the difference, my boy, between a bitter fool and a sweet fool? Lear. No, lad; teach me. Fool. That lord that counsell'd 
n all sense be much bound to him, For, as I hear, he was much bound for you. ANTONIO. No more than I am well acquitted of. PORTIA. Sir, you are very welcome to our house. It must ap
every: The sun's a thief, and with his great attraction Robs the vast sea; the moon's an arrant thief, And her pale fire she snatches from the sun; The sea's a thief, whose liquid surge 
YORK. Then thus: Edward the Third, my lords, had seven sons; The first, Edward the Black Prince, Prince of Wales; The second, William of Hatfield; and the third
y speak with you. PANDARUS. Where? BOY. At your own house; there he unarms him. PANDARUS. Good boy, tell him I come. Exit Boy I doubt he be hurt. Fare ye well, good niece. CRESSIDA. 
 the first place, how did these folk come, and how did they go? The door has not been opened since last night. How of the window?" 
hey call him Ajax. CRESSIDA. Good; and what of him? ALEXANDER. They say he is a very man per se, And stands alone. CRESSIDA. So do all men, unless
rong of her strong displeasure. CLOWN. Truly, Fortune's displeasure is but sluttish, if it smell so strongly as thou speak'st of. I will hencefort
t think'st thou of his opinion? MALVOLIO. I think nobly of the soul, and no way approve his opinion. CLOWN. Fare thee well. Remain thou still 
e Countess, deposed to having heard Ryder's cry of dismay on discovering the robbery, and to having rushed into the room, where she found matters as described by t
LITUS. O Dardanius! DARDANIUS. O Clitus! CLITUS. What ill request did Brutus make to thee? DARDANIUS. To kill him, Clitus. Look, he meditates. CLITUS. Now is that
ERVANT. An't please your honour, players That offer service to your lordship. LORD. Bid them come near. Enter PLAYERS Now, fellows, you are welcome. PLAYERS. We thank your honour. LORD. Do yo
USTICE. Eleven, sir. ESCALUS. I pray you home to dinner with me. JUSTICE. I humbly thank you. ESCALUS. It grieves me for the death of Claudio; But the
e suppress'd. SECOND WATCHMAN. To-morrow then, belike, shall be the day, If Warwick be so near as men report. THIRD WATCHMAN. But say, I pray, what nobleman is th
, Gave't you the King? CROMWELL. To his own hand, in's bedchamber. WOLSEY. Look'd he o' th' inside of the paper? CROMWELL. Presently He di
 for if he show us his wounds and tell us his deeds, we are to put our tongues into those wounds and speak for them; so,
ore your time. Proceed. ISABELLA. I went To this pernicious caitiff deputy. DUKE. That's somewhat madly spoken. ISABELLA. Pardo
tty, because little. Wherefore apt? ARMADO. And therefore apt, because quick. MOTH. Speak you this in my praise, master? ARMADO. 
as sound as a bell; and his tongue is the clapper, for what his heart thinks, his tongue speaks. Bene. Gallants, I am not as I have been. Leon. So say 
entine is cold, And that I love him not as I was wont. O! but I love his lady too too much, And that's the reason I love him so little. How shall I dote on her with more
indifferent eye. You are my father, for methinks in you I see old Gaunt alive. O, then, my father, Will you permit that I shall stand condemn'd A wandering vagabond; my rights and royalties
astened onwards. My friend knocked at the little rustic door, and knocked again without response. And yet the cottage was not deserted, for a low sound came to our ears--a
heard Apollodorus carried- ENOBARBUS. No more of that! He did so. POMPEY. What, I pray you? ENOBARBUS. A certai
, are you ready for death? POSTHUMUS. Over-roasted rather; ready long ago. GAOLER. Hanging is the word, sir; if you be ready for that, you are well cook'd. POSTHUMUS. So, if I prove a goo
ses as swift as thought in every power, And gives to every power a double power, Above their functions and
son to Polonius. Voltemand, courtier. Cornelius, courtier. Rosencrantz, courtier. Guildenstern, courtier. Osric, courtier. A Gentleman, c
dst thou ever know belov'd? APEMANTUS. Myself. TIMON. I understand thee: thou hadst some means to keep a dog. APEMANTUS. What things in the world canst thou nearest compare to thy flatterers? TIM
s it, and I understand that there are more vacancies than there are men, so that the trustees are at their wits' end what to do with the money. If my hair would only change 
ou follow your eyes so fast? VOLUMNIA. Honourable Menenius, my boy Marcius approaches; for the love of Juno, let's go. MENENIUS. Ha! Marcius coming home? VOLUMNIA. Ay, worthy Men
ENE 3. Gloucestershire Enter BOLINGBROKE and NORTHUMBERLAND, forces BOLINGBROKE. How far is it, my lord, to Berkeley now?
ve another for working days: your Grace is too costly to wear every day. But I beseech your Grace pardon me. I was born to speak all mirth and 
 CRESSIDA. No, I'll be sworn. ULYSSES. It were no match, your nail against his horn. May I, sweet lady, beg a kiss of you? CRESSIDA. You may. ULYSSES. I do desire
nce, that can soil our mothers? TROILUS. Nothing at all, unless that this were she. THERSITES. Will 'a swagger himself out on's own eyes? TROILUS. This she? No; this is Diomed
e hears herself. ROSALINE. How many weary steps Of many weary miles you have o'ergone Are numb'red in the travel of one mile? BEROWNE. We number nothing that we spend for you; Our duty is so
 pair of eyes. Let me not hold my tongue, let me not, Hubert; Or, Hubert, if you will, cut out my tongue, So I may keep mine eyes. O, spare
that is to come. Enter the LORD CHAMBERLAIN CHAMBERLAIN. Mercy o' me, what a multitude are here! They grow still too; from all parts they are coming, As if we kept a fair
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon 'em. Thy Fates open their hands; let thy blood and spirit embrace them; and, to inure thys
red, shaking him by the shoulder. "'There are none missing. There cannot be any missing,' said he. "'There ar
ot; I'll give you something else. DIOMEDES. I will have this. Whose was it? CRESSIDA. It is no matter. DIOMEDES. Come, tell me whose it was. CRESSIDA. 'Twas one's that lov'd me better than you wi
wonder, or a wondrous miracle, The shadow of myself form'd in her eye; Which, being but the shadow of
ly, the more to blame he; we were Christians enow before, e'en as many as could well live one by another. This making of Christians will raise the price of hogs; 
and to exceeding good sense- less. SIR TOBY. [Reads] 'I will waylay thee going home; where if it be thy chance to kill me'- FABIAN. Good. SIR TOBY. 'Thou kill'st me like a rogue an
orrow'd. I speak too loud. Where's Malvolio? He is sad and civil, And suits well for a servant with my fortunes. Where is Malvolio? MARIA. He's coming, madam; but in very strange manner. H
 He may a little grieve at. SECOND GENTLEMAN. Certainly The Cardinal is the end of this. FIRST GENTLEMAN. 'Tis likely, By all conjectures: first, Kildare's attainder, 
 to tell you what I would you knew. CLEOPATRA. Nay, pray you, sir. DOLABELLA. Though he be honourable- CLEOPATRA. He'll lead me, then,
s, gentlemen, and quickly shot off. VALENTINE. 'Tis indeed, madam; we thank the giver. SILVIA. Who is that, servant? VALENTINE. Yourself, sweet lady; for 
at doth warrant me. If then thou be son to me, here lies the point: why, being son to me, art thou so pointed at? Shall the blessed sun of heaven prove a micher and
chance thou art not with the Prince thy brother? He loves thee, and thou dost neglect him, Thomas. Thou hast a better place in his affection Than all thy brothers; cheri
 sequel; And yet I will not name it- and yet I care not. And yet take this again- and yet I thank you- Meaning henceforth to trouble you no more. S
ou have us do, Andronicus? DEMETRIUS. Show me a murderer, I'll deal with him. CHIRON. Show me a villain that hath done a rape, And I am sen
is of extreme importance." "It should give a clue, Mr. Holmes." "It does give a clue. Whoever wrote that note was the man who brought William Kirwa
l, well. PANDARUS. Well, well! Why, have you any discretion? Have you any eyes? Do you know what a man is? Is not birth, beauty, good shape, 
rough my unkind abuse. Him have I lost, thou hast both him and me, He pays the whole, and yet am I not free. 135 Whoever hath her wish, thou hast 
US. Lucius, a bowl of wine! Exit Lucius. CASSIUS. I did not think you could have been so angry. BRUTUS. O Cassius, I am sick of many griefs. CASSIUS. Of your philosophy you make no use, I
poison were obedient, and knew my mind! APEMANTUS. Where wouldst thou send it? TIMON. To sauce thy dishes. APEMANTUS. The middle of humanity thou n
he cat will after kind, So be sure will Rosalinde. Winter garments must be lin'd, So must slender Rosalinde. They that reap must sheaf and bind, Then to cart with Rosalinde. Sweetest nut hath sourest
n she coldly eyes The youthful Phoebus. Which is that god in office, guiding men? Which is the high and mighty Agamemnon? AGAMEMNON. 
Who's that that bears the sceptre? FIRST GENTLEMAN. Marquis Dorset; And that the Earl of Surrey, with the rod. SECOND GENTLEMAN. A bold brave gentleman. That should be The Duke of
hat writ. GRATIANO. Love-news, in faith! LAUNCELOT. By your leave, sir. LORENZO. Whither goest thou? LAUNCELOT. Marry, sir, to bid my old master, the Jew, to sup to-nigh
it in King Cambyses' vein. Prince. Well, here is my leg. Fal. And here is my speech. Stand aside, nobility. Host. O Jesu, this is excellent sport, i' faith! Fal. Weep not, sweet queen, for 
 true maid. CELIA. I' faith, coz, 'tis he. ROSALIND. Orlando? CELIA. Orlando. ROSALIND. Alas the day! what shall I do with my doublet and hos
CALIBAN. That's not the tune. [ARIEL plays the tune on a tabor and pipe] STEPHANO. What is this same? TRINCULO. This is the tune of our catch, play'd by the picture of N
u the destin'd tenth, And by the hazard of the spotted die Let die the spotted. FIRST SENATOR. All have 
Menelaus. MENELAUS. From Troy. Enter AENEAS AGAMEMNON. What would you fore our tent? AENEAS. Is this great Agamemnon's tent, I pray you? AGAMEMNON. Even this. AENEAS
?" he asked curtly. "It's a friend of mine, Mr. Baldwin, a new boarder here. Mr. McMurdo, may I introduce you to Mr. Baldwin?" The young men nodded in surly fashion t
u in your best array, bid your friends; for if you will be married to-morrow, you shall; and to Rosalind, if you will. Enter SILVIUS and PHEBE Look, here comes a lover of mine, and a lov
rom Sicyon, ho, the news! Speak there! FIRST ATTENDANT. The man from Sicyon- is there such an one? SECOND ATTENDANT. He stays upon you
ise you. Imagine 'twere the right Vincentio. BIONDELLO. Tut, fear not me. TRANIO. But hast thou done thy errand to Baptista? BIONDELLO. I told him that your father was at Venice, And that you
 in my love. Exeunt. Scene VI. A farmhouse near Gloucester's Castle. Enter Gloucester, Lear, Kent, Fool, and Edgar. G
er. Get thee gone And hire those horses. I'll be with thee straight. Exit [Balthasar]. Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee t
where he is falsely set; One that hath ever been God's enemy. Then if you fight against God's enemy, God will in justice ward you as his soldiers; If you do sweat to p
t unnatural murther. Ham. Murther? Ghost. Murther most foul, as in the best it is; But this most foul, strange, and unnatural. Ham. Haste me to know't, that I, with wings as swift As medi
e trail turned hard to the right in the direction of the town, which we had just quitted. The road took a sweep to the south of the town and c
 all the rest show'd a most noble patience. SECOND GENTLEMAN. I do not think he fears death. FIRST GENTLEMAN. Sure, he does not; He never was so womanish; the cause He may a
 do so? No, in despite of sense and secrecy, Unpeg the basket on the house's top, Let the birds fly, and like the famous ape, To try conclusions, in the basket c
How sad he looks; sure, he is much afflicted. KING. Who's there, ha? NORFOLK. Pray God he be not angry. KING HENRY. Who's ther
fe. I beg for justice, which thou, Prince, must give. Romeo slew Tybalt; Romeo must not live. Prince. Romeo sle
politician, seem To see the things thou dost not. Now, now, now, now! Pull off my boots. Harder, harder! So. Edg. O, matter and imp
s over the stage. Then enter Macbeth. MACBETH. If it were done when 'tis done, then 'twere well It were done quickly. If the assassination Could trammel up the consequence, and catch, With his sur
row without feather? Master, mean you so? For a fish without a fin, there's a fowl without a feather; If a crow help us in, sirrah, we'll pluck a crow togethe
re.' When we granted that, Here was 'I thank you for your voices. Thank you, Your most sweet voices. Now you have left your voices, I have no further with you.' Was not 
f you do, our melancholy upon your head! PANDARUS. Sweet queen, sweet queen; that's a sweet queen, i' faith. HELEN. And t
SILVIA, VALENTINE, THURIO, and SPEED SILVIA. Servant! VALENTINE. Mistress? SPEED. Master, Sir Thurio frowns on you. VALENTINE. Ay
thout desert so well reputed. DUKE. Hath he not a son? VALENTINE. Ay, my good lord; a son that well deserves The honour and regard of such a father. DUKE. You know him well? VALENTINE.
eet friend To strew him o'er and o'er! FLORIZEL. What, like a corse? PERDITA. No; like a bank for love to lie and play on; Not like a cors
 some discolouration here," said he. "Yes, sir, it is a blood-stain. I told you that I picked the book off the floor." "Was the blood-stain above or below?" "On the side next the boards."
 Hath an argosy cast away coming from Tripolis. SHYLOCK. I thank God, I thank God. Is it true, is it true? TUBAL. I spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wrec
 other slayeth me. Thou told'st me they were stol'n unto this wood, And here am I, and wood within this wood, Because I cannot meet my Hermia. Hence, get thee gone, and follow me no more.
You that be noble; help him, young and old. PLEBEIANS. Down with him, down with him! [In this mutiny the TRIBUNES, the AEDILES, and the people are beat in] 
, my womb, my womb undoes me. Here comes our general. Enter PRINCE JOHN OF LANCASTER, WESTMORELAND, BLUNT, and others PRINCE JOHN. The heat is past; follow no further now. Cal
oreign agent. It might have been done under such pledges as would have prevented him from speaking of it, and yet would have affected his thoughts in the direct
 If there's police-court business over this, you'll remember that I was the one that stood your friend, and that I was Miss Alice's friend too. "She was never
 without some advice. I was frightened of the house, of the man, of the woman, of the servants, even of the child. They were all horrible to me. If I co
s I fear the roaring of the lion's whelp. Prince. And why not as the lion? Fal. The King himself is to be feared as the lion. Dost thou think
vengeance; so that here men are punish'd for before-breach of the King's laws in now the King's quarrel. Where they feared the dea
. I must, where is no remedy. PROTEUS. When possibly I can, I will return. JULIA. If you turn not, you will return the sooner. Keep this r
r Ford. There's a hole made in your best coat, Master Ford. This 'tis to be married; this 'tis to have linen and buck-baskets! Well, I will proclaim myself what I am; I will now take the lecher; he i
! you fustilarian! I'll tickle your catastrophe. Enter the LORD CHIEF JUSTICE and his men CHIEF JUSTI
UTLAND. Di faciant laudis summa sit ista tuae! [Dies] CLIFFORD. Plantagenet, I come, Plantagenet; And this thy son's blood cleaving to my
 with the motion of all elements Courses as swift as thought in every power, And gives to every power a double power, Above th
 OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIA
ed, as when seen quarrelling he was face to face with his father. Still, it did not go for very much, for the older man might have turned his back before the blow fell. Still, it might be worth
d Of these events at full. Let us go in, And charge us there upon inter'gatories, And we will answer all things faithfully. GRATIANO. Let it be so. The first inter'gatory That my Nerissa shal
 lay you a wager that you find the seal with the thumb-mark upon it." "Wonderful!" said Lestrade. "Wonderful! It'
nce of the subject. His brother and I sat expectant. "Surely you have heard of it? I thought everyone had heard of it." "Only as a name." "Its importance can hardly be exagge
is name is Master Fer. PISTOL. Master Fer! I'll fer him, and firk him, and ferret him- discuss the same in French unto him. BOY. I do not know the French for fer, and ferret, and firk. PIST
g, with every muscle of his powerful frame quivering with excitement. "We have him! We have him!" he cr
because I could see his mother's face in his, and that for her dear sake there was no end to my long-suffering. All her pretty ways, too--there was not one of them which he could not sugge
 ruin of the state. BRUTUS. Why shall the people give One that speaks thus their voice? CORIOLANUS. I'll give my reasons, More worthier than their voices. They know the corn Was not our reco
ENTLEMAN. Marquis Dorset; And that the Earl of Surrey, with the rod. SECOND GENTLEMAN. A bold brave gentleman. That should be The Duke of Suffolk? FIRST GENTLEMAN. 'Tis t
my hands upon you when once I had started upon the right trail." "I thought the police never could have seen through our dodge." "And the police haven't; nor will they, to the best 
 Traverse, go, provide thy money. We will have more of this tomorrow. Adieu. RODERIGO. Where shall we meet i' the morning? IAGO. At my lodging. RODERIGO. I'll be with thee betimes. IAGO
 a more temperate fire under the pot of her eyes. Did her eyes run o'er too? PANDARUS. And Hector laugh'd. CRESSIDA. At what was all this laughing? PANDARUS. Marry, at the white hair that Helen sp
n content Than to be perk'd up in a glist'ring grief And wear a golden sorrow. OLD LADY. Our content Is our best having. ANNE. By my troth and maidenhead, I would not be a queen. OLD LADY. Besh
ead on knee. BEROWNE. Well said, old mocker; I must needs be friends with thee. COSTARD. I Pompey am, Pompey surnam'd the Big- DUMAIN. The Great. COSTARD. It is Gr
ations of bleeding on the line." "There were hardly any." "But I understand that there was a considerable wound." "The bone was crushed, but there was no great external injury." "And yet one wo
 a brace of tongues Must needs want pleading for a pair of eyes. Let me not hold my tongue, let me not, Hubert; Or, Hubert, if you will, cut out my tongue, So I may keep mine eye
d give it bountiful to the desirers. Therefore, beseech you I may be consul. FIFTH CITIZEN. We hope to find you our friend; and therefore give you our voices heartily. FOURTH CITIZEN. You
brave Hector; welcome, Princes all. AGAMEMNON. So now, fair Prince of Troy, I bid good night; Ajax commands the guard to tend on you. HECTOR. Thanks, and good night to the Gree
 other laughed. "I should imagine not," he said. "And yet, you see, I am here. Coals of fire, Holmes--coals of fire!" "It is very good of you
BENEDICTINE COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED
than that Caesar were dead to live all freemen? As Caesar loved me, I weep for him; as he was fortunate, I rejoice at it; as he was valiant, I honor him; but as he was ambitio
roach; and, in her invention and Ford's wife's distraction, they convey'd me into a buck-basket. FORD. A buck-basket! F
ill, That hath his windows glazed with thine eyes: Now see what good turns eyes for eyes have done, Mine eyes have drawn thy shape, and thine for me Are windows to my breast, where-th
ee devil! IAGO. What was he that you followed with your sword? What had he done to you? CASSIO. I know not. IAGO. Is't possible? CASSIO. I remember a mass of 
 does, the very hour of his death written upon it, is of extreme importance." "It should give a clue, Mr. Holmes." "It does give a clue. Whoever
lled there; And then to sleep but three hours in the night And not be seen to wink of all the day- When I was wont to think no harm all night, And make a dark night too of half the day- Which I ho
er and my lord! CAESAR. Not so. Adieu. Flourish. Exeunt CAESAR and his train CLEOPATRA. He words me, girls, he words me, that I should n
 to make me a cuckold, they would make themselves whores but they'ld do't! Enter CLEOPATRA ENOBARBUS. Hush! Here comes Antony. CHARMIAN. Not he; the Queen. CLEOPATRA. Saw you my lord? ENOBARBUS. No
u hast feign'd him a worthy fellow. POET. That's not feign'd- he is so. APEMANTUS. Yes, he is worthy of thee, and to pay thee for thy labour. He that loves to be flattered is worthy o' th' fla
citizens to come to him. His Grace not being warn'd thereof before, He fears, my lord, you mean no good to him. BUCKINGHAM. Sorry I am my noble cousin should Suspect me that I mean no goo
" " " CAIUS LIGARIUS, " " " DECIUS BRUTUS, " " " METELLUS CIMBER, " " " CINNA, " " " CALPURNIA, wife of Caesar PORTIA, wife of Brutus CICERO, senator
s the wound to kill Doth turn O ho! to ha! ha! he! So dying love lives still. O ho! a while, but ha! ha! ha! O ho! groans out for ha! ha! ha!-hey ho! HELEN. In love, i' faith, to the very tip of the 
t, say, what to thine old news? BIONDELLO. Why, Petruchio is coming- in a new hat and an old jerkin; a pair of old breeches thrice turn'd; a pair of boots tha
een by the ship-side, to have help'd her; there your charity would have lack'd footing. SHEPHERD. Heavy matters, heavy matters! But l
 stock to a barrel. He's got the dibbs, he has, and where do you think he is at this moment? Why, he's the chaplain of this ship--the chaplain, no less! He came aboard with a bl
one," said she. "'"Gone! Gone where?" "'"He is gone. No one has seen him. He is not in his room. Oh, yes, he is gone, he is gone!" She fell back 
hat is all one, my fair, sweet, honey monarch; for, I protest, the schoolmaster is exceeding fantastical; too too vain, too too vai
y are Persian attire; but let them be chang'd. Kent. Now, good my lord, lie here and rest awhile. Lear. Make no noise, make no noise; draw the curtains. So, so, so. We'll go 
nd hews down oaks with rushes. Hang ye! Trust ye? With every minute you do change a mind And call him noble that was now your hate, Him vile that was your garland. 
gs? Do not seek to stuff My head with more ill news, for it is fun. BASTARD. But if you be afear'd to hear the worst, Then let the worst, unheard, fall on your head. KING JOHN. Bear with me, cou
. I beseech you do me this courteous office as to know of the knight what my offence to him is: it is something of my negligence, nothing of my purp
; Out, sword, and wound The pap of Pyramus; Ay, that left pap, Where heart doth hop. [Stabs himself] Thus die I, thus, thus, thus. Now am I dead, Now am I fled; My sou
ISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIA
Akbar has promised this night to lead him to a side-postern of the fort, and has chosen this one for his purpose. Here he will come presently, and here he will find Mahomet Sin
SMAN of Saint Albans, crying 'A miracle!' GLOUCESTER. What means this noise? Fellow, what miracle dost thou proclaim? TOWNSMAN. A miracle! A miracle! SUFFOLK. Come to the King, and
eign. And now henceforward it shall be treason for any that calls me other than Lord Mortimer. Enter a SOLDIER, running SOLDIER. Jack Cade! Jack Cade! CADE. Knock 
road,' which, added to the goose, proves thee far and wide a broad goose. Mer. Why, is not this better now than groaning for love? Now art thou sociable, now art thou Romeo; now 
ed again, and she turned away with a look of disappointment. That was enough for me. There was no one but Alec Fairbairn whose step she could have mistaken for mine. If I could have seen him th
les in this shed?" "Several." "Would he not have hidden a couple he desired to give the idea that they had gone off upon them?" "I suppose he would." "Of course he would. The blind the
 her, after you have possess'd her. ORLANDO. For ever and a day. ROSALIND. Say 'a day' without the 'ever.' No, no, Orlando; men are April when they woo, December when they wed: maids are May when 
paration of a war Shall stain your brother. Make your soonest haste; So your desires are yours. OCTAVIA. Thanks to my lord. The Jove of power make me, most weak, most weak,
ng-whereby 'a may be thought to be accommodated; which is an excellent thing. Enter FALSTAFF SHALLOW. It is very just. Look, here comes good Sir John. Give me your good hand, give me your 
flight was madness. When our actions do not, Our fears do make us traitors. ROSS. You know not Whether it was his wisdom or his fear. LADY MACDUFF. Wisdom? To leave his wife, to leave his babe
 FIRST KEEPER. We are true subjects to the King, King Edward. KING HENRY. So would you be again to Henry, If he were seated as King Edward is. FIRST KEEPER
 KATHERINA. A very mean meaning. WIDOW. Right, I mean you. KATHERINA. And I am mean, indeed, respecting you. PETRUCHIO. To her, Kate! HORTENSIO. To her, widow! PETRUCHIO
 TOUCHSTONE. Good ev'n, gentle friend. Cover thy head, cover thy head; nay, prithee be cover'd. How old are you, friend? WILLIAM. Five and twenty, sir. TOUCHSTONE. A ripe age. Is th
 is the ring I gave to Julia. JULIA. O, cry you mercy, sir, I have mistook; This is the ring you sent to Silvia. PROTEUS. But how cam'st thou by this r
," said he. "Now let me hear of it." Morris drank, and his white face took a tinge of colour. "I can tell it to you all in one sentence," said he. "There's a detective on our tra
ED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1595 THE TWO GENTLEMEN OF VERONA by W
ED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. SCENE I. The forest Enter TOUCHSTONE
KING HENRY. What treasure, uncle? EXETER. Tennis-balls, my liege. KING HENRY. We are glad the Dauphin is so pleasant with us; His present and your pains we thank you for
ll-Souls' day, fellow, is it not? SHERIFF. It is, my lord. BUCKINGHAM. Why, then All-Souls' day is my body's doomsday. This is the day which in King Edward's time I wish'd might fall on me when
u would have wished to tell me something, or in your kindness you would have brought me out some comfort or other, and so an unnecessary risk would be run. I brought Cartwright down with me--you
We have their foot-marks, we have their description; it's ten to one that we trace them. The first fellow was a bit too active, but the second was caught by the und
te. FLUELLEN. Aunchient Pistol, I do partly understand your meaning. PISTOL. Why then, rejoice therefore. FLUELLEN. Certainly, Aunchient, it is not a thing to re
ef. DESDEMONA. Here, my lord. OTHELLO. That which I gave you. DESDEMONA. I have it not about me. OTHELLO. Not? DESDE
 BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION I
ng, my flatterers Were then but subjects; being now a subject, I have a king here to my flatterer. Being so great, I have n
the velvet; thou art good velvet; thou'rt a three-pil'd piece, I warrant thee. I had as lief be a list of an English kersey as be pil'd, as thou art pil'd, for a French velvet. Do I speak fe
een. PETRUCHIO. What is his name? VINCENTIO. Lucentio, gentle sir. PETRUCHIO. Happily met; the happier for thy s
 all our fortunes. ENOBARBUS. Mine, and most of our fortunes, to-night, shall be- drunk to bed. IRAS. There's a palm presages c
R USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT V. Scene I. The street, near Leonato's hous
ee what they are doing--but for heaven's sake don't let them know that they are watched!" I tiptoed down the path and 
ch is worst of all; And, among three, to love the worst of all, A whitely wanton with a velvet brow, With two pitch balls stuck in her face for eyes; Ay, and, by heaven,
ke me, most weak, most weak, Your reconciler! Wars 'twixt you twain would be As if the world should cleave, and that slain men Should solder up the rift. ANTON
OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT III. SCENE I. LU
n, she should have been buried out o' Christian burial. Clown. Why, there thou say'st! And the more pity that great folk should have count'nance in this world to drown or hang themselves more t
t pike? KING HENRY. Even so. What are you? PISTOL. As good a gentleman as the Emperor. KING HENRY. Then you are a better than the King. PISTOL. The King's a bawcock and a heart of gold, A lad of
ge of a hundred and fifty soldiers, three hundred and odd pounds. I press me none but good householders, yeomen's sons; inquire me out contracted bachelors, such as had been ask'd twice on t
; it is unusual for them to be content with a limited plunder when there is much more within their reach; and finally I should say that it was very unusual for such men to 
o'clock? MESSENGER. Upon the stroke of four. Enter LORD HASTINGS HASTINGS. Cannot my Lord Stanley sleep these tedious nights? MESSENGER. So it appears by that 
S MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION I
ER, Uncle to the King DUKE OF YORK, cousin to the King EARL OF SALISBURY EARL OF WESTMORELAND EARL OF WARWICK ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY BI
IES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTR
No grapes, my royal fox? Yes, but you will My noble grapes, an if my royal fox Could reach them: I have s
y behind us! PAROLLES. 'Tis not his fault, the spark. SECOND LORD. O, 'tis brave wars! PAROLLES. Most admirable! I have seen those wars. BERTRAM. I am commanded here and kept a coil with 'Too
p us on any part of the Indian coast you will have done your part of the bargain.' "'If there were only one,' he said. "'None or all
e taken his wedding ring!" he gasped. "What!" "Yes, indeed. Master always wore his plain gold wedding ring on the
ve you, sir. GENTLEMAN. And you. HELENA. Sir, I have seen you in the court of France. GENTLEMAN. I have been sometimes there. H
OPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTIO
IBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT IV. Scene I. A church. Enter Don Pedro, [John the]
ght you to't. CORIOLANUS. Mine own desert. SECOND CITIZEN. Your own desert? CORIOLANUS. Ay, not mine own desire. 
 nor the lady's, which is nice; nor the lover's, which is all these; but it is a melancholy of mine own, compounded of many simples, extracted from many objects, and, indeed, the sundry contemplation
RIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHI
it. [To ORLANDO] You to a love that your true faith doth merit; [To OLIVER] You to your land, and love, and great allies [To SILVIUS] You to a long and well-deserved bed; [To TOUCH
o, boy. DAUGHTER. Why do you weep so oft, and beat your breast, And cry 'O Clarence, my unhappy son!'? SON. Why do you look on u
, that you could! GLOUCESTER. My masters of Saint Albans, have you not beadles in your town, and things call'd whips? MAYOR. Yes, my lord, if it please your Grace. GLOUCESTER. Then send for o
sure." "You told me that you had bachelor quarters for one, and I see that you have no gentleman visitor at present. Your hat-stand proclaims as much." "I shall be delighted if you will sta
: besides your cheer, you shall have sport; I will show you a monster. Master Doctor, you shall go; so
me. Dog. Marry, this it is, sir. Verg. Yes, in truth it is, sir. Leon. What is it, my good friends? Dog. Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little off the matter--an old man, si
t SCENE III. York. The ARCHBISHOP'S palace Enter the ARCHBISHOP, THOMAS MOWBRAY the EARL MARSHAL, LORD HASTINGS, and LORD
, Dash him to pieces! CASSIUS. I denied you not. BRUTUS. You did. CASSIUS. I did not. He was but a fool That brought my answer back. Brutus hath rived my heart. A
READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROH
d drunk himself out of his five sentences. EVANS. It is his five senses; fie, what the ignorance is! BARDOLPH. And being fap, sir, was, as they say, cashier'd; and so conclusions pass'd
 NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIM
NY. Is that his answer? EUPHRONIUS. Ay, my lord. ANTONY. The Queen shall then have courtesy, so she Will yield us up. EUPHRONIUS. He says so. ANTONY. Let her know't. T
E READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROH
RE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DO
TH. Shall I be tempted of the devil thus? KING RICHARD. Ay, if the devil tempt you to do good. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Shall I forget mys
NE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIAL
y father of this business. POLIXENES. Let him know't. FLORIZEL. He shall not. POLIXENES. Prithee let h
TER. Not here in presence. KING HENRY. Send for him, good uncle. WESTMORELAND. Shall we call in th' ambassador, my liege? KING HENRY. Not yet, my cousin; we would be reso
 Or of the deadly seven it is the least. ISABELLA. Which is the least? CLAUDIO. If it were damnable, he being so wise, Why would he f
(2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD
nter MARINERS BOATSWAIN. Heigh, my hearts! cheerly, cheerly, my hearts! yare, yare! Take in the topsail. Tend to th' master's whistl
 shapes and forms of slaughter. CASSANDRA. O, 'tis true! HECTOR. Ho! bid my trumpet sound. CASSANDRA. No not
. For the best turn i' th' bed. CLEOPATRA. I am pale, Charmian. MESSENGER. Madam, he's married to Octavia. CLEOPATRA. The most infectious pestilence upon thee! [Strikes him down] MESSENGER. Good mad
 MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIA
ened when you did get there?" "I never went." "Mrs. Lyons!" "No, I swear it to you on all I hold sacred. I never went. Something intervened to prevent my going." "What was that?" "That is a priva
eir sons to seek preferment out: Some to the wars, to try their fortune there; Some to discover islands far away; Some to the s
make my very house reel to-night. A letter for me? VIRGILIA. Yes, certain, there's a letter for you; I saw't. MENENIUS. A letter fo
NEAS. Ay, Greek, that is my name. AGAMEMNON. What's your affair, I pray you? AENEAS. Sir, pardon; 'tis for Agamemnon's ears. AGAMEMNON. He hears nought privately that comes from
ND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBE
ven to the general all-ending day. GLOUCESTER. [Aside] So wise so young, they say, do never live long. PRINCE. What say you, uncle? GLOUCESTER. I say, without characters, fame lives long. [Aside
g I am forbid to know, As thus: to study where I well may dine, When I to feast expressly am forbid; Or study where to meet some m
, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME 
evenge, and therefore will not yield. KING HENRY. Ah, Exeter! WARWICK. Why should you sigh, my lord? KING HENRY. Not for myself, Lord 
high piping voice from some inner room. "Show them in to me, khitmutgar," it cried. "Show them straight in to me." CHAPTER IV The Story of the Bald-Headed Man We followed the Indi
NLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES B
ked Holmes. "Patrick Cairns." "Harpooner?" "Yes, sir. Twenty-six voyages." "Dundee, I suppose?" "Yes, sir." "And r
 ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> A
TRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DIST
ice or a fool's. Dost please thyself in't? APEMANTUS. Ay. TIMON. What, a knave too? APEMANTUS. If thou didst put this sour-cold habit on To castigate 
CTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMER
CTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROH
uch more rare Subdues all pangs, all fears. CYMBELINE. Past grace? obedience? IMOGEN. Past hope, and in despair; that way past grace. CYMBELINE. That mightst have had the sole son of my queen! IMOGEN
aces are true, whatsome'er their hands are. ENOBARBUS. But there is never a fair woman has a true face. MENAS. No slander: they steal hearts. ENOBARBUS. We came hither to fight with 
SE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> ACT II. PROLOG
u not That I have fin'd these bones of mine for ransom? Com'st thou again for ransom? MONTJOY. No, great Kin
 to us with agitation in every heavy feature. "The Duke is here," said he. "The Duke and Mr. Wilder are in the study. Come, gentlemen, and I will introduce you." I wa
 USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE 
 I had it made, and what do you think I chose for the word and figures?" "It's beyond me." "Well, I chose August for the word, and 1914 for the figures, and
ear him ashore. I'll pledge it for him, Pompey. ENOBARBUS. Here's to thee, Menas! MENAS. Enobarbus, welcome! POMPEY. Fill till the cup be hid. ENOBARBUS. There's a strong fellow, Menas. [Pointing to
nt? PROTEUS. No; but she is an earthly paragon. VALENTINE. Call her divine. PROTEUS. I will not flatter her. VALENTINE. O, flatter me; for love delights in praises! PROTEUS. When I was sick you g
lousy Is for a precious creature; as she's rare, Must it be great; and, as his person's mighty, Must it be violent; and as he does conceive He is dishonour'd by a man which ever Profess'd to him, wh
my master, he hath learnt so much fence already. SALISBURY. Come, leave your drinking and fall to blows. Sirrah, what's thy name? PETER. Peter, forsooth. SALISBURY. Peter? What more? PETER. Thu
NAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR
I wants a rest. I thought I'd get it either with Mr. Beddoes or with you.' "'Ah!' cried Trevor. 'You know where Mr. Beddoes is?' "
 lords, we shall lie to-night together. Re-enter WESTMORELAND Now, cousin, wherefore stands our army still? WESTMORELAND. The leaders, having charge from you to st
SONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>> 1591 THE
here were ninety-seven very fine emeralds, and one hundred and seventy rubies, some of which, however, were small. There were forty carbuncles, two hundred and ten sa
ject as he's for a king, thou art poor enough. What wouldst thou? Kent. Service. Lear. Who wouldst thou serve? Kent. You. Lear. Dost thou 
ERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR
 The Curse of the Baskervilles The Problem Sir Henry Baskerville Three Broken Threads Baskerville Hall The Stapletons of Merripit House First Report of Dr. Watson Second Repo
eful, beard to beard, And beat them backward home. A cry of women within. What is that noise? SEYTON. It is the cry of women, my good lord. Exit. MACBETH. I have almost 
er the mason, the shipwright, or the carpenter? Other. The gallows-maker; for that frame outlives a thousand tenants. Clown. I like thy wit well, in good faith. The gallows does well. B
e heavens. But if you would consider the true cause Why all these fires, why all these gliding ghosts, Why birds and beasts from quality and kind, Why old men, fools
French salutation to your French slop. You gave us the counterfeit fairly last night. Rom. Good morrow to you both. What counterfeit did I gi
 And doleful dumps the mind oppress, Then music with her silver sound'- Why 'silver sound'? Why 'music
 PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIB
Salicam mulieres ne succedant'- 'No woman shall succeed in Salique land'; Which Salique land the French unjustly gloze To be the realm of France, a
ter thee. O, thou shalt find- TIMON. A fool of thee. Depart. APEMANTUS. I love thee better now than e'er I did. TIMON. I hate thee worse. APEMANTUS. Why? TIMON. Thou flatte
TH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR 
not surfeited to death, Stand in bold cure. A cry within, "A sail, a sail, a sail!" Enter a fourth Gentleman. What noise? FOURTH GENTLEMAN. The town is empty; 
. Caesar' sister is call'd Octavia. MENAS. True, sir; she was the wife of Caius Marcellus. ENOBARBUS. But she is now the wife of Mar
R OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES
ch'd that it may still go right! Nay, to be perjur'd, which is worst of all; And, among three, to love the worst of all, A whitely wanton with a velvet b
ence will I bury mine, For they are harsh, untuneable, and bad. VALENTINE. Is Silvia dead? PROTEUS. No, Valentine. VALENTINE. No Val
 toe. That spirit of his In aspiration lifts him from the earth. AGAMEMNON. Is this the lady Cressid? DIOMEDES. Even she. AGAMEMNON. Most dearly welcome to the Greeks, 
dy drops? Enter ROSALIND, CELIA, and CORIN, at a distance PHEBE. I would not be thy executioner; I fly thee, for I would not injure thee. Thou tell'st me ther
 an alarum again, and TALBOT pursueth the DAUPHIN and driveth him. Then enter JOAN LA PUCELLE driving Englishmen before her. Then enter TALBOT TALBOT. Wher
s death? What, wilt thou wash him from his grave with tears? An if thou couldst, thou couldst not make him live. Therefore have done. Some grief shows much of love; But much of gr
n across the bridge before six and been in hiding ever since, until Mr. Douglas came into the room after eleven." "That is so! Mr. Douglas went round the house ev
OWBRAY. Be it so. Here is return'd my Lord of Westmoreland. Re-enter WESTMORELAND WESTMORELAND. The Prince is here at hand. Pleaseth your lordship To meet
 YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DIS
without ever having touched the wealth for which I sold my character. God help me! God help me!" He burst into convu
COLLEGE WITH PERMISSION. ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED 
OLUS OF EPHESUS. Dromio, what stuff of mine hast thou embark'd? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Your goods that lay at host, sir, in the Centaur. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE.
IN. Hector trembles. BEROWNE. Pompey is moved. More Ates, more Ates! Stir them on! stir them on! DUMAIN. Hector will challenge him. BEROWNE. Ay, if 'a have no m
ead or ere I come. Exeunt SCENE 7. The orchard at Swinstead Abbey Enter PRINCE HENRY, SALISBURY, and BIGOT PRINCE HENRY
vizard half. KATHARINE. 'Veal' quoth the Dutchman. Is not 'veal' a calf? LONGAVILLE. A calf, fair lady! KATHARINE. No, a fair lord calf. LONGAVILLE. Let's part t
e some confidence with you. Ben. She will endite him to some supper. Mer. A bawd, a bawd, a bawd! So ho! Rom. What hast thou found? Mer. No hare, sir; unles
 shore, five and thirty leagues, off and on. By this light, thou shalt be my lieutenant, monster, or my standard. TRINCULO. Your lieutenant, if you list; he's no standard. STEPHANO. We'll not run, M
at, are you gone again? You must be watch'd ere you be made tame, must you? Come your ways, come your ways; an you draw backward
lf Whether I in any just term am affined To love the Moor. RODERIGO. I would not follow him then. IAGO. O, sir, content you. I follow him to s
ow, sirrah, where Lieutenant Cassio lies? CLOWN. I dare not say he lies anywhere. DESDEMONA. Why, man? CLOWN. He's a soldier; and for one to say a soldier lies, is stabbing. DESDEMONA. Go to! Where 
 (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTIO
 thou diest, though I the sicker be. KING RICHARD. I am in health, I breathe, and see thee ill. GAUNT. Now He that made me knows I see thee ill; Ill in myself to see, and in thee seeing ill.
IES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TI
who could this American be, and why should he possess so much influence over her? It might be a lover; it might be a hu
ave your drinking and fall to blows. Sirrah, what's thy name? PETER. Peter, forsooth. SALISBURY. Peter? What more? PETER. Thump. SALISBURY. Thump? Then see thou thump thy master well. HORNER. M
'When did you go to bed?' "'About eleven.' "'So your son was gone at least two hours?' "'Yes.' "'Possibly four or five?' "'Yes.' "'What was he doi
PIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR 
 Please't your Highness To grace us with your royal company? MACBETH. The table's full. LENNOX. Here is a place reserved, sir. MACBETH. Where? LENNOX. Here, my good lord. What is't t
ss, lady! IRAS. She's dead too, our sovereign. CHARMIAN. Lady! IRAS. Madam! CHARMIAN. O madam, madam, madam! IRAS. Royal Egypt, Empr
we should have gone a long way towards solving the mystery." "Yes, but how can we get at the criminal's pocket before we catch the criminal?" "Well, well, it was worth thinking over. Then there
ueen. How fares my lord? Pol. Give o'er the play. King. Give me some light! Away! All. Lights, lights, lights! Exeunt all but Hamlet and Horatio. Ham. Why, let the strucken d
on Bridge Station, and I am sure that they are only waiting for the warrant to arrest me. It will break my mother's heart--it will break her heart!" He wrung his hands in an agony of apprehension
 started, Because a bard of Ireland told me once I should not live long after I saw Richmond. BUCKINGHAM. My lord- KING RICHARD. Ay, what's o'clock? BUCKINGHAM. I am thus bold to
id dissemble, grandam? DUCHESS. Ay, boy. SON. I cannot think it. Hark! what noise is this? Enter QUEEN ELIZABETH, with her hair about her ears; RIVERS and DORSET after her QUEEN ELIZ
ICINIUS. Consul! What consul? MENENIUS. The consul Coriolanus. BRUTUS. He consul! PLEBEIANS. No, no, no, no, no. MENENIUS. If, by the tribunes' leav
iss'd your sails, To make your vessel nimble. PHILARIO. Welcome, sir. POSTHUMUS. I hope the briefness of your answer made The speediness of your return. IACHIMO. Your lady Is one of the f
ONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCL
LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DIS
LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVI
 LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES
place at once, but after the return to Hatherley Farm. On the inspector of constabulary informing him that he was a prisoner, he remarked that he was not surprised to hear it, and
 SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVICE THAT CH
whores but they'ld do't! Enter CLEOPATRA ENOBARBUS. Hush! Here comes Antony. CHARMIAN. Not he; the Queen. CLEOPATRA. Saw you my lord? ENOBARBUS. No, lady. CLEOPATRA. Was he not he
D SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES
come from my niece, and that she's in love with him. MARIA. My purpose is, indeed, a horse of that colour. AGUECHEEK. And your horse now would make him an ass. MARIA. Ass, I doubt not. AGUECHEEK. 
ent? He said the folk were not fit for us to know, when all father's friends were to be there. And he said that I had nothing fit to wear, when I had my purple plush that I had nev
ible point of view. On the face of it you must admit, however, that it is very strange that his two servants should have been in a conspiracy against him and should have attacked him on the
oath to pay him before his day. What need I be so forward with him that calls not on me? Well, 'tis no matter; honour pricks me on. Yea, but how if honour prick me off when I come on? How then? Can h
TRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DIS
TRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERVI
STRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED COMMERCIALLY. PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY SERV
arry the wine in; we'll drink within. Exit ANNE PAGE SLENDER. O heaven! this is Mistress Anne Page. PAGE. How now, Mistress Ford! FALSTAFF. Mistress For
s from the vasty deep. Hot. Why, so can I, or so can any man; But will they come when you do call for them? Glend. Why, I can teach you, cousin, to command the devil. Hot. And I can teach thee, coz
npaved eunuch to boot, can never amend. Exeunt musicians Enter CYMBELINE and QUEEN SECOND LORD. Here comes the King. CLOTEN. I am glad I was up so late, for that's the reason I was up so early. He 
cept distracted thanks. Exeunt TROILUS, AENEAS. and ULYSSES THERSITES. Would I could meet that rogue Diomed! I would croak like a raven; I would bode, I would bode. Patroclus will give 
 by land, And winds of all the comers kiss'd your sails, To make your vessel nimble. PHILARIO. Welcome, sir. POSTHUMUS. I hope the briefness of your answer made The speediness of your return. I
of the Station and took a cab back to Baker Street. CHAPTER VII The Conclusion We had all been warned to appear before the magistrates upon the Thursday; but when the Thursda
, Juliet? Jul. Madam, I am not well. Lady. Evermore weeping for your cousin's death? What, wilt thou wash him from his grave with tears? An if thou couldst, thou couldst not make him live. There
 by the Capitol. THIRD CITIZEN. Your name, sir, truly. CINNA. Truly, my name is Cinna. FIRST CITIZEN. Tear him to pieces, he's a conspirator. CINNA. I am Cinna the poet, I am Cinna t
And who bought the mines of Todman and of Lee that came into the market in the same way last year?" "The same company, Brother Morris." "And who bought
e I have been here I have been conscious of shadows all round me. Life has become like that great Grimpen Mire, with little green patches everywhere into which one ma
e through the sash and pushed back the catch. Then he flung open the window, and putting his knife through the crack in the shutters, he thrust the bar up and swung them open. "From where I lay I had
ethought I was- there is no man can tell what. Methought I was, and methought I had, but man is but a patch'd fool, if he will off
es. CANIDIUS. Who's his lieutenant, hear you? SOLDIER. They say one Taurus. CANIDIUS. Well I know the man. Enter a MESSENGER MESSENGER. The Emperor calls Canidius. CANIDIUS. 
rt? I think it is. And doth affection breed it? I think it doth. Is't frailty that thus errs? It is so too. And have not we affections, Desires for sport, and frailty, as men have? Then let t
und their courage Worthy his frowning at. Their discipline, Now mingled with their courages, will make known To their approvers they are people such That
 me, at whose suit? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. I know not at whose suit he is arrested well; But he's in a suit of buff which 'rested him, that can I tell. Will you send him, mistress, redempt
ADES. I know thee well; But in thy fortunes am unlearn'd and strange. TIMON. I know thee too; and more than that I know the
 cloak of? SIMPCOX. Red, master; red as blood. GLOUCESTER. Why, that's well said. What colour is my gown of? SIMPCOX. Black, fors
 Peace! Let us hear what Antony can say. ANTONY. You gentle Romans- ALL. Peace, ho! Let us hear him. ANTONY. Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears! I come to
. THIRD MURTHERER. Almost a mile, but he does usually- So all men do -from hence to the palace gate Make it their walk. SECOND MURTHERER. A light, a light! Enter Banquo, and Fleance with a tor
y thoughts, Wherewith already France is overrun. Enter a third MESSENGER THIRD MESSENGER. My gracious lords, to add to your laments, Wherewith you now bedew King Henry's hea
 Beat. O, God help me! God help me! How long have you profess'd apprehension? Marg. Ever since you left it. Doth not my
the horse; wert thou a horse, thou wouldst be seiz'd by the leopard; wert thou a leopard, thou wert german to the lion, and the spots of thy kindred were ju
IGHBOUR. Here, neighbour Horner, I drink to you in a cup of sack; and fear not, neighbour, you shall do well enough. SECOND NEIGHBOUR. And here, neighbour, here's a
thiere, and Eduardo Lucas. I will see each of them." I glanced at my morning paper. "Is that Eduardo Lucas of Godolphin Street?" "
E withdraw] KING EDWARD. Now tell me, madam, do you love your children? LADY GREY. Ay, full as dearly as I love myself. KING EDWARD. And would you not do much to do them good? LADY GREY. To do 
mbles withal. ORLANDO. Who doth he gallop withal? ROSALIND. With a thief to the gallows; for though he go as softly as foot can fall, he thinks himself too soon there. ORLANDO. Who
n word for three farthings. Three farthings- remuneration. 'What's the price of this inkle?'- 'One penny.'- 'No, I'll give you a remuneration.' Why, it carries it. Remunerati
 shalt awake, Shall Romeo by my letters know our drift; And hither shall he come; and he and I Will watch thy waking, and that very night Shall Romeo bear 
r approbation. CORIOLANUS. Where? At the Senate House? SICINIUS. There, Coriolanus. CORIOLANUS. May I ch
 he marry her? LAUNCE. No, neither. SPEED. What, are they broken? LAUNCE. No, they are both as whole as a fish. SPEED. Why then, how stands the matter wi
. Thou art not altogether a fool. FOOL. Nor thou altogether a wise man. As much foolery as I have, so much wit thou lack'st. APEMANTUS. That answer might have be
 walked down to the Boscombe Pool, which is a small lake formed by the spreading out of the stream which runs down the Boscombe Valley. He had been out with his serving-man in the morning at Ross, an
ho spoke of love? Who told me how the poor soul did forsake The mighty Warwick and did fight for me? Who told me, in the field at Tewksbury When Oxford had me down, he 
this world- No, not all these, thrice gorgeous ceremony, Not all these, laid in bed majestical, Can sleep so soundly as the wretched slave Who, with a bod
ether I wake or sleep. PROTEUS. A silly answer, and fitting well a sheep. SPEED. This proves me still a sheep. PROTEUS. True; and thy master a shepherd. SPEED. Nay, that I can deny by a circumstance
r as I know." "That's lucky for him--in fact, it's lucky for all of you, since you are all on the wrong side of the law in this matter. I am not sure that as a
 You thought, because he could not speak English in the native garb, he could not therefore handle an English cudgel; you find it otherwise, and henceforth let a Welsh corre
, my Lord Chamberlain. CHAMBERLAIN. Good day to both your Graces. SUFFOLK. How is the King employ'd? CHAMBERLAIN. I left him private, Full of sad thoughts and troubles. NORF
n for dancing measures. DUKE SENIOR. Stay, Jaques, stay. JAQUES. To see no pastime I. What you would have I'll stay to know at your abandon'd cave. Exit DUKE SENIOR. Proceed, p
er Chamberlain. Cham. At hand, quoth pickpurse. Gads. That's even as fair as- 'at hand, quoth the chamberlain'; for thou variest no 
t during the last year to Mr. Cornelius. I confess that I should be interested to know who this Mr. Cornelius may be with whom a retired builder has such very large transactions. Is it poss
 un boitier vert-a box, a green-a box. Do intend vat I speak? A green-a box. QUICKLY. Ay, forsooth, I'll fetch it you. [Aside] I am glad he went not in himself; if he had found t
ster, am not I? ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. I think thou art in mind, and so am I. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Nay, mas
RO'S SERVANT. Thou art not altogether a fool. FOOL. Nor thou altogether a wise man. As much foolery as I have, so much wit thou lack'st. APEMANTUS. That answer might have become Apem
es me That this remotion of the Duke and her Is practice only. Give me my servant forth. Go tell the Duke and 's wife I'ld speak with them- Now, pr
study immediately below her. She did not see him, but she says that she could not be mistaken in his quick, firm tread. She did not hear the study door close, but a minute or so later th
being present save the father of the bride, Mr. Aloysius Doran, the Duchess of Balmoral, Lord Backwater, Lord Eustace and Lady Clara St. Simon (the younger brother and sister of the brid
[ They step aside.] Beat. Will you not tell me who told you so? Bene. No, you shall pardon me. Beat. Nor will you not te
orn against religion By what thou swear'st against the thing thou swear'st, And mak'st an oath the surety for thy truth Against an oath; the truth thou art unsure To swear swears only 
&c. KING. Here. SCRIBE. Say 'Katharine Queen of England, come into the court.' CRIER. Katharine Quee
? Is there no derogation in't? SECOND LORD. You cannot derogate, my lord. CLOTEN. Not easily, I think. SECOND LORD. [Aside] You are a fool granted; therefore your issues, being foolish, do not deroga
ood-stained water in the basin, where he had washed his hands, and marks on the sheets where he had delib
 world, I think my wife be honest, and think she is not; I think that thou art just, and think thou art not. I'll have some proof. Her name, that was as fresh As Dian's visage, is now begrimed an
ay, not sound I pray you. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Sure ones, then. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Nay, not sure, in a thing fal
st sworn against religion By what thou swear'st against the thing thou swear'st, And mak'st an oath the suret
ll be even with thee, doubt it not. ENOBARBUS. But why, why, CLEOPATRA. Thou hast forspoke my being in these wars, And say'st it is not fit. ENOBARBUS. Well, is it, is it? CL
his end where it begun; We'll calm the Duke of Norfolk, you your son. GAUNT. To be a make-peace shall become my age. Throw down, my son, the Duke of N
o wonder that he and his family have some of the more implacable spirits upon their track. You can understand that this register and diary may implicate some of the first 
. What's the boy Malcolm? Was he not born of woman? The spirits that know All mortal consequences have pronounced me thus: "Fear not, Macbeth; no man that's born of woman 
my king and master; so much my office. KING HENRY. What is thy name? I know thy quality. MONTJOY. Montjoy. KING HENRY. Thou dost thy office fairly. Turn the
s intimation! yet a kind of insinuation, as it were, in via, in way, of explication; facere, as it were, replication, or rather, ostentare, to show, as it were, his inclination, after his undressed,
oy! a Cornish name; art thou of Cornish crew? KING HENRY. No, I am a Welshman. PISTOL. Know'st thou Fluellen? KING HENRY. Yes. PISTOL. Tell him I'll knock his leek about his pate Upon 
o Katherina Suitors to Bianca GREMIO HORTENSIO Servants to Lucentio TRANIO BIONDELLO Servants to Pet
 Government, would procure my friend's release. I knew that my husband had come to England. After months of searching I discovered where he was. I knew that he still 
us lie, being but half fish and half a monster? CALIBAN. Lo, how he mocks me! Wilt thou let him, my lord? TRINCULO. 'Lord' quoth he! That a monster should be such a natural! CALIBAN. Lo, lo again! Bi
n letters. Hence I try to find out who were his correspondents." "I fear I cannot help you much. His only correspondent, so far as I know, was his own father." "Who wrote to him o
I beseech your Grace; I am not yet well breath'd. FREDERICK. How dost thou, Charles? LE BEAU. He cannot speak, my lord. FREDERICK. Bear him away. What is th
h but one for herself; to desire that were a shame. LONGAVILLE. Pray you, sir, whose daughter? BOYET. Her mother's, I have heard. LONGAVILLE. God's blessing on your beard! BOYET. Good sir, be not off
this unhappy business, Bannister," said his master. "Yes, sir." "I understand," said Holmes, "that you left your key in the door?" "Yes, sir." "Was it not very extraordinary t
rs, spread yourselves. QUINCE. Answer, as I call you. Nick Bottom, the weaver. BOTTOM. Ready. Name what part I am for, and proceed. QUINCE. You, Nick Bottom, are set down for Pyramus
l awry. I must offend before I be attainted; And had I twenty times so many foes, And each of them had twenty times their power, All these could not procure me any sca
OF SYRACUSE. Satan, avoid! I charge thee, tempt me not. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Master, is this Mistress Satan? ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. It is the devil. DROMIO OF SY
 you call things by their right names. You say I murdered Peter Carey; I say I killed Peter Carey, a
the earth Of its right father. Blossom, speed thee well! [Laying down the child] There lie, and there thy character; there these [Laying down a bundle] Which may, if fortune please
ll me for my fault, I should Have died had I not made it. BELARIUS. Whither bound? IMOGEN. To Milford Haven. BELARIUS. What's your name?
 be sent for soon at night. Re-enter PRINCE JOHN, the LORD CHIEF JUSTICE, with officers CHIEF JUSTICE. Go, carry Sir John Falstaff to the Fleet; Tak
y gratis; and I thank thee for thee. Re-enter WESTMORELAND PRINCE JOHN. Now, have you left pursuit? WESTMORELAND. Retreat is made, and execution stay'd. PRINCE JOHN. Send
, call'd them Time-pleasers, flatterers, foes to nobleness. CORIOLANUS. Why, this was known before. BRUTUS. Not to them all. CORIOLANUS. Have you inform'd them sithence? BRUTUS. Ho
like me to see thy lord, who long'st- O, let me 'bate!- but not like me, yet long'st, But in a fainter kind- O, not like me, For mine's beyond beyond!-say, and speak t
 cause and effect. It is no wonder that he and his family have some of the more implacable spirits upon their track. You can understand that this register and diary may implicate some of the first
s sear mine eyeballs. And thy hair, Thou other gold-bound brow, is like the first. A third is like the former. Filthy hags! Why do you show me this? A fourth! Start, eyes! What, 
se hands could so redeem my son, As they have given these hairs their liberty!' But now I envy at their liberty, And will again commit them to their bonds, Because my poor child is a pr
be of what I hate, But thankful even for hate that is meant love. Cap. How, how, how, how, choplogic? What is this? 'Pr
he Conclusion We had all been warned to appear before the magistrates upon the Thursday; but when the Thursday came ther
r rather, Patent-leathers stood still while Square-toes walked up and down. I could read all that in the dust; and I could read that as he walked he grew more
Pulling out a paper] of her condition. 'Inprimis: She can fetch and carry.' Why, a horse can do no more; nay, a horse cannot fetch, but only carry; therefore is she better than a ja
esterday afternoon, which told us of your discovery." "I must see the Duke, Mr. Wilder." "But he is in his room." "Then I must go to his room." "I believe he is in his bed." "I will see him there.
thing. 'Tis shame for us all, so God sa' me, 'tis shame to stand still; it is shame, by my hand; and there is throats to be cut, and works to be done; and there ish nothing done,
 speak with you, will you or no. OLIVIA. Of what personage and years is he? MALVOLIO. Not yet old enough for a man, nor young enough for a boy; as a squash is before 'tis a peascod, or a c
an?" she asked, facing round to me. "No, his friend. He wished us to leave him alone. He is round in the stable lane now." "The stable lane?" She raised her dark eyebrows. "What can he h
 fool from him. NESTOR.Who, Thersites? ULYSSES. He. NESTOR. Then will Ajax lack matter, if he have lost his argument ULYSSES. No; you see he is his argument that has his argument- 
y, and I think one business does command us all; for mine is money. TITUS. So is theirs and ours. Enter PHILOTUS LUCIUS' SERVANT. And Sir Philotus too! PHILOTUS. Good day at once. LUCIUS' SERVA
ld I knock? Is there any man has rebus'd your worship? PETRUCHIO. Villain, I say, knock me here soundly. GRUMIO. Knock you here, sir? Why, sir, what am I, sir, that I should knock you here,
ce, but full of charge, Of dear import; and the neglecting it May do much danger. Friar John, go hence, Get me an iron crow and bring it straight Unto my cell. John. Brother, I'll go and bring it the
r knave, I blame thee not, thou art o'erwatch'd. Call Claudio and some other of my men, I'll have them sleep on cushions in my tent. LUCIUS. Varro and Claudio! Enter Varro and Cla
 shin. ARMADO. We will talk no more of this matter. COSTARD. Till there be more matter in the shin. ARMADO. Sirrah Costard. I will enfranchise thee. COSTARD. O, Marry me to one Frances! I smell some 
EEN ELIZABETH. Shall I forget myself to be myself? KING RICHARD. Ay, if your self's remembrance wrong yourself. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Yet thou didst kill my children. KING RIC
Jonathan Small get the treasure himself? The answer is obvious. The chart is dated at a time when Morstan was brought into close association with convicts. Jonathan Small did not ge
O. I am content. KATHERINA. Are you content to stay? PETRUCHIO. I am content you shall entreat me st
e, ha? NORFOLK. Pray God he be not angry. KING HENRY. Who's there, I say? How dare you thrust yourselves Into my private meditations? Who am I, ha? NORFOLK. A gracious king that pardons all offence
gh to be able to block the west, and also to be able to say that the fugitives did not use the road at all." "But the bicycle?" I objected. "Quite so. We will come to the bicyc
ins? Hath he any eyes? Hath he any thinking? Sure, they sleep; he hath no use of them. Why, this boy will carry a letter twenty mile as easy as a 
r an hundred marks. I'll to the Queen. Exit OLD LADY. An hundred marks? By this light, I'll ha' more! An ordinary groom is for such payment. I wil
long. BOLINGBROKE. Why, Bishop, is Norfolk dead? CARLISLE. As surely as I live, my lord. BOLINGBROKE. 
. Come, I'll drink no proofs nor no bullets. I'll drink no more than will do me good, for no man's pleasure, I. PISTOL. Then to you, Mistress Dorothy; I will charge
e falls Melodious birds sings madrigals; There will we make our peds of roses, And a thousand fragrant posies. To shallow- Mercy on me! I have a great dispositions to cry. [Sings] Melodious bird
an I am? AGAMEMNON. No question. AJAX. Will you subscribe his thought and say he is? AGAMEMNON. No, noble Ajax; you are as strong, as valiant, as wise, no less 
it, Count. SECOND LORD. I am your accessary; and so farewell. BERTRAM. I grow to you, and our parting is a tortur'd body. FIRST LORD. Farewell, Captain. SECOND LORD. Sweet Monsieur Parolles! PARO
ion and the king of beasts? KING RICHARD. A king of beasts, indeed! If aught but beasts, I had been still a happy king of men. Good sometimes queen, prepare thee hence for France. T
to live long! England ne'er lost a king of so much worth. GLOUCESTER. England ne'er had a king until his time. Virtue he had, deserving to command; His brandish'd sword did bl
ous days when I watched the little working gangs as once I watched the criminal world of London." "But how did you get to work again?" "Ah, I have often marvelled at i
. He was ever too hard for him, I have heard him say so himself. FIRST SERVANT. He was too hard for h
th my mistress. SOOTHSAYER. You shall outlive the lady whom you serve. CHARMIAN. O, excellent! I love long life better than figs. SOOTHSAYER. 
t is all this? Bad business! Bad business! Stern facts here,--no room for theories. How lucky that I happened to be out
ll follow her. QUEEN MARGARET. Come, son, away; we may not linger thus. Exeunt QUEEN MARGARET and the 
nce, the mighty Duke of York! SOMERSET. [Aside] Perish, base Prince, ignoble Duke of York! GLOUCESTER. Now will it best avail your Majesty To cros
o them both, and they shall be exchequers to me; they shall be my East and West Indies, and I will trade t
 Jasons, we have won the fleece. SALERIO. I would you had won the fleece that he hath lost. PORTIA. There are some s
er man than I am? AGAMEMNON. No question. AJAX. Will you subscribe his thought and say he is? AGAMEMNON. No, noble Ajax; you are as strong, as valiant, as wise, no less noble, much more gentl
es, fools, dolts! chaff and bran, chaff and bran! porridge after meat! I could live and die in the eyes of Troilus. Ne'er look, ne'er look; the eagles are gone. Crows and daws, crows and daws! I had 
 wit and fortune will. TOUCHSTONE. Or as the Destinies decrees. CELIA. Well said; that was laid on with a trowel. TOUCHSTONE. Nay, if I keep not my
urmur'd her moans, Sing willow, willow, willow; Her salt tears fell from her, and soften'd the stones-" Lay be these- [Sings.] "Sing wi
. DUCHESS. O, let me speak! KING RICHARD. Do, then; but I'll not hear. DUCHESS. I will be mild and gentle in my words. KING RICHARD. And brief, good mother; for I a
t unto us In our dear peril. FIRST SENATOR. It requires swift foot. Exeunt SCENE II. Before the walls of Athens Enter two other SENATORS with a MESSENGER FIRST SENATOR.
 done. When you speak, sweet, I'd have you do it ever. When you sing, I'd have you buy and sell so; so give alms; Pray so; and, for the ord'ring your affairs, To sing them too. When you do
rue blank of thine eye. Lear. Now by Apollo- Kent. Now by Apollo, King, Thou swear'st thy gods in vain. Lear. O vassal! miscreant! [Lays his hand on his sword.] Alb., Corn. Dear sir, f
s, And my large kingdom for a little grave, A little little grave, an obscure grave- Or I'll be buried in the king's high way, Some way of common trade, where subjects' feet May hourly tramp
 "You have but to name it." "This photograph!" The King stared at him in amazement. "Irene's photograph!" he cried. "Certainly, if you wish it." "I thank your Majesty. Then there is no more to be don
 things he speaks May concern Caesar. SECOND WATCH. Let's do so. But he sleeps. CENTURION. Swoons rather; for so bad a prayer as his Was never yet for sleep. FIRST WATCH. Go we to him. SECOND WATCH.
g, and return All in an hour. GRATIANO. We have not made good preparation. SALERIO. We have not spoke us yet of torch-bearers. SOLANIO. 'Tis vile, unless it may be quaintly ordered; And 
ever fear me. I am as vigilant as a cat to steal cream. Prince. I think, to steal cream indeed, for thy theft hath already made thee butter. But tell me, Jack, whose fellows are these th
nse. <Exeunt SCENE 2 Before the house of ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS Enter LUCIANA with ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE LUCIANA. And may it be that you have quite forgot A husband's office? Shall, An
 see meat fill knaves and wine heat fools. SECOND LORD. Fare thee well, fare thee well. APEMANTUS. Thou art a fool to bid me farewell twice. SECOND LORD. Why, Apemantus? 
he customary gown. FOURTH CITIZEN. You have deserved nobly of your country, and you have not deserved nobly. CORIOLANUS. Your eni
 very much." "Would you? That is easily done. Come this way. You can leave your bag." "No, I think that I'll take it." "Very good. Come this way, if you please." He 
e not young, no more am I; go to, then, there's sympathy. You are merry, so am I; ha! ha! then there's more sympathy. You love sack, and so 
rom me to you. Ham. What man dost thou dig it for? Clown. For no man, sir. Ham. What woman then? Clown. For none n
e use of a cipher message without the cipher?" "In this instance, none at all." "Why do you say 'in this instance'?" "Because there are many ciphers which I would read as easily as I do the a
 Arthur of Britaine England's King and yours. Enter ENGLISH HERALD, with trumpet ENGLISH HERALD. Rejoice, you men o
e tub. LUCIO. Why, 'tis good; it is the right of it; it must be so; ever your fresh whore and your powder'd bawd- an unshunn'd consequence; it must be so. Art goi
. Fal. Tut, never fear me. I am as vigilant as a cat to steal cream. Prince. I think, to steal cream indeed, for thy theft hath already made the
 that he had not been disappointed in his conclusions. "They have laid the supper, then," he said, rubbing his hands. "You seem to expect company. They have laid for five." "Yes
l watch, choose trusty sentinels. NORFOLK. I go, my lord. KING RICHARD. Stir with the lark to-morrow, gentle Norfolk. NORFOLK. I warrant you, my lord. Exit KING RICHARD. Catesby! CATESBY. My lord
so sad? SURREY. My heart is ten times lighter than my looks. KING RICHARD. My Lord of Norfolk! NORFOLK. Here, most gracious liege. KING RICHARD.
on. TITUS. Patient yourself, madam, and pardon me. These are their brethren, whom your Goths beheld Alive and dead; and for their brethren slain
ou mov'st in! Darkling stand The varying shore o' th' world. O Antony, Antony, Antony! Help, Charmian; help, 
ent] Enter, to his-tent, KING RICHARD, NORFOLK, RATCLIFF, and CATESBY KING RICHARD. What is't o'clock? CATESBY. It's supper-time, my lord; It's nine o'clock. KING RICHARD. I will not su
 No doubt, shall then, and till then, govern well. FIRST CITIZEN. So stood the state when Henry the Sixth Was crown'd in Paris but at nine months old. THIRD CITIZEN. Stood the state so? No
y; and there dwells one Mistress Quickly, which is in the manner of his nurse, or his dry nurse, or his cook, or his laundry, hi
ando; men are April when they woo, December when they wed: maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives. I will be more jealous of 
. Officer. Clubs, bills, and partisans! Strike! beat them down! Citizens. Down with the Capulets! Down with the Montagues! Enter Old C
 you will. FORD. Marry, sir, we'll bring you to Windsor, to one Master Brook, that you have cozen'd of money, to whom you should have been a pander. Over and above that you have su
s pure heart's truth, You would quickly learn to know him by his voice. SILVIA. Sir Proteus, as I take it. PROTEUS. Sir Proteus, ge
 him thither with modesty enough, and likelihood to lead it; as thus: Alexander died, Alexander was buried, Alexander returneth into dust; the dust is earth; o
surely in your line?" "It is what we call a cataract knife," said I. "I thought so. A very delicate blade devised for very delicate work. A s
ey That grudge one thought against your Majesty! ALL. Welcome, high Prince, the mighty Duke of York! SOMERSET. [Aside] Perish, base Prince, ignoble Duke of York! GLOUCESTER
IZEN. We'll bring him to his house with shouts and clamors. BRUTUS. My countrymen- SECOND CITIZEN. Peace! Silence! Brutus speaks. FIRST CITIZEN. Peace, ho! BRUTU
 thy love-springs rot? Shall love, in building, grow so ruinous? If you did wed my sister for her wealth, Then for her wealth's sak
 afraid that my colleague has been a little quick in forming his conclusions," he said. "But he is right. Oh! I know that he is right. James never did it. And about his quarrel with his father, I am
a, thou mountain-foreigner! Sir John and master mine, I combat challenge of this latten bilbo. Word of denial in thy labras here! Word of denial! Froth a
Ha, thou mountain-foreigner! Sir John and master mine, I combat challenge of this latten bilbo. Word of denial in thy labras here! Word of denial! Froth and scum, thou liest.
re: A landless knight makes thee a landed squire. Come, madam, and come, Richard, we must speed For France, for France, for it is mor
up. "'That would suit me very well,' said I. 'And the pay?' "'Is 4 a week.' "'And the work?' "'Is purely nominal.' "'What do you call purely nominal?' "'Well, you have to be in the office, or at
ring of love, thy love-springs rot? Shall love, in building, grow so ruinous? If you did wed my sister for her wealth, Then for her wealth'
how thou pleasest, God, dispose the day! Exeunt SCENE IV. The field of battle Alarum. Excursions. Enter FRENCH SOLDIER, PISTOL, and BOY PISTOL. Yield, cur! FRENCH SOLDIER. Je pense que
e will come presently, and here he will find Mahomet Singh and myself awaiting him. The place is lonely, and none shall know of his coming. The world shall know of the merchant Achmet no 
dy Strive to be interest; what can you say to draw A third more opulent than your sisters? Speak. Cor. Nothing, my lord. Lear. Nothing? Cor. Nothing. Lear. Nothing can come of nothing. Spea
n flesh. Come, cordial and not poison, go with me To Juliet's grave; for there must I use thee. Exeunt. Scene II. Verona. Friar Laurence's cell. Enter Friar John to Friar Laurence.
ather's soul, the work ish ill done; it ish give over; I would have blowed up the town, so Chrish save me, la, in an hour. O, tish ill done, tish ill done; b
t the person who came back was the person who went out. Then, again, the man who took the rooms spoke English well. This other, however, prints 'match' when it should have been 'ma
r, what with the sweat, what with the gallows, and what with poverty, I am custom-shrunk. Enter POMPEY How now! what's 
rs of the Scowrers." "Why, I seem to have read of the Scowrers in Chicago. A gang of murderers, are they not?" "Hush
er. He had been a pioneer in California, and could narrate many a strange tale of fortunes made and fortunes lost in those wild, halcyon days. He had been a scout too, and a trapper, a silver explo
ut absolute secrecy is quite essential--absolute secrecy, you understand, and of course we may expect that more from a man who is alone than from one 
s is a sorry sight. [Looks on his hands. LADY MACBETH. A foolish thought, to say a sorry sight. MACBETH. There's one did 
'd the issue of your womb, To quicken your increase I will beget Mine issue of your blood upon your daughter. A grandam's name is little less in love Than is the doat
not I? SECOND KEEPER. Ay, but thou talk'st as if thou wert a king. KING HENRY. Why, so I am- in mind; and that's enough. SECOND KEEPER. But, if thou be
" " " MAECENAS, friend to Caesar AGRIPPA, " " " DOLABELLA, " " " PROCULEIUS, " " " THYREUS, " " " GALLUS, " " " MENAS, friend to Pompey MENECRATES, " " " VARRIUS, " " " TAURUS, Lieutenant-Gene
as reported. MACBETH. I'll fight, 'til from my bones my flesh be hack'd. Give me my armor. SEYTON. 'Tis not needed yet. MACBETH. I'll put it on. Send out more horses, skirr the
er a servant Saddle my horse. God for his mercy, what treachery is here! DUCHESS. Why, York, what is it, my lord? YORK. Give me my boots, I say; saddle my horse. Exit servant Now, by mine honour, 
illainy. GRUMIO. Error i' th' bill, sir; error i' th' bill! I commanded the sleeves should be cut out, and sew'd up again; and that I'll prove upon thee, though thy little fing
ow where I had been and what I had been doing, and whom my letters were from, and what I had in my pockets, and a thousand such follies. Day by day she grew queerer a
u far on, or are you at the farthest? PEDANT. Sir, at the farthest for a week or two; But then up far
, as her mother doth. KING RICHARD. Say I will love her everlastingly. QUEEN ELIZABETH. But how long shall that title 'ever' last? KING RICHARD. Sweetly in force unto her fair life's 
rt; Lend me your knees, and all my life to come I'll lend you all my life to do you service. DUKE. Against all sense you do importune her. Should she kneel down in 
FFOLK] We are busy; go. NORFOLK. [Aside to SUFFOLK] This priest has no pride in him! SUFFOLK. [Aside to NORFOLK]
ss over at a distance, TALBOT and his forces There goes the Talbot, with his colours spread, And all the troops of English after him. French march. Enter the DUKE OF BURGUNDY and his forces Now in t
RUTUS. Everything is well. CASSIUS. Good night, my lord. BRUTUS. Good night, good brother. TITINIUS. MESSALA. Good night, Lord Brutus. BRU
ome. Travel you far on, or are you at the farthest? PEDANT. Sir, at the farthest for a week or two; But then up farther, and as f
at I am touch'd with madness. Make not impossible That which but seems unlike: 'tis not impossible But one, the wicked'st caitiff on the ground, May seem as shy, as grave, as just, as
u, awake! VARRO. My lord? CLAUDIO. My lord? BRUTUS. Why did you so cry out, sirs, in your sleep? VARRO. CLAUDIO. Did we, my lord? BRUTUS. Ay, saw you anything? VARRO. No, my lord, I
r serving-man and your husband. SHALLOW. A good varlet, a good varlet, a very good varlet, Sir John.
ilippe, a daughter, Who married Edmund Mortimer, Earl of March; Edmund had issue, Roger Earl of March; Roger had issue, Edmund, Anne, and Eleanor. SALIS
esses were out of the way. We have no proof that the person who came back was the person who went out. Then, again, the man who took th
ter. Exit. Gon. This man hath had good counsel! A hundred knights? 'Tis politic and safe to let him keep At point a hundred knights; yes, that on every dream, Each buzz, each 
e I felt that something was being held back from me. Why should she turn so pale? Why should she fight against every admission until it was forced from her? Why shoul
aid Holmes. "It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. Can you remember any other little things about Mr. Hosmer Angel?" "He 
 I would it would make you invisible. VIOLA. Art not thou the Lady Olivia's fool? CLOWN. No, indeed, sir; the Lady Olivia has no folly; she will keep no fool,
 in his task that he had evidently forgotten my presence. Sometimes he was making progress and whistled and sang at his work; sometimes he was puzzl
l scream and the crickets cry. Did not you speak? MACBETH. When? LADY MACBETH. Now. MACBETH. As I descended? LADY MACBETH. Ay. MACBETH.
here, and I have now met all the neighbours. The figure was far taller than that of Stapleton, far thinner than that of Frankland. Barrymore 
ilosopher. Wast ever in court, shepherd? CORIN. No, truly. TOUCHSTONE. Then thou art damn'd. CORIN. Nay, I hope. TOUCHSTONE. Truly, thou art damn'd, like an ill-roasted egg, all on o
 of god art thou, that suffer'st more Of mortal griefs than do thy worshippers? What are thy rents? What are thy comings-in? O Ceremony, show me but thy worth! What is thy s
ness will speak, Though tongues were out of use. Enter Emilia. EMILIA. 'Las, what's the matter? What's the matter, husband? IAGO. Cassio hath here been set on in the 
nd thou no more art prince than she is queen. OXFORD. Then Warwick disannuls great John of Gaunt, Which did subdue the greatest part of Spain; And, after John of Gaunt, Henry
s voice broke in upon my thoughts: "You are right, Watson," said he. "It does seem a most preposterous way of settling a dispute." "Most preposterous!" I exclaimed, and then sud
 prelate Whom Henry, our late sovereign, ne'er could brook! Thou art no friend to God or to the King. Open the gates, or I'll shut thee out shortly. SERVING-MEN. Open the gates unto the Lord P
 us all. ELBOW. Varlet, thou liest; thou liest, wicket varlet; the time is yet to come that she was ever respected with man, woman, or child. POMPEY. Sir, she was respected with him be
lly some huge hound loose upon it; that would go far to explain everything. But where could such a hound lie concealed, where did it get its food, where did it come from, how was it that no one saw 
his own house. I suppose you haven't such a thing as a carriage in your stables?" "No; I have not." "I can hardly put my foot to the ground." "Don't put it to the ground.
e light and light it grows. Rom. More light and light- more dark and dark our woes! Enter Nurse. Nurse. Madam! Jul. Nurse? Nurse. Your lady mother is coming to your chamber
love with Hermia DEMETRIUS, in love with Hermia PHILOSTRATE, Master of the Revels to Theseus QUINCE, a carpenter SNUG, a joiner BOTTOM, a weaver FLUTE, a bellows-mender SNOUT, a ti
. I am not in the giving vein to-day. BUCKINGHAM. May it please you to resolve me in my suit. KING RICHARD. Thou troublest me; I am not in the vein. Exeunt all but Buckingham BUCKINGHAM. 
re. THIRD CITIZEN. How, not your own desire? CORIOLANUS. No, sir, 'twas never my desire yet to trouble the poor with begging. THIRD CITIZEN. YOU MUST think, if we give you anything, we hope to gain 
e in. LUCE. [Within] Can you tell for whose sake? DROMIO OF EPHESUS. Master, knock the door hard. LUCE. [Within] Let him knock till it ache. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. You'll cry for this, min
 that. JULIA. [Aside] She needs not, when she knows it cowardice. THURIO. What says she to my birth? PROTEUS. That you are well deriv'd. JULIA. [Aside] True; from a gentleman to a fool. THURIO. Consi
 gates] FIRST SOLDIER. Fool-hardiness; not I. SECOND SOLDIER. Not I. [MARCIUS is shut in] FIRST SOLDIER. See, they have shut him in. ALL. To
 get your father's heir; Your father's heir must have your father's land. ROBERT. Shall then my father's will be of no force To dispossess that child which is not his? BASTARD. Of no more force to di
OW. Here, sir. FALSTAFF. Shadow, whose son art thou? SHADOW. My mother's son, sir. FALSTAFF. Thy mother'
r Cobweb; good mounsieur, get you your weapons in your hand and kill me a red-hipp'd humble-bee on the top of a thistle; and, good mounsieur, bring me the honey-bag. Do not fret yourse
the Duke say 'Let him roar again, let him roar again.' QUINCE. An you should do it too terribly, you would fr
r being a Puritan? Thy exquisite reason, dear knight? AGUECHEEK. I have no exquisite reason for't, but I have reason good enough. MARIA
e. What call you rich? Let them coin his nose, let them coin his cheeks. I'll not pay a denier. What, will you make a younker of me? Shall I n
eave me, Iago. IAGO. [Going.] My lord, I take my leave. OTHELLO. Why did I marry? This honest creature doubtless Sees and knows more, much more, than he unfolds. IAGO. [Returning.] My lord, I wou
 a hair. PANDARUS. Farewell, sweet queen. HELEN. Commend me to your niece. PANDARUS. I will, sweet queen. Exit. Sound a retreat PARIS. They're come 
les her. EMILIA. [Within.] My lord, my lord! What, ho! my lord, my lord! OTHELLO. What noise is this? Not dead? not yet q
eed especially against Caius Marcius? FIRST CITIZEN. Against him first; he's a very dog to the commonalty. SECOND CITIZEN. Consider you what services he has done for his country? FIRST CITIZEN. V
ogue! I think, i'faith, she loves me. OTHELLO. Now he denies it faintly and laughs it out. IAGO. Do you hear, Cassio? OTHELLO. Now he importunes him To tell it o'er. Go to; 
the Jew his will. BASSANIO. For thy three thousand ducats here is six. SHYLOCK. If every ducat in six thousand ducats Were in six parts, and every part a ducat, I would
se what a mockery should it be to swear! But thou dost swear only to be forsworn; And most forsworn to keep what thou dost swear. Therefore thy late
 he will offer to say what methought I had. The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man's hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to r
s look'd upon, was the best deserving a fair lady. PORTIA. I remember him well, and I remember him worthy of thy prais
tinctive feature of the case. Why should the bell ring? Was it the thief who did it out of bravado? Or was it some one who was with the thief who di
a tinker HOSTESS PAGE PLAYERS HUNTSMEN SERVANTS BAPTISTA MINOLA, a gentleman of Padua VINCENTIO, a Merchant of Pisa LUCENTIO, son to Vincentio, in love with Bianca PETRUCHIO, a gentleman of Verona,
 on Eglamour Than for the love of reckless Silvia. Exit PROTEUS. And I will follow, more for Silvia's love Than hate of Eglamour, that goes with her. Exit JULIA. And I will foll
a task. What was he doing there at all? If his purpose were innocent, why did he not say so?" "Precisely. And if it were guilty, why did he not invent a
son. He is such an inscrutable fellow that I never quite know what to make of him. Do you think he is hopeful? Do you think he expects 
 with the folly. Follow me, Ned. Exeunt SCENE III. Warkworth. Before the castle Enter NORTHUMBERLAND, LADY NORTHUMBERLAND, and LADY PERCY NORTHUMBERLAND. I pray thee, loving wife, and gentle daugh
 tell me so, I'd not believe thee. Henceforth guard thee well; For I'll not kill thee there, nor there, nor there; But, by the forge that stithied Mars his helm, I'll 
Shall win the wager which we will propose. HORTENSIO. Content. What's the wager? LUCENTIO. Twenty crowns. PETRUCHIO. Twenty crowns? I'll venture so m
ke. Our posts shall be swift and intelligent betwixt us. Farewell, dear sister; farewell, my Lord of Gloucester. Enter [Oswald the] Steward. How now? Where's the King? Osw. My Lord of Glouces
e; for in everything the purpose must weigh with the folly. Follow me, Ned. Exeunt SCENE III. Warkworth. Before the castle Enter NORTHUMBERLAND, LADY NORTHUMBERLAND, and LADY PERCY NORTHUMBERLAND. I
 HUBERT. So well that what you bid me undertake, Though that my death were adjunct to my act, By heaven, I would do it. KING JOHN. Do not I know thou wouldst? Good Hubert, Hubert, Hubert, throw
ing. Hast thou forgot The foul witch Sycorax, who with age and envy Was grown into a hoop? Hast thou forgot her? ARIEL. No, sir. PRO
 that it was Leadenhall Street." "Where did you address your letters, then?" "To the Leadenhall Street Post Office, to be left
unwilling and, for mine own part, have a desire to stay with my friends; else, sir, I did not care for mine own part so much. BARDOLPH. Go to; stand aside. MOULDY. And, goo
sueless shalt hap to die, The world will wail thee like a makeless wife, The world will be thy widow and still weep, That thou no form of thee hast left behind, When every private widow well may kee
as a new dollar. My God, whoever would have thought that it could have come to this? Whoever would have dreamed it? "'I used to be home for the week-en
Ah, if thou issueless shalt hap to die, The world will wail thee like a makeless wife, The world will be thy widow and still weep, That thou no form of thee hast left behind, When every
 sleep on cushions in my tent. LUCIUS. Varro and Claudio! Enter Varro and Claudio. VARRO. Calls my lord? BRUTUS. I pray you, sirs, li
u may suppose in me That I enjoy, being the Queen thereof. QUEEN MARGARET. As little joy enjoys the Queen thereof; For I am she, and altogether joyless. I can no longer 
 'tis that we forget To pay ourselves what to ourselves is debt. What to ourselves in passion we propose, The passion ending, doth the purpose lose. The violence of either grief or joy Their
is title out. YORK. The time hath been, Would you have been so brief with him, he would Have been so brief 
vident to me that our unfortunate client was lost. "That is final," said Lestrade. "Yes, that is final," I involuntarily echoed. "It is final," said Holmes. Something in his tone caught
 Marry, sir, such claim as you would lay to your horse; and she would have me as a beast: not that, I being a beast, she would have me; but that she, being a very 
 my dear son with such sour company. I bring thee tidings of the Prince's doom. Rom. What less than doomsday is the Prince's doom? Friar. A gentler judgment vanish'd from his lips- Not body's d
rost. ARIEL. I do not, sir. PROSPERO. Thou liest, malignant thing. Hast thou forgot The foul witch Sycorax, who with age and envy Was grown into a hoop? Hast thou forgot her? ARIEL. No, s
em! Gluttony and diseases make them: I make them not. FALSTAFF. If the cook help to make the gluttony, you help to make the diseases, Doll. We catch of you, Doll, we catc
-married wife about her husband's neck, hardly to be shook off. Je quand sur le possession de France, et quand vous avez le possession de moi- let me see, what then? Saint Denis be my speed!- don
 probably been in the pay of Moriarty, and had left the two men together. And then what had happened? Who was to tell us what had happened then? I stood for a minute or two to collect myself, for I w
d. Call Claudio and some other of my men, I'll have them sleep on cushions in my tent. LUCIUS. Varro and Claudio! Enter Varro and Claudio. VARRO. Calls my lord? BRUTUS. I pray you, sirs, 
e devour'd. Of charity, what kin are you to me? What countryman, what name, what parentage? VIOLA. Of Messaline; Sebastian was my father. Such a Sebastian was my brother too; S
hy, stand-under and under-stand is all one. SPEED. But tell me true, will't be a match? LAUNCE. Ask my dog. If he say ay, it will; if he say no, it will; if he shake his tail and say
h dog, thou hast undone her. Woe to her chance, and damn'd her loathed choice! Accurs'd the offspring of so foul a fiend! CHIRON. It shall not live. AARON. It shall not die. NURSE. Aaron, 
 OF SYRACUSE. Why, but there's many a man hath more hair than wit. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Not a man of those but he hath the wit to lose his hair. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Why, thou d
, being altogether wanting, It doth remember me the more of sorrow; Or if of grief, being altogether had, It adds more sor
ther contingencies fail, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Here all other contingencies have failed. W
s whether we should go on to this Mrs. Oakshott to-night, or whether we should reserve it for to-morrow. It is clear from what that surly fellow said that t
d ducats- well. BASSANIO. Ay, sir, for three months. SHYLOCK. For three months- well. BASSANIO. For the wh
 accuseth him; a man cannot swear, but it checks him; a man cannot lie with his neighbour's wife, but it 
you wot on. SECOND SERVANT. Who, my master? FIRST SERVANT. Nay, it's no matter for that. SECOND SERVANT. Worth s
n your ear. Sir, I say to you, it is thought you are false knaves. Bora. Sir, I say to you we are none. Dog. Well, stand as
 Caesar weep? AGRIPPA. [Aside to ENOBARBUS] He has a cloud in's face. ENOBARBUS. [Aside to AGRIPPA] He were the worse for that, were he a horse; So is he, being a man. AGRIPPA. [Aside to
 eloquent in my behalf to her. QUEEN ELIZABETH. An honest tale speeds best being plainly told. KING RICHARD. Then plainly to her tell my loving tale. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Plain and 
o blow a horn before her? Enter LADY FAULCONBRIDGE, and JAMES GURNEY O me, 'tis my mother! How now, good lady! What brings you here to court so hastily? LADY FAULCONBRIDGE. Where is t
gs. KING RICHARD. My father's death- QUEEN ELIZABETH. Thy life hath it dishonour'd. KING RICHARD. Why, then, by God- QUEEN ELIZABETH. God's wrong is most of all. If thou didst fe
US OF SYRACUSE, ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS, DROMIO OF SYRACUSE, and DROMIO OF EPHESUS DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Master, shall I fetch your stuf
shrewd, sidelong look. "The man that was clever enough to hunt me down is clever enough to pick an iron box from the bottom of a river. Now that t
thy quips and thy quiddities? What a plague have I to do with a buff jerkin? Prince. Why, what a pox have I to do with my hostess of the tavern? Fal. Well, thou hast call'd her to a recko
 how, how, how, choplogic? What is this? 'Proud'- and 'I thank you'- and 'I thank you not'- And yet 'not proud'? Mistress minion you, Thank me no thankings, nor proud me no pro
et it. Come hither, Moor. I here do give thee that with all my heart Which, but thou hast already, with all my heart I would keep from thee. For your sake, je
 Unless the deed go with it. From this moment The very firstlings of my heart shall be The firstlings of my hand. And even now, To crown my thoughts with acts, be it thought and done: The
murder, to make him a king! Edward thy son, that now is Prince of Wales, For Edward our son, that was Prince of Wales, Die in his youth by like untimely violence! Thyself a queen, f
e thy light; Moon, take thy flight. [Exit MOONSHINE] Now die, die, die, die, die. [Dies] DEMETRIUS. No
ulty in getting out of it, for the very simple reason that I never was in it." "You never were in it?" "No, Watson, I never was in it. My
g at the half opened door, and now she entered the room. "You have done enough for now, Cecil," said she. "Whatever comes of it in the future, you have done enough." "Enough and more
father, I do perceive here a divided duty. To you I am bound for life and education; My life and education both do learn me How to respect you; you are the lord of du
Tongue, lose thy light; Moon, take thy flight. [Exit MOONSHINE] Now die, die, die, die, die. [Dies] DEMETRIUS. No die, but an ace, for him; for he is but one. LYSANDER. Less than 
l ne'er wear hair on's face that had it. GRATIANO. He will, an if he live to be a man. NERISSA. Ay, if a woman live to be a man. GRATIANO. Now by this hand I gave it to a youth, A kind of b
ot like a nuptial. Hero. 'True!' O God! Claud. Leonato, stand I here? Is this the Prince, Is this the Prince's brother? Is this face He
as possible--arm-in-arm, in all probability. When they got inside they walked up and down the room--or rather, Patent-leathers stood still while Square-toes walked up and down. I could read
o not well understand that. Will you play upon this pipe? Guil. My lord, I cannot. Ham. I pray you. Guil. Believe me, I cannot. Ham. I do beseech yo
t meddle with it-it makes a man coward: a man cannot steal, but it accuseth him; a man cannot swear, but it checks him; a man cannot lie with his neighbour's wife, but it detects him. 'Tis a blushin
ivant TRESSEL and BERKELEY, gentlemen attending on Lady Anne ELIZABETH, Queen to King Edward IV MARGARET, widow of King Henry VI DUCHESS OF YORK, mother to King Edward IV LADY ANNE, widow of Edwa
r, I have mistook; This is the ring you sent to Silvia. PROTEUS. But how cam'st thou by this ring? At my depart I gave this unto Julia. JULIA. And Julia herself did give it me; And Julia herself ha
s an American citizen, but he's doing time in Portland all the same. It cuts no ice with a British copper to tell him you're an American citizen. 'It's Br
t my Lord Protector. SUFFOLK. How now, fellow! Wouldst anything with me? FIRST PETITIONER. I pray, my lord, pardon me; I took ye for my Lord Protector. QUEEN. [Reads] 'To my Lord P
d therefore it is more than the salt; the hair that covers the wit is more than the wit, for the greater hides the less. What's next? SPEED. 'And more faults t
e not home because you have no stomach, You have no stomach, having broke your fast; But we, that know what 'tis to fast and pray, Are penitent for your defaul
n; When you have vow'd, you must not speak with men But in the presence of the prioress; Then, if you speak, you must not show your face, Or, if you show your face, you must not speak. He 
Makes only wars on thee. Bid them all fly; For when I am reveng'd upon my charm, I have done all. Bid them all fly; begone. Exit SCARUS O sun, thy uprise shall I see no more! For
t cannot find her. SHYLOCK. Why there, there, there, there! A diamond gone, cost me two thousand ducats in Frankfort! The curse never fell upon 
ow hath destroy'd my face. BOLINGBROKE. The shadow of your sorrow hath destroy'd The shadow of your face. KING RICHARD. Say that again. The shadow of my sorrow? Ha! let's see. 'Tis very true: my g
p was least likely to be. Then, again, whom was he waiting for that night, and why was he waiting for him in the Yew Alley rather than in his 
hould tear this hand For lifting food to't? But I will punish home! No, I will weep no more. In such a night 'To shut me out! Pour on; I will endure. In such a night as this! O Regan
t could not be judg'd, sir. SLENDER. You'll not confess, you'll not confess. SHALLOW. That he will not. 'Tis your fault; 'tis your fault; 'tis 
ictynna, goodman Dull; Dictynna, goodman Dull. DULL. What is Dictynna? NATHANIEL. A title to Phoebe, to Luna, to the moon. HOLOFERNES. The moon was a month old when Adam was no more, And raught not t
sual for burglars to operate at so early an hour; it is unusual for burglars to strike a lady to prevent her screaming, since one would imagine that was the sure way to 
 In respect that it is solitary, I like it very well; but in respect that it is private, it is a very vile life. Now in respect it is in the fields, it pleaseth me well; b
er? LADY FAULCONBRIDGE. Hast thou denied thyself a Faulconbridge? BASTARD. As faithfully as I deny the devil. LADY FAULCONBRIDGE. King Richard Coeur-de-lion wa
ught us to Mrs. Cecil Forrester's. The servant seemed surprised at so late a visitor. Mrs. Cecil Forrester was out for the evening, she explained, and likely to be very late. Miss Morstan, howev
t her name and three quarters, that's an ell and three quarters, will not measure her from hip to hip. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Then she bears some breadth? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. No
ily; marry, 'tis a wither'd pear; it was formerly better; marry, yet 'tis a wither'd pear. Will you anything with it? HELENA. Not my virginity yet. There shall your ma
 SON. Then the liars and swearers are fools, for there are liars and swearers enow to beat the honest men and hang up them. LADY
e shall get as much as he deserves.' As much as he deserves! Pause there, Morocco, And weigh thy value with an even hand. If thou beest rated by thy estimation, Thou 
 vessel. What's thy name? CORIOLANUS. Prepare thy brow to frown- know'st thou me yet? AUFIDIUS. I know thee not. Thy name? CORIOLANUS. My name is Caius Marcius, who hath d
have not forgotten what the inside of a church is made of, I am a peppercorn, a brewer's horse. The inside of a church! Company, v
 says she, "if my friends are not good enough for this house, then I am not good enough for it either." "You can do what you like," says I, "but if Fairbairn shows 
RL OF RUTLAND, his son GEORGE, afterwards DUKE OF CLARENCE, his son RICHARD, afterwards DUKE OF GLOUCESTER, his s
 issue arbitrate. KING JOHN. Our strong possession and our right for us! ELINOR. Your strong possession much more than your right, Or else it must go wrong with you
s- I will cut off their heads. Greg. The heads of the maids? Samp. Ay, the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads. Take it in what sense thou wilt. Greg. They must take it in sen
 must needs be friends with thee. COSTARD. I Pompey am, Pompey surnam'd the Big- DUMAIN. The Great. COSTARD. It is Great, sir. Pompey surnam'd the Great, That oft in field, with t
ange guest he has here. SECOND SERVANT. And I shall. Exit THIRD SERVANT. Where dwell'st thou? CORIOLANUS. Under the canopy. THIRD SERVANT. Under the canopy? CORIOLANUS. Ay. THIRD SERVANT. Where's t
but they? and they are gone. QUEEN ELIZABETH. Was never widow had so dear a loss. CHILDREN. Were never orphans had so dear a loss. DUCHESS. Was never mother had so dear a los
 eyes were worse. Far from her nest the lapwing cries away; My heart prays for him, though my tongue do curse. Enter DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Here go-the desk, the purse. Sweet now, ma
s' eyes were worse. Far from her nest the lapwing cries away; My heart prays for him, though my tongue do curse. Enter DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. Here go-the 
er in the King's army GOWER, " " " " " FLUELLEN, " " " " " MACMORRIS, " " " " " JAMY, " " " " " BATES, soldier in the King's army COURT, " " " " " WILLIAMS, " " " " " NYM, " " " " " BA
s The Adventure of the Empty House The Adventure of the Norwood Builder The Adventure of the Dancing M
ep. In peace and honour rest you here, my sons! Enter LAVINIA LAVINIA. In peace and honour live Lord Titus long; My noble lord and father, live in fame! Lo, at thi
xamined? let them come before Master Constable. Dog. Yea, marry, let them come before me. What is your name, friend? Bor. Borachio. Dog. Pray write down Borach
aptive is enrich'd; on whose side?- the beggar's. The catastrophe is a nuptial; on whose side?- the king's. No, on both in one, or on
 Sex. But which are the offenders that are to be examined? let them come before Master Constable. Dog. Yea, marry, let them come before me.
hasar, servant to Romeo. Abram, servant to Montague. Sampson, servant to Capulet. Gregory, servant to Capulet. Peter, servant to Juliet's nurse. An Apothecary. Three Musicians. An O
ome time," he answered; "for we shall certainly have to go to Norwood and see Brother Bartholomew. We shall all go and try if we can get the better of Brother Bartholomew. He is ver
? CLOWN. O Lord, sir!-There's a simple putting off. More, more, a hundred of them. COUNTESS. Sir, I am a poor friend of yours, that loves you. CLOWN. O Lord, sir!-Thick, thick; spare not me. COUN
e. Fair, kind, and true, is all my argument, Fair, kind, and true, varying to other words, And in this change is my invention spent, Three themes in one, which wondrous 
XETER. Thy father was a traitor to the crown. WARWICK. Exeter, thou art a traitor to the crown In following this
tor, father of Desdemona GRATIANO, nobleman of Venice, brother of Brabantio LODOVICO, nobleman of Venice, kinsman of Brabantio RODERIGO, rejected suitor of Desdemona BIANCA, mis
y you shall. FORD. Want no money, Sir John; you shall want none. FALSTAFF. Want no Mistress Ford, Master Brook; you shall want none. I shall be with her, I may tell you, by her own appointme
g hold of both, They whirl asunder and dismember me. Husband, I cannot pray that thou mayst win; Uncle, I needs must pray that thou mayst lose; Father, I may not wish the fortun
. O good sir! FALSTAFF. I say you shall. FORD. Want no money, Sir John; you shall want none. FALSTAFF. Want no Mistress Ford, Master Brook; you shall want none. I shall be with her, I ma
ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. For what reason? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. For two; and sound ones too. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Nay, not sound I pray you. DROMIO O
 fellow? FIRST MESSENGER. By this at Dunsmore, marching hitherward. WARWICK. How far off is our brother Montague? Where is the post that came from Montague? SECOND MESSENGER. By this at Daintry
 bondman, on this hill. MESSALA. Is not that he that lies upon the ground? TITINIUS. He lies not like the living. O my heart! MESSALA. Is not that he? TITINIUS. N
 She may-ay, marry, may she- RIVERS. What, marry, may she? GLOUCESTER. What, marry, may she? Marry with a king, A bachelor, and a handsome stripling too. Iwis your grandam had 
 no eyes, look you, wept herself blind at my parting. Nay, I'll show you the manner of it. This shoe is my father; no, this left shoe is my father; no, no, left shoe is my mother; nay, 
ing; MOULDY, SHADOW, WART, FEEBLE, BULLCALF, and servants behind SHALLOW. Come on, come on, come on; give me your hand, sir; give me your hand, sir. An early stirrer, by 
6 KING RICHARD THE SECOND by William Shakespeare DRAMATIS PERSONAE KING RICHARD THE SECOND JOHN OF GAUNT, Duke of Lancaster - uncle to the King EDMUND LANGLEY, Duke of York - uncle to the King HEN
e on, I say; and first begin with her. WIDOW. She shall not. PETRUCHIO. I say she shall. And first begin with her. KATHERINA. Fie, fie! unknit that threatening unkind brow, And dart not scorn
 beg your pardon," said he, with some embarrassment; "I suppose I should have knocked. Yes, of course I should have knocked.
. "Yes," I said; "it is morally justifiable so long as our object is to take no articles save those which are used for an illegal purpose." "Exactly. Since it is morally justifiable I
es those things. Well, God's above all, and there be souls must be saved, and there be souls must not be saved. IAGO. It's true, goo
OMIO OF SYRACUSE. [Within] Let him walk from whence he came, lest he catch cold on's feet. ANTIPHOLUS OF EPHESUS. Who talks within there? Ho, open the door! DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. [Within] R
t is 'music with her silver sound' because musicians have no gold for sounding. 'Then music with her silver sound Wi
 RICHARD. Give me the crown. Here, cousin, seize the crown. Here, cousin, On this side my hand, and on that side thine. Now is this golden crown like a deep well That 
lice forced with wit, turn him to? To an ass, were nothing: he is both ass and ox. To an ox, were nothing: he is both ox and ass. To be a dog, a mule, a c
? ORLANDO. If this be so, why blame you me to love you? ROSALIND. Why do you speak too, 'Why blame you me to love you?' ORLANDO. To her that is not here, nor do
on, hell itself, She turns to favour and to prettiness. Oph. (sings) And will he not come again? And will he not come again? No, no, he is dea
. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Where France? DROMIO OF SYRACUSE. In her forehead, arm'd and reverted, making war against her heir. ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Where England? DROMIO OF SYRACU
and bid me. DUKE. What, are you married? MARIANA. No, my lord. DUKE. Are you a maid? MARIANA. No, my lord. DUKE. A widow, then? MARIANA. Neither, my lord. DUKE. Why, you ar
 and a fool, and a prating coxcomb, is it meet, think you, that we should also, look you, be an ass, and a fool, and a prating coxcomb? In your own conscience, now?
 cake out of the wheat must needs tarry the grinding. TROILUS. Have I not tarried? PANDARUS. Ay, the grinding; but you must tarry the bolting. TROILUS. Have I not tarried? P
se shall serve; you shall not be excus'd. Why, Davy! Enter DAVY DAVY. Here, sir. SHALLOW. Davy, Davy, Davy, Davy; let me see, Davy; let me see, Davy; let me see- yea, 
on DUKE OF NORFOLK MARQUIS OF MONTAGUE EARL OF WARWICK EARL OF PEMBROKE LORD HASTINGS LORD STAFFORD SIR JOHN MORTIMER, uncle to the Duke of York SIR HUGH MORTIMER, uncle to the Duke of York HENRY,
n. OTHELLO. The handkerchief! DESDEMONA. I pray, talk me of Cassio. OTHELLO. The handkerchief! DESDEMONA. A man that all his time Hath founded his good fortunes on your lo
 a man should speak those words to me! BASTARD. And hang a calf's-skin on those recreant limbs. AUSTRIA. Thou dar'st not say so, villain, for thy life. BASTARD. And hang a calf's-skin on those recr
